










 













 




PopBookings, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











PopBookings, LLC
List of persons related to the company PopBookings, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of PopBookings, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001652598IRS Number: 471978523Company address: 127 W. 10TH STREET SUITE 102 KANSAS CITY 64105Phone number: 913-530-6853



People related to PopBookings, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryKlotz  Erika1800 Foxridge Drive Suite 100Kansas CityKSKlotz  Erika127 W. 10th Street Suite 102Kansas CityMOHanson  Scott1800 Foxridge Drive Suite 100Kansas CityKSHanson  Scott127 W. 10th Street Suite 102Kansas CityMO




PopBookings, LLC on the Web












 












2015 Companies — Spark Lab KC



















































2015 Companies























SparkLabKC 2015 COMPANIES 















College
Sports USA
“College Sports USA doesn’t stop with our online tools.
Our College Showcase Team Profile Book is a great
scouting tool that we hand deliver to coaches
at tournaments where you are playing.”
- Kirk French, College Sports USA
Does your son or daughter hope to continue playing team sports at the college level? Let
College Sports USA successfully take your student athlete to their college signing day! This online
tool will help you to find and be recruited by the school that’s the right choice for your student.
Hundreds of coaches across the country will see your student athlete profile and you’ll be able
to research universities and send the profile directly to the schools that you are interested in.
CollegeSportsUsa.com















COPR Security Innovations, LLC
COPR Security Innovations, LLC provides security and loss prevention solutions for residential real estate investors.  We’re developing innovative solutions to make it easier and more cost effective for investors to protect their assets, allowing them to focus more time on growing their business.

Coprsecurity.com















Kookiedoodle
Crafts
“Our walk-in art studio is a magical place for kids
and their families to unwind, reconnect and gain
confidence in themselves and in their own original
ideas with our unique project choices.”
- Katie Weiford, Kookiedoodle
You won’t be making reproductions of someone else’s art at this studio.
Kookiedoodle helps kids and adults explore their imagination by
creating original art through a wide variety of projects and with a
staff to teach techniques and offer encouragement. In addition,
Kookiedoodle offers classes, camps and birthday parties.
KookiedoodleCrafts.com 















Lazser Down
“Every football play begins with the official spotting
the ball with a down marker and chain. Lazser Down
provides a real-time objective down and distance
yardage display at the stadium that is
synchronized with the stadium scoreboard.”
- James Foster, Lazser Down
Lazser Down replaces the traditional football down marker & chain
system by using laser, radio frequency and e-ink technologies to
provide real-time down and distance that is digitally displayed on the
field and synced with the stadium scoreboard. It’s safer to use, more
durable and offers superior digital display while improving the game
for coaches, players, officials and fans.















PopBookings
“Looking for talented and reliable people to staff
your next experiential marketing event?
Popbookings’ screening process will help
you hire with confidence.”

- Erika Klotz, PopBookings
This mobile and web-based app connects event staffing companies with
talented and reliable people who have been screened and have references.
You’ll be able to rate and review staff that you have hired and have access
to what other agencies are saying. PopBookings automates the process of
finding, recruiting and booking people to work events with the click of a button. 















Rock-It
Launcher
“Stop sifting through your address book to find a contact
or digging through folders in search of an app on your
smartphone. The Rock-It Launcher homepage makes it easy
to find apps and contacts on your smartphone instantly.”

- Lance Windholz, Rock-It Launch
This app will revolutionize the homepage of your smartphone with a
search function lets you find what you need easily. Rock-It Launcher
helps you sort apps and contacts using dynamic filtering and a single
row keyboard to find what you need with just a few clicks.
Rock-it Launcher Google Play Store















Royal Loyal
“Save big at your favorite local gas station or
convenience store. Our platform helps small
businesses reward their current customers and
reach out to a new audience… no key chains
or punch cards required.”

- Babir Sultan, Royal Loyal
This universal mobile app promotes store products on a daily basis by
providing consumers a way to connect with their favorite convenience store
and save money. Business owners can use the Royal Loyal app to build a
solid customer base by offering discounts to loyal customers.
RoyalLoyalClub.com
















StartTalking
“Online counseling with StartTalking allows you
to connect with a licensed therapist
in the privacy of your home,
at your convenience.”

- Mark Nolte, StartTalking
Everyone has bumps along the road of life, but our busy lives sometimes make it
difficult to get the help we need. StartTalking therapists connect with clients in a secure
online session, at your convenience and at a fraction of the cost of a psychiatrist. All of
our counselors are educated, licensed professionals with years of experience. You can
schedule a 20, 30 or 50 minute session at a convenient time for you using our
HIPAA compliant secure messaging service or our video format.
starttalking.io















The Swapping
Company
“Our app and website create an online marketplace
for the fashion resale community. Customers
can buy or sell across all resale sites
with The Swapping Company.”

- Jennifer Taylor, The Swapping Company
The Swapping Company allows online fashion resale stores, consignment stores, and
individuals to quickly upload their items for sale at The Swapping Company’s online
community while also distributing the information to other selling sites. This one-two
punch maximizes market exposure of that merchandise to the ideal customers. 
TheSwappingCompany.com















VeriQuik
“We’ve all seen the headlines in the news and know
the dangers of meeting people in person after first
meeting them online. Our platform allows you to
verify someone’s identity before meeting them
in person for the first time.”

- Dustin Abercrombie, VeriQuik
VeriQuik’s QuikIQ technology and QuikScreen process allows you to
mitigate risk before meeting someone for the first time. This platform
will quickly establish, authenticate, validate and verify someone’s
identity. Think of VeriQuik as the “Carfax” for people!
VeriQuick.com





 


 


©SparkLabKC























 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Users - PopBookings -






































































Getting startedMaking PopBookings work for your team.



















Sign Up
Imagine all of your events in one place, available wherever you go. That’s PopBookings. Once your agency has set up a portal for you, you can connect with them here using your email address: https://popbookings.com/vip/ [type your agency name]
 






We also recommend you download our apps for iOS and Android at https://popbookings.com/download
 






Sign Up
Your Profile
Getting Booked
Messaging
Checking In











Your Profile: Where the Magic Happens
Most interactions with your agency happen from your profile. We have built them so that you can show yourself off in the best light possible. Think of it as your digital resume. See your events, check the job board, message your agency, and get paid all right here. To start working with an agency, we recommend filling out your profile completely or at least to 90%. Agencies are looking for active staff, and here is your chance to show you are one of them!
 






You only have to do this once!
After you have completed your profile on the PopBookings system, each future agency you connect with will be able to access the same profile. No need to ever fill out another form again!
 
Building a strong profile.
Agencies are looking for the best staff to work their events. Your profile is set up so that it displays exactly what the agency is looking for when they book events. What you see in the layout is what they see, so work to make it look nice! Empty sections, and low quality pictures don’t go far to show how awesome you are!
 
Uploading documents.
Many agencies ask for additional info that is not a part of your profile like a W-9 or liquor license. The upload section can be found on the “documents” tab on the left side of your profile. Just click the “add” button under each document. For security reasons, you have to upload documents in a JPG or PDF format. 
Note: If you are trying to upload a resume that is a word document, open the document in Word and click “save as” a PDF.
 












Getting Booked
Let’s face it, the reason you are here is to get some work! The best place to start is the Job Board tab on your profile. Agencies post upcoming jobs here that are open for applications. Make sure to check which city the job is in before you apply to work.
 






Under Events, you’ll find all of the jobs your agency has specifically invited you to. The agency has looked at your profile and determined that you will be the best fit for this particular job, so look at each event to determine your availability.
 
If you are signing up for the first time, this section might feel a little empty. Don’t worry. The bookings will come! When an agency determines you might be a good fit, a text message will come to your phone, or a push notification will come to the app.
 






















Messaging Your Agency
Once you have downloaded the app, you can start messaging your agency. This is a great way to get noticed, and start building a relationship with your agency. 
 
There are two forms of chat you will use with the app:

Direct messaging. This is for more confidential conversation or asking the agency about information directly relevant to you. You can message your agency direct by going to the “mesages” tab on the PopBookings app and click on the agency icon.


Group chat. This is for conversations with your fellow staff at the event, or to get information from the agency relevant to the group. IMPORTANT: Remember to use your powers of group chat wisely. Nobody likes spam. If it a message that is only relevant to you, use a direct message to your agency.

 






PRO TIP: Sending a friendly opening message to your agent, or letting them know your availability is a nice way to break the ice.
 
















Checking In to an Event
We have thrown away the paper timesheets! 💁 #byefelicia
Now, instead of filling out paperwork to have your team lead sign at an event, you can use geo check-ins. These take a digital snapshot of your location and time you got to the event to send to your agency. After the event is over, click the check-out button, and you are all set.
 






NOTE: You will not be able to check in until your event starts, and you are within the radius of the event.
 





























































CiYS - PopBookings -






































































A PopBookings customer story – Chicks in Your Shirt

Improving efficiency while growing
nationally.









Chicks in Your Shirt
WEBSITE
 









2x
more productive
 









75%
increase in active profiles
 









225%
increase in database size
 














"Before PopBookings, I was only able to focus on one client at a time. Now, I’m able to pick up new clients in other states and other cities."Erick, Chicks in Your Shirt, CEO
Erick Comellas of Chicks in Your Shirt was frustrated with the status quo in the event staffing industry. Finding, booking, and paying talent was a constant struggle requiring multiple messy spreadsheets and tons of unanswered emails. Then PopBookings’ specialized event staffing platform streamlined Erick’s processes and gave him the time and energy to take his business to new heights.
 
Chicks in Your Shirt is an event staffing agency specializing in promotional talent. They engage their network of intelligent and attractive models to provide a fresh way to influence consumers at trade shows, product launches, sporting events, and more. Their ethos of passionate professionalism sets them apart and inspires their talent and clients alike.
 


The Data Management Nightmare
If you work in the event staffing industry, you know that managing your data and processes can be a total nightmare. The behind-the-scenes work of discovering, engaging, and tracking talented workers for multiple events across a variety of locations requires time and energy that could be better spent growing your business. For years, agencies like Chicks in Your Shirt have struggled to develop and refine their own internal processes, but the best options available are complicated spreadsheets and unsophisticated recruiting platforms like Craigslist.
The result? A time and effort-intensive process that complicates your job and distracts you from opportunities to expand and thrive. As Erick attests, “Doing everything through emails and spreadsheets made it very difficult for me to gain more clients and do more work on a daily basis because I felt like I was constantly running behind.”
 










PopBookings Provides the Solution
Luckily for the event staffing industry, PopBookings founders Erika Klotz and Scott Hanson created their platform from the inside out with your needs in mind. Their experience running an agency gave them firsthand insight into the uphill battle of managing hundreds of talent and event listings. They envisioned a simple, integrated platform that would accelerate the event staffing process from beginning to end, and then they built it!
From recruiting and booking talent to managing events and tracking payment information, PopBookings’ platform provides an intuitive interface that allows staffing companies like Chicks in Your Shirt to manage important data and processes with remarkable ease and efficiency. Instead of fighting with clumsy spreadsheets and disconnected communication platforms, PopBookings equips agencies with a one-stop shop that meets all their needs.
 












Spend your time growing
Agency owners like Erick Comellas see results with PopBookings. Where he used to spend hours each week managing vital data such as talent profiles and availability, today he uses that time to book new talent, land new contracts, and grow his business. Since joining PopBookings, he’s been able to significantly increase both his talent pool and client list.
Erick says, “One of the main challenges was organizing my data and being able to have a quick turnaround for clients as far as who was available. Because PopBookings is specifically tailored to the event staffing industry, the design and user interface made managing my data easy.” He estimates that he’s cut recruiting and booking times in half as a result of the PopBookings platform. “Before, I was only able to focus on one client at a time to make sure they were served correctly. Now, I’m able to pick up new clients in other states and other cities.”
Chicks in Your Shirt is based in Orlando and has provided staff for many events in central and south Florida, but Erick has recently been contracted to staff events on the east coast and in the southwest as well. One major victory for Chicks in Your Shirt was gaining a new national account for Xyience Energy Drink. Erick attributes his recent expansion to PopBookings’ efficiency. “A lot of that has to do with what I’ve been able to do with the PopBookings system. I can provide better service with a faster turnaround.”
 


Spend your time growing
PopBookings integrated Event Dashboard and Talent Database provide staffing agencies with everything you need to attract, book, and manage ambassadors and event listings. Their streamlined staffing solution keeps your data organized and accessible, so your team and your talent are on the same page. In addition, the Talent Mobile App allows for instantaneous communication between you and your promoters, whether it’s a job invite, a booking confirmation, or directions to the event.
While Erick would prefer to keep the benefits of PopBookings a secret from competitors, he can’t help but be enthusiastic about the platform and how it’s helped Chicks in Your Shirt grow. “I would recommend PopBookings because of the team behind the software. They are experienced and well versed in the industry. They know how to solve the problems we face.”
 


Now it’s your turn!
Are you ready to solve your data management problems and spend your time growing your business? Contact the PopBookings team to schedule a demo today!
 



















































PopBookings Terms and Conditions



GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    Copyright Notice and Claims of Copyright Infringement

    You, the User, acknowledge that all content included on this Site, including the information, data, software, photographs, graphs, video, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds, images, illustrations, maps, designs, icons, written and other material (collectively, "Content") and the arrangement and compilation of the Content are intellectual property and copyrighted works of popbokings.com and PopBooking, LLC. Reproduction or storage of information or works retrieved from this Site, in all forms, media and technologies now existing or hereafter developed, is subject to the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, Title 17 of the United States Code, or other applicable laws, and all applicable international copyright treaties and conventions, including without limitation, the Berne Convention and the Universal Copyright Convention. 

    CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

    If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by us infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a written notice that includes the following information: 

A clear identification of the copyrighted work you claim was infringed.
A clear identification of the material you claim is infringing the copyrighted work, and information that will allow us to locate that material on the Site, such as a link to the infringing material.
Your contact information so that we can reply to your complaint, preferably including an email address and telephone number.
A statement that you have a "good faith belief that the material that is claimed as copyright infringement is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
A statement that "the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
The notice must be signed by the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.


    Notices with respect to this Site should be sent to us by any of the following methods: email to [email protected], by mail to the address below, by phone at the number below, or by facsimile to the number below: 

    PopBookings LLC
    Attn: IP/Trademark Counsel
    127 West 10th Street, Suite 102
    Kansas City, MO 64105

    We will review and address all notices that comply with the requirements above. 
    We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, be aware that you may be liable for damages if you make a false claim of copyright infringement.

GENERAL LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

    TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL POPBOOKINGS.COM, INCLUDING ITS RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, DISTRIBUTORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, AGENTS OR OTHERS INVOLVED IN CREATING, SPONSORING, PROMOTING, OR OTHERWISE MAKING AVAILABLE THE SITE AND ITS CONTENTS (COLLECTIVELY THE "COVERED PARTIES"), BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: (I) LOSS OF GOODWILL, PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES; (II) YOUR INABILITY TO USE, UNAUTHORIZED USE OF, PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE; (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR TAMPERING WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR TRANSMISSIONS; (IV) THE PROVISION OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE ANY SERVICE; (V) ERRORS OR INACCURACIES CONTAINED ON THE SITE OR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE; (VI) ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THIS SITE; (VII) ANY PROPERTY DAMAGE INCLUDING DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR COMPUTER SYSTEM CAUSED BY VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, DURING OR ON ACCOUNT OF ACCESS TO OR USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY SITE TO WHICH IT PROVIDES HYPERLINKS; OR (VIII) DAMAGES OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE, ANY DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE. THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF A COVERED PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.

    FURTHER, POPBOOKINGS, LLC ARE INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS AND NOT AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES OF THE COVERED PARTIES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE COVERED PARTIES DO NOT ASSUME LIABILITY FOR ANY INJURY, DAMAGE, DEATH, LOSS, ACCIDENT OR DELAY DUE TO AN ACT OR OMISSION OF POPBOOKINGS, LLC, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, AN ACT OF NEGLIGENCE OR THE DEFAULT OF POPBOOKINGS, LLC, OR AN ACT OF GOD. FURTHER AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NO RESPONSIBILITIES ARE ACCEPTED FOR ANY DAMAGE AND/OR DELAY DUE TO SICKNESS, PILFERAGE, LABOR DISPUTES, BANKRUPTCY, MACHINERY BREAKDOWN, QUARANTINE, GOVERNMENT RESTRAINTS, WEATHER, TERRORISM OR CAUSES BEYOND THE COVERED PARTIES' CONTROL. NO RESPONSIBILITY IS ACCEPTED FOR ANY ADDITIONAL EXPENSE, OMISSIONS, DELAYS, FAILURE TO MAKE CONNECTIONS,RE-ROUTING OR ACTS OF ANY GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY.

    No Covered Party shall be responsible for any PopBooking, LLC's breach of any warranty including, but not limited to, implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose or of merchantability, nor shall any Covered Party be responsible for any other wrongdoing of PopBookings, LLC (including any liability in tort), as to any products and/or services available through this Site. No Covered Party shall be responsible for any PopBookings, LLC's failure to comply with this Agreement nor for any PopBookings, LLC's failure to comply with applicable federal, state, provincial and local law.

    If, notwithstanding the above, a Covered Party is found liable for any loss or damage relating to the use of this Site, User agrees the liability of any such party shall in no event exceed the total charge to the User assessed by popbookings.com for making a Request. Some states or jurisdictions, to the extent their law might be deemed to apply notwithstanding the selection of Connecticut law as described below, do not allow the limitation of liability, so the foregoing limitations might not apply to you.

NO AGENCY RELATIONSHIP

    PopBookings, LLC does not agree to act as your agent or fiduciary in providing services through the Site.

INDEMNIFICATION

    You agree to defend and indemnify PopBookings and the Covered Parties from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought (i) by you or on behalf of you in excess of the liability described above; or (ii) by third parties as a result of:
    your breach of this Agreement
    your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or
    your use of this Site in violation of this Agreement.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

    The Site and all of its original content are the sole property of PopBookings, LLC and are, as such, fully protected by the appropriate international copyright and other intellectual property rights laws.

TERMINATION

    PopBookings, LLC reserves the right to terminate your access to the Site, without any advance notice.

LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
    Our Site does contain a number of links to other websites and online resources that are not owned or controlled by PopBookings, LLC.

    PopBookings, LLC has no control over, and therefore cannot assume responsibility for, the content or general practices of any of these third party sites and/or services. Therefore, we strongly advise you to read the entire terms and conditions and privacy policy of any site that you visit as a result of following a link that is posted on our site.

GOVERNING LAW
    This Agreement is governed in accordance with the laws of Missouri, United States.

CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT

    PopBookings,LLC reserves the right to modify these Terms of Service at any time. We do so by posting and drawing attention to the updated terms on the Site. Your decision to continue to visit and make use of the Site after such changes have been made constitutes your formal acceptance of the new Terms of Service.

    Therefore, we ask that you check and review this Agreement for such changes on an occasional basis. Should you not agree to any provision of this Agreement or any changes we make to this Agreement, we ask and advise that you do not use or continue to access the PopBookings.com site immediately.

CONTACT US

    If you have any questions about this Agreement, please feel free to contact us at [email protected]











Company Beat: Modern Talent Partnering with PopBookings - Modern Talent








































































 


SIGN IN YOUR ACCOUNT TO HAVE ACCESS TO DIFFERENT FEATURES




USERNAME



PASSWORD



                             Remember Me                        





FORGOT YOUR PASSWORD?







FORGOT YOUR DETAILS?




USERNAME OR EMAIL


 



AAH, WAIT, I REMEMBER NOW!
















Phone - 612-361-9678 

LOGIN



















 




 

 




612-361-9678
                                
                                                                    Email: christin@moderntalentusa.com


                                Modern Talent222 Hennepin Ave Minneapolis, MN                                


Open in Google Maps



 




 




Home
Services

Promotional Models
Brand Ambassadors
Event Staffing
Guerrilla Marketing
In-Store Product Demos
Trade Show Models
Wine Professionals


Locations

Colorado
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Nebraska
North & South Dakota
Ohio
Wisconsin


Book Promotional Staff
Apply
Insights
Testimonials
Contact Us
 





















Company Beat: Modern Talent Partnering with PopBookings





                        by                        
                            Austin Kettelhut                        

 / 


                        Friday, 28 October 2016                    
 / 


                        Published in                     
Uncategorized 




 
Modern Talent is excited to announce our recent partnership with PopBookings!  As a constantly growing and ever-changing promotional staffing agency, we believe that this partnership will keep our agency ahead of the competition and continue to improve not only our talent, but the quality of service that we can offer to our clients.
PopBookings is an innovative promotional staffing tech firm that enables  event-staffing companies to streamline their internal processes in order to provide exceptional service to their clients.  Their simplistic interfaces, app capabilities and database management make finding quality talent and managing staff extremely efficient, which will allow us to devote more time to our clients and better match our talent with their live event needs.  
PopBookings was a finalist for the 2015 Silicon Prairie Awards New Startup of the Year and has quickly gone from a simple idea to an impressive software enterprise.  They were also selected to be one of 10 startup companies to participate in the SparkLabKC program in 2015 that helps fund and accelerate early-stage Internet startups, and since graduating from the program have continued to grow at an impressive rate.  Being a fairly young company ourselves at Modern Talent, we believe that joining forces with PopBookings will increase their user base substantially and strengthen our talent simultaneously.
The primary reason we are making the shift to PopBookings management software is because managing staff remotely can be extremely difficult and time consuming, but they make it efficient and easy.  We also pride ourselves in staffing local talent for our clients, which means we need to use innovative tactics to find talent in many areas that we don’t have teams permanently located in; PopBookings allows us to do so.  PopBookings also allows models and talented people to create and build personal profiles that can be rated by clients and agencies to help boost their chances of finding work.
More importantly than connecting with new talent, we wanted to improve the way we communicate and book our current talent for events.  With PopBookings, users have the ability to  see their events, check the job board, message their agency, and get paid all in one place.  Users can also upload any documents or certifications such as resumes, liquor licenses or tax forms to their profile.  PopBookings also features an easy to use app that is available on both iOS and Android platforms.
PopBookings has 10 features that they claim “smash the status quo” which includes:

Database Management: All inclusive talent profile that gives agencies and users a secure place to store documents and paperwork.


Custom-branded talent portal: Communicate with staff, upload logos and use unique URLs.


Drag-and-drop scheduling: Assign shifts, delegate roles and share assignments with the push of a button.


Geo check-ins: Allows promoters to snap selfies to confirm their arrival to a venue on time.


Event dashboard with status alerts: Highlights whether an event is partially booked, fully booked, or live event happening at that moment.


3-way confirmations: Confirms when you’ve invited the talent to participate in an event, assigned them a shift, and when they’ve confirmed the booking.


Talent login: Talent have their own login capability and manage their own talent profile, uploading photos, statistics, contact information, special skills, and more. 


Built-in instant messaging: Allows you to send and receive important information either one-on-one or to a group


Talent paperwork: Dedicated, private, and secure place to store documents.


ePayroll: Painlessly tracks hours and rates, pays your talent, and maintains payment records.

These features will simplify our processes at Modern Talent, which we believe is fantastic news for our current and future clients.  We will have more time to focus on their events and spend less time on the logistics of hiring and matching the right talent for their needs.  Our talent base should continue to grow and strengthen as our company does the same.  
Again, we are extremely excited about this new partnership and look forward to working with PopBookings.  We can’t wait to use their industry changing tools to continue to provide the best service possible to our clients and grow our amazing staff of talented promotional models and brand ambassadors.  
To learn more about Modern Talent and the services we offer please visit our website at: moderntalentusa.com.  If you would like to book Modern Talent for your next event, please click here.
Additional Links:
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram!
Join the Modern Talent Team!







Tweet
















 

About Austin Kettelhut
                    Austin is the owner of Content Storm, LLC, a digital content consulting company that focuses on digital copy generation, search engine optimization (SEO) and social media management for small businesses.                



What you can read next




 Trade Shows & Conventions: Convert Sales and Grow Your Audience





 What Makes a Great Brand Ambassador?





 How to Run an Effective In-Store Liquor Sampling










   Recent Posts 

 

							6 Tips for Effective Trade Shows							
There are plenty of things that can go wrong at...


 

							What Makes a Great Brand Ambassador?							
Finding great Brand Ambassadors is more challen...


 

							Understanding the Minneapolis Market and Economy							
“It’s really hard to get people to move to Minn...


 

							How to Run an Effective In-Store Liquor Sampling							
Running an in-store liquor sampling sounds pret...


 

							Why Your Promotional Event Failed							
There’s a lot that can go right when running a ...


  Archives 
July 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016

Categories 
Uncategorized


 




TOP


















Privacy - PopBookings -






































































PrivacyPopBookings Terms of Use



















PopBookings Privacy Policy
Last Updated: February 27, 2017
POPBOOKINGS PRIVACY POLICY
PopBookings (hereinafter referred to as “PopBookings”, “we”, “us” or “our”) operates a platform and community marketplace that helps people form offline experiences and relationships directly with one another, where they can create, list, discover and book jobs, whether through our website or our mobile applications (“Platform”).

PopBookings refers to (i) PopBookings, LLC if you reside in the USA
This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you about how we treat Personal Information that we process about you. If you do not agree to any part of this Privacy Policy, then we cannot provide the Platform or Services to you, and you should stop accessing the Platform and deactivate your PopBookings Account.

DEFINITIONS

Where the definition of a term does not appear in this Privacy Policy (such as “Listing”, “Booking”, “Content,” “Services” etc.), it shall be given its definition as outlined in our our Terms of Service.
“Affiliates” means companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.


“Aggregated Information” means information about all of our users or specific groups or categories of users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user.
“Data Controller” means PopBookings, the company responsible for the use and processing of Personal Information.
“Third Parties” means companies or persons not related by common ownership or control (i.e. non-affiliates) or other unrelated individuals. Third Parties can be financial and non-financial companies, or persons other than you and PopBookings.
“Personal Information” means information (which may include sensitive information) relating to a living individual who is or can be identified either from that information or from that information in conjunction with other information that is in, or is likely to come into, the possession of the Data Controller.


WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DOES POPBOOKINGS GATHER ABOUT ITS USERS?


Information that you give us

We receive, store and process information, including Personal Information, that you make available to us when accessing or using our Platform and Services. Examples include when you:

fill in any form on the Platform, such as when you register or update the details of your user account, or when you supply ID and other verification information;
access or use the Platform, such as to search for or post bookings, make or accept bookings, pay for bookings, book or pay for any associated services that may be available, post comments or reviews, or communicate with other users;
link your account on a Third-Party site (e.g. Facebook) to your PopBookings Account, in which case we will obtain the Personal Information that you have provided to the Third-Party site, to the extent allowed by your settings with the Third-Party site and authorized by you;
communicate with PopBookings; and
share information with another Member.




 


Information we get from your use of our Platform

We also receive, store and process information, possibly including Personal Information, when you access or use our Platform and Services, including but not limited to:

Mobile Data

When you use certain features of the Platform, in particular our mobile applications we may receive, store and process different types of information about your location, including general information (e.g. IP address, zip code) and more specific information (e.g. GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Platform or specific features of the platform). If you access the Platform through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer’s instructions for further details.
Contact Information

You may use your contact information, such as your email address, or phone number to create or customize your account or to enable certain account features, for example, for login verification. If you provide us with your email address, or phone number, you agree to receive emails to that email address, text messages to that phone number, as the case may be. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Platform and Services, to market to you, and to help prevent spam, fraud, or abuse.
Log Data

We may also receive, store and process Log Data, which is information that is automatically recorded by our servers whenever you access or use the Platform, regardless of whether you are registered with PopBookings or logged in to your PopBookings Account, such as your IP Address, the date and time you access or use the Platform, the hardware and software you are using, referring and exit pages and URLs, the number of clicks, device event information, pages viewed and the order of those pages, and the amount of time spent on particular pages.

Cookies and other Tracking Technologies

PopBookings uses cookies and other similar technologies, such as mobile application and other device identifiers, on the Platform. We may also allow our business partners to use their cookies and other tracking technologies on the Platform. As a result, when you access or use the Platform, you will provide or make available certain information to us and to our business partners.

While you may disable the usage of cookies through your browser settings, we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from your browser or mobile application. We track your activities if you click on advertisements for PopBookings services on Third-Party platforms such as search engines and social networks, and may use analytics to track what you do in response to those advertisements.

We may, either directly or through Third Parties we engage to provide services to us, also continue to track your behavior on our own Platform for purposes of our own customer support, analytics, research, product development, fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, as well as to enable you to use and access the Platform and pay for your activities on the Platform. We may also, either directly or through Third-Parties we engage to provide services to us, track your behavior on our own Platform to market and advertise our services to you on the Platform and Third-Party websites. Third Parties that use cookies and other tracking technologies to deliver targeted advertisements on our Platform and/or Third-Party websites may offer you a way to prevent such targeted advertisements by opting-out at the websites of industry groups such as the Network Advertising Initiative and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may also be able to control advertising cookies provided by publishers, for example Google’s Ad Preference Manager. Please note that even if you choose to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising, you may still receive advertising on or about the Platform – it just will not be tailored to your interests. In addition, if you disable cookies, you may lose some of the features and functionality of using our Platform, Application and Services, as cookies are necessary to track and enhance your use and access.

Third Parties may not collect information about users’ online activities on the Platform except as described in this policy.
Third-Party social plugins

Our Platform may use social plugins which are provided and operated by Third-Parties, such as Facebook’s Like Button.

As a result of this, you may send to the Third-Party the information that you are viewing on a certain part of our Platform. If you are not logged into your account with the Third-Party, then the Third Party may not know your identity. If you are logged into your account with the Third Party, then the Third Party may be able to link information about your visit to our Platform to your account with them. Similarly, your interactions with the social plugin may be recorded by the Third Party.

Please refer to the Third Party’s privacy policy to find out more about its data practices, such as what data is collected about you and how the Third Party uses such data.




HOW POPBOOKINGS USES AND PROCESSES THE INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE OR MAKE AVAILABLE
 

We use, store and process information about you for the following general purposes:




to enable you to access and use the Platform;
to enable you to communicate with other Members, including but not limited to by sending them messages or other information during the Booking process;
to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Platform, PopBookings’ business, and our users’ experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research, personalize or otherwise customize your experience, and to provide customer service;
to help create and maintain a trusted and safer environment on the Platform and Services, such as detection and prevention of actual and potential fraud and other harmful activity, conducting investigations and risk assessments, enforcing our Terms and policies, verifying your address, verifying any identifications provided by you (including by comparing the photo on that identification to another photo you provide to us), and conducting checks against databases and information sources (such as but not limited to public government databases) for fraud detection and prevention, risk assessment and harm prevention purposes. In this regard, we may do any or all of the foregoing with or without further notifying you;
to send you service, support and administrative messages, reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and information requested by you;
to send you marketing, advertising, and promotional messages and other information that may be of interest to you, including information about PopBookings, our services, or general promotions for partner campaigns and services. You can unsubscribe or opt-out from receiving these communications in your settings (in the “Account” section) when you login to your PopBookings Account;
to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by PopBookings or our Third Party business partners; and
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with Third Parties.

How PopBookings Uses and Processes User Communications

We may, either directly or through Third-Parties we engage to provide services to us, review, scan, or analyze your communications with other users exchanged via the Platform for fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research and customer support purposes. For example, as part of our fraud prevention efforts, the Platform may scan and analyze messages and attachments to mask contact information and references to other websites. This helps to prevent fraudulent actors from asking Staff to send them money outside of the Platform, such as by bank transfer or other money transfer methods. We may also scan, review or analyze messages for research and product development purposes to help make search, booking and user communications more efficient and effective, as well as to debug, improve and expand product offerings. We will not review, scan, or analyze your communications for sending Third-Party marketing messages to you. We will also not sell these reviews or analyses of communications to Third Parties. We will also use automated methods to carry out these reviews or analyses where reasonably possible. However, from time to time we may have to manually review some communications. By using the Platform, you consent that PopBookings, in its sole discretion, may, either directly or through Third-Parties we engage to provide services to us, review, scan, analyze, and store your communications, whether done manually or through automated means.




BUSINESS TRANSFERS BY POPBOOKINGS

If PopBookings undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or bankruptcy or insolvency event, then we may sell, transfer or share some or all of our assets, including your Personal Information. In this event, we will notify you before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
HOW TO ACCESS, CHANGE OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION, OR CANCEL YOUR POPBOOKINGS ACCOUNT

You may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in your PopBookings Account. If you would like to correct your information or cancel your PopBookings Account entirely, you can do so by logging in to your PopBookings Account. Please also note that any reviews, forum postings and similar materials posted by you may continue to be publicly available on the Platform in association with your first name, even after your PopBookings Account is cancelled.
SECURING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your Personal Information against unauthorized access, destruction or alteration. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, and no method of storing electronic information, can be 100% secure. So, we cannot guarantee the security of your transmissions to us and of your Personal Information that we store.
YOUR PRIVACY WHEN YOU ACCESS THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND RESOURCES

The Platform will contain links to other websites not owned or controlled by PopBookings. PopBookings does not have any control over Third-Party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies, web beacons or other files on your device, or collect and solicit Personal Information from you. They will have their own rules about the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information. We encourage you to read the terms of use and privacy policies of the other websites that you visit.

Some portions of the Platform implement Google Maps/Earth mapping services, including Google Maps API(s). Your use of Google Maps/Earth is subject to Google’s terms of use (located at www.google.com/intl/en_us/help/terms_maps.html) and Google’s privacy policy (located atwww.google.com/privacy.html), as may be amended by Google from time to time
SPECIAL FEATURES AND PROGRAMS 
Referral service and requesting references

The Platform provides a referral service that allows you to invite your friends and contacts to use the Platform. The Platform also allows you to ask your friends and contacts to write a reference for you, to be published on your PopBookings profile.

We may integrate the Platform with third party sites such as Facebook, so that you can send invitation messages or requests for references via the third party site itself. These messages will be sent by the third party site, and PopBookings does not collect or retain the contact information that is used to send them.

You may also send invitation/request emails via the Platform itself, in which case we will ask you for the contact information to which to send your invitation/request. You can type in the email addresses or other contact information manually, or you can choose to import the contacts in your address book(s). In both cases, we may use and store this information for the sole purposes of allowing you to send your friends and contacts an invitation or request for a reference, and for fraud detection and prevention. With respect to referrals, we will also store the email addresses of your invitees to track if your friend joins PopBookings in response to your referral.

If you request us to import your contacts, we will collect, but not store, the username and password for the email account you wish to import your contacts from. We will use this information only for the purpose of importing your contacts. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may change how we collect and then use Personal Information at any time and without prior notice, at our sole discretion. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you either by posting the changed Privacy Policy on the Platform or by sending an email to you. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we let you know of changes through an email communication, then the date on which we send the email will be deemed to be the date of your receipt of that email.

It’s important that you review the changed Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to agree to the changed Privacy Policy, then we will not be able to continue providing the Platform and Services to you, and your only option will be to stop accessing the Platform and Services and deactivate your PopBookings Account. You can find out more about how to deactivate your PopBookings Account at www.PopBookings.com/getting-started. GOT FEEDBACK?

Your opinion matters to us! If you’d like to provide feedback to us about this Privacy Policy, please email us at [email protected] For all other questions or concerns, please email us at [email protected]. COOKIE POLICY

PopBookings uses “cookies” in conjunction with the Platform to obtain information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your device (e.g. your phone or your computer) for record-keeping purposes. For example, a cookie could allow the Platform to recognize your browser, while another could store your preferences and other information.

Your browser may allow you to set how it handles cookies, such as declining all cookies or prompting you to decide whether to accept each cookie. But please note that some parts of the Platform may not work as intended or may not work at all without cookies.



PopBookings cookies and Third Party cookies

PopBookings may place our cookies on your device via the Platform. Accordingly, our Privacy Policy will apply to our treatment of the information we obtain via our cookies.

We may also allow our business partners to place cookies on your device. For example, we use Google Analytics for web analytics, and so Google may also set cookies on your device. As further explained below, Third Parties may also place cookies on your device for advertising purposes.

There are two types of cookies used on the Platform, namely “persistent cookies” and “session cookies”.

Session cookies will normally expire when you close your browser, while persistent cookies will remain on your device after you close your browser, and can be used again the next time you access the Platform.
Other technologies

The Platform may also use other technologies with similar functionality to cookies, such as web beacons and tracking URLs to obtain Log Data about users. We may also use web beacons and tracking URLs in our messages to you to determine whether you have opened a certain message or accessed a certain link.
Uses for PopBookings cookies

PopBookings uses cookies and similar tracking technologies for a number of purposes, such as the following:

to enable, facilitate and streamline the functioning of the Platform across different webpages, devices and browser sessions.
to simplify your access to and use of the Platform and make it more seamless.
to monitor and analyze the performance, operation and effectiveness of the Platform, so that we can improve and optimize it.
to show you content (which may include advertisements) that is more relevant to you.
for fraud detection and prevention.


Uses for Third-Party cookies

Our partners’ cookies are intended to obtain information to help them provide services to PopBookings. For example, Third Parties we engage to provide services to us may track your behavior on our Platform to market and advertise PopBookings listings or services to you on the Platform and Third-party websites, or to help us detect or prevent fraud or conduct risk assessments. Third Parties websites that use cookies and other tracking technologies to deliver targeted advertisements on our Platform and/or Third-Party websites may offer you a way to prevent such targeted advertisements by opting-out at the websites of industry groups such as the Network Advertising Initiative and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may also be able to control advertising cookies provided by publishers, for example Google’s Ad Preference Manager. Please note that even if you choose to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising, you may still receive advertising on or about the Platform – it just will not be tailored to your interests.

In addition, Facebook places a cookie via the Platform that allows Facebook to obtain aggregated, non-Personal Information to optimize their services. For example, if a user clicks on an advertisement for the PopBookings mobile app on Facebook and subsequently installs the app, this cookie will inform Facebook that a user (who is not personally identified) has installed the app after clicking on the advertisement. This cookie may also inform Facebook that a user is using the app, without identifying the specific actions taken by the user in the app.
Disabling Cookies

Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser’s toolbar. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some of the interactive features of the Platform. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies, and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel.


Changes to this Cookie Policy

We can change this Cookie Policy at any time. If we make material changes to the Cookie Policy, we will let you know either by posting the changed Cookie Policy on the Platform or by sending you an email.

It’s important that you review the changed Cookie Policy. If you do not wish to agree to the changed Cookie Policy, then we cannot continue to provide the Platform to you, and your only option is to stop accessing the Platform and Services and deactivate your PopBookings Account. You can find out more about how to deactivate your PopBookings Account at www.PopBookings.com/getting-started.
 
 





































































Event Staffing Software - PopBookings


















































































The Most User-Friendly Event Staffing AppCleanest interface. Easiest Implementation. Most Turn-Key.
REQUEST DEMOSEE TOUR













































































APPCHATCHECK-IN
















GO MOBILEYour talent is on-the-go. We make it easy to reach them. Instantly send job invites, booking confirmations, and messages anytime, anywhere.

GPS Check-in
Instant Messaging
Booking Invites & More!

Hey Brand Ambassadors! Have an account with an agency using PopBookings?
Download the mobile app:
 
 









INSTANTLY CHAT WITH STAFFWhether you are chatting one-on-one or to a group, we made communicating with staff simple.Centralizing your messages with staff makes coordinating so much easier. This helps those day-of-the-event questions get answered quickly and easily. Less stress = better activations for everyone!
 


















GEO CHECK-INSBye-bye, paper time sheets! Geo check-ins allow you to check in to an event with the click of a button.See when and where your talent checks in when they get
onsite. No more guessing!
 









 

 







ONE WORKSPACEKeep everything in one place so everyone is on the same page.Streamlining your staffing business’ processes helps keep you and your team organized. Everyone can reference the same information within the account.
 

































TAKE BACK YOUR TIMEWe partner with you to give you back your greatest asset as a business owner, time.Managing hundreds of people is hard work. We make it easier. Save both time and money by streamlining your processes. Spend less time coordinating with staff, and more time on high-impact activities that can help grow your business.
 







DATABASE MANAGEMENTSee all of your staff with the click of a buttonSIMPLE BOOKINGSSend job invites and automate bookings with your staffCOMMUNICATIONEfficiently communicate with all of your staff



























 







MANY TOOLS. ONE SYSTEM.



DATABASE MANAGEMENTAccess your own database of talent. Only work with who you want to work with. Makes notes, change status, etc.




COMMUNICATIONOne-on-one and group messaging allow you to connect with your staff more efficiently than ever before.




PAY STAFFPay staff directly. No more paper checks or hours determining outstanding balances.




TALENT PORTALYour own custom branded talent portal allows you to get a complete snapshot of who you are booking.






GEO CHECK-INSBye, bye paper time sheets, and hello to knowing your staff has made it to the event.




MOBILE APPSGrow your business with iPhone and Android apps for your talent. Book, chat, and check-in with ease.




RATINGS & REVIEWSIs one of your staff amazing? Rate them 5 stars. Did you have a no call/no show? We can track that too.




EVENT DOCSKeep your staff up-to-date with event documents. Attach your important files to events for your staff to easily reference on-the-go.















WHY PEOPLE LOVE US
Our mission is to make your life easier and provide efficiencies to your organization. Read how we have done this for our clients.

 






“PopBookings has been nothing but OUTSTANDING for Focus Talent. With their technology, Focus is able to achieve even greater success in this ever changing promo world.”
-Shannan W.
View Website
 





“PopBookings has been a great asset to Chicks In Your Shirt. We have seen ongoing improvements in the quality of the product as well as outstanding customer service from their team.”
-E. Comellas
View Website
 





“Fantastic tool! We have landed new clients since using it, and the platform’s ease-of-use to manage our staff makes use of this software a no-brainer.”
-Jill H.
View Website
 





“Before, we had to use a patchwork of programs that weren’t set up to do what we need to do. With PopBookings, it’s streamlined and everything is in one place.”
-Ed C.
View Website
 

















MADE FOR SUCCESSWe have spoken with hundreds of agencies, just like yours, and they have all said the same thing: “there has to be a better way!”
We are here to tell you, “there is”.
FREE DEMO
 













REQUEST A FREE DEMO!
See how PopBookings can help you and your team be more efficient.




REQUEST DEMO

































































Blog - PopBookings -






































































4 Ways PopBookings Will Make Your Busy Season Less Stressful


Summer is here! In many industries, summer is a time of relaxation and rest, with long weekends spent at the lake or the beach. Not for event staffing professionals, though! Nope – summer is often the busiest time …
READ MORE











Why Hiring More as You Grow is Not As Smart as it Feels


I’m talking to you, agency owners. You get more clients. Business is going great. You have developed a system and it works. It’s not perfect, but you spent a lot of time and energy building processes. Now you …
READ MORE











Save Time & Money by Eliminating Redundancies


Do you ever get déjà vu when you look at your computer screen? That feeling that you’ve already done what you’re about to do, time and time again? Too many staffing agencies are stuck in a rut, doing …
READ MORE











Spring Cleaning for Your Event Staffing Agency


Spring is finally here and it’s time for a fresh start! It’s not just closets that need to be cleared of winter clutter – there are many areas of our lives that are due for a makeover this …
READ MORE











Don’t Become Tech Support, That’s Our Job


Technology is constantly changing and evolving to make our lives and our work easier. All this innovation is amazing, but sometimes it comes with a bit of a price. Have you ever had to teach a parent or …
READ MORE











Building Your Biggest & Best Talent Database with PopBookings


It’s no industry secret that staffing agencies thrive when their talent database is the biggest and best it can be. For years, agencies have struggled to balance recruiting new talent, managing existing staff, and maintaining their complex and …
READ MORE











How This GPS Check-in Feature is Revolutionizing Event Staffing


Staffing events can be a labor intensive process. Many times event staffing agencies will staff events all across a region or nationally. This poses a big fat question: “How can you remotely manage people across different geographical locations?” …
READ MORE











Stop the Stop Payments


Manually processing checks can be a pain especially when you are dealing with hundreds of independent contractors each month. Stamps, addressing envelops, and the dreaded stop payments: it gets pretty messy! Electronically processing payments to your contractors becomes …
READ MORE











Only 30 Days to Gain 50% More Efficiency for Your Promotional Staffing...


Change can overwhelming. For some, it can be downright scary. Some companies will dump you into their platform expecting you to be able to pick up and go. When we are running your entire business off of a …
READ MORE











New Technology is Not Scary


Adopting a new technology system for your business operations might be intimidating, especially if you are not particularly tech-savvy. Fear not! We are here to help. Ever tried to find a phone number for a tech company? It …
READ MORE




12












Request a free demo! 















































 


















































