

Home























 













The wealthy invest differently, at Portland we have recognized this and have made it our mission to provide clients with access to the highest quality private and alternative opportunities typically reserved for the affluent and institutional investors. 































A Differentiated Approach
We firmly believe that, if the needs of the affluent and institutional investor are the same as the wealth-seeking investor, the portfolio profiles should be similar. 

 















in the News



  
Michael Lee-Chin, BNN Interview

                            Billionaire Michael Lee-Chin's role in growing Jamaica's economy
                      
WATCH





  
PCMA Award Winner!

                            Portland Focused Plus Fund LP Wins the 2017 Private Capital Market Association (PCMA) Investment Fund Award
                      
READ

 



 
James Cole in Wealth Professional 

Award-wining fund manager James Cole explains how to navigate through periods of market volatility
                        
READ




















Close




News and Video





















 



















latest news


 
 BNN Interview - Michael Lee-Chin
Billionaire Michael Lee-Chin's role in growing Jamaica's economy

WATCH



 
 PCMA Award Winner!
Portland Focused Plus Fund LP Wins the 2017 Private Capital Market Association (PCMA) Investment Fund Award

READ



 
James Cole in Wealth Professional 
Award-wining fund manager James Cole explains how to navigate through periods of market volatility

READ



news archives




Rules of Wealth - Michael Lee-Chin extols the importance of having a good mix of liquid and illiquid assets in your portfolio
All articles and videos
Michael Lee-Chin appointed the Chairman of the Government of Jamaica’s Economic Growth Council (EGC)
All articles and videos
Why do the CPP's investments look nothing like your RRSP?
Ontario Teachers CIO: We Want 64% or So in Private Assets
Why wealthy families lose their fortunes in three generations
OMERS Sees `Enormous' Opportunities Beyond Stock, Bond Investing
A world awash in private equity The global private equity market is experiencing a major resurgence. “The world right now is awash in private equity money,” says Cameron Belsher, leader of the mergers and acquisitions group with McCarthy Tétrault LLP
CPA Magazine - The secrets to his success - Although coming from modest beginnings, Michael Lee-Chin has learned a thing or two about building wealth — and also how to weather a financial storm.
Investment Executive - Lee-Chin’s plan to ensure your wealthy clients’ children stay that way
Wealth Professional Magazine - A profile of Michael Lee-Chin
Financial Post - To build and maintain wealth, invest like the wealthy - Michael Lee-Chin
Award Winning Portland Private Income Fund
Michael Lee-Chin recognized with Lifetime Achievement Award
Michael Lee-Chin receives the A.G. Gaston Lifetime Achievement Award
Laurier appoints Chancellor Michael Lee-Chin to second term
Portland’s Michael Lee-Chin to win PE bet with $3 bln sale of Columbus
Michael Lee-Chin and Family Donate $10M in support of Joseph Brant Hospital
The mutual fund guru told a select audience of business people and other folks with money to invest Tuesday evening that following five simple rules can help them turn modest wealth into the kind others envy.
His Burlington-based Portland Holdings owns plenty of big-ticket items — including resorts, TV stations, a bank and numerous financial services providers. He says he loves the challenges of working in what he calls the world’s most dynamic industry — investing — but loves the generosity that money affords him even more.
Wealthy Investors Want More Private Equity - While the affluent population has always invested in privately held firms, interest in private equity as an asset class has surged in recent years prompting a commensurate response from the financial community.
Cover Story: "Wealth Can Be Created" The Return of Michael Lee-Chin - 
Renowned billionaire Michael Lee-Chin has a vision.
It’s a vision tied to a philosophy, he says, and has
always been at the heart of his many businesses
and at the root of his prosperity. - Wealth Professional Magazine
The Portland Global Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Fund LP was celebrated as the ‘Investment Fund Deal of the Year’ for providing investors with a unique opportunity to invest alongside supranational institutions and sovereign states in a renewable energy investment strategy.
Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System has posted a 10 per cent return on investments last year, led by private equity and real estate.
Private Equity: How the Rich Stay That Way: Tiger 21 Investment Allocation Index shows high net worth investors seek security and income, while limiting exposure to public equities.
The Globe & Mail - CPPIB’s active investment plan scores big with 16.5% rate of return
ADVISOR.CA - PRIMER ON PRIVATE EQUITY - If your wealthy clients haven't considered private equity, they should. It's uncorrelated to the stock market and has potential for outsized returns.
                   
                   
                   ADVISOR.CA - One-on-one with Michael Lee-Chin: "If the needs of individuals and institutions are the same, shouldn’t the portfolio asset mix be the same?" says Michael Lee-Chin.
                      
                                           BLOOMBERG - Banks Bet on Wealth to Counter Weary Consumers

                      
                                           CNBC - These pension funds made a killing with private equity
                                                                  
                                                                  
                      
                                            The New York Times -  The Case Against Too Much Independence on the Board
                                            
                      
                      The Globe and Mail -  Private equity rewards investors with time and patience
                      
                      The Globe and Mail -  How the Big Six banks won the battle for Canadians’ wealth
                      
                      TIGER 21’s -  Ultrawealthy Investors Beef Up Private Equity Allocation

                      The Wall Street Journal - Piling Into Private Equity


                      Yale Daily News - Investments Office continues to push private equity

                      
                      
                      Investment Executive - Michael Lee-Chin is back with private equity and mutual funds.
                      
                      
                      
                      
                       Private Equity: How the Rich Stay That Way - Tiger 21 Investment Allocation Index shows high net worth investors seek security and income, while limiting exposure to public equities.
                       
                       
                      
                                                     Ultra-wealthy look to Ivy League endowment funds for investment lessons - This Financial Post article relates that the needs of retail and wealthy investors are the same, and so the asset mix should also be the same.



         October, 2012: Canadian Business Magazine - Round 2 for Michael Lee-Chin 
         
                      August, 2012: Advocis Forum Magazine - The Differentiator: Michael Lee-Chin 
                      
                      July, 2012: Private Wealth Magazine - A feature article on Michael Lee-Chin in "Private Wealth Magazine" considering himself himself a “statistical improbability.”  
                      
	 June, 2012: Secrets of the Ultra Wealthy - Portland firmly believes that if the needs of retail and wealthy investors are the same, the asset mix should also be the same.  
	 
     
     June, 2012: Democratizing Wealth Creation - The Globe and Mail writes: "The new twist to Portland’s venture is that of giving retail investors a way to own a piece of private companies."  
	
     September 21, 2011: Chris Wain-Lowe - “The price-to-book comparison is out of line,” said Chris Wain-Lowe, who oversees about $200 million of financial shares at Portland Investment Counsel Inc. in Burlington, Ont. “If an investor has a two-plus-years outlook, when we believe banking will get back to more normal earnings levels, there’s far greater uplift in holding a well-diversified global bank than a Canadian bank.”  
	 
	 March 3, 2011: Michael Lee-Chin - At the Barbados International Business Association (BIBA), Mr. Lee-Chin describes the business of democratizing formerly inaccessible opportunities in order to make it possible for every investor to build a portfolio no different from the wealthy.  
	 
     February 20, 2011: Stock funds that have stood the test of time - Manulife Advantage Fund, managed by Michael Lee-Chin.  
	
     November 14, 2010: Michael Lee-Chin - With the backing of his Can$15-billion fund management empire, called AIC, an estimated US$2 billion in personal net worth, plus an irrevocable claim to Jamaican heritage, Lee Chin must have cast an imperious and intimidating shadow over the negotiating table for an asset that the government was anxious to return to private hands.  
	 November 4, 2010: Michael Lee-Chin - A global economic recession, unpredictable weather-related disasters and a tightening global regulatory regime are some of the adversities being faced by the corporate Caribbean. So an impassioned and personalised presentation by self-made Jamaican billionaire Michael Lee Chin on “How to Persevere in Times of Adversity”, at the recently concluded International Business Week 2010 Conference at the Hilton Barbados came at the right time for many.  
	 August 9, 2010: Michael Lee-Chin - Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is ranked #8 in the August 2010 issue of Black Enterprise: The 40 most powerful African Americans in business-and how they shaped our world.  
	 July 9, 2010: Chris Wain-Lowe - Executive Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Portland Investment Counsel, expects sentiment toward financials to improve by the end of the year. "All the regulatory issues should be out in the open, and people can do their numbers and recognize where the trajectory of growth will come from," says Wain-Lowe  
	 June 17, 2010: Robert Almeida - Mr. Almeida comments on the merger of Sceptre Investment Counsel with privately owned Montreal-based Fiera Capital Inc.  
	 May 7, 2010: Chris Wain-Lowe - Nomura Holdings, Japan's largest brokerage, is embarking on a major global expansion. Chris Wain-Lowe of Portland Investment Counsel in Burlington, Ontario, who oversees his firm's position in Nomura, says the U.S. build-out is "culturally a very similar story to what Lehman was able to achieve in Asia."  
	 April 26, 2010: The Trust for the Americas announces its new board member, renowned Canadian business leader, Mr. Michael Lee-Chin. - "The Trust for the Americas, a non-profit affiliate of the Organization of American States (OAS), is pleased to formally announce its new board member, renowned Canadian business leader, Mr. Michael Lee-Chin. The Jamaican-born Chairman of Portland Holdings Inc., Mr Lee-Chin’s business accomplishments span various countries and numerous sectors."  
	 Monday, April 19, 2010: Chris Wain-Lowe and the American Advantage Fund - The Globe and Mail - “Long-term investors may look back two or three months from now, and possibly see this time as a “buying opportunity” among financials that have been dragged down by the headlines, they suggested."  
	 Friday, April 16, 2010: Michael Lee-Chin's comeback - The Financial Post - “When he sold AIC, Bay Street thought he left the game but the Burlington, Ont.-based firm continues to serve as sub-advisor for about $2.2-billion in assets for the insurance giant and Mr. Lee-Chin is lead portfolio manager of the $550-million Advantage AIC fund. It is up more than 70% since the lows of March 9, 2009, due primarily to its heavy exposure to financials. Wealth-management firms alone made up 63% of the fund at the end of 2009. At approximately 13%, the fund is the second-largest shareholder in AGF Management Inc., the first stock Mr. Lee-Chin bought at AIC in 1987. That commitment to the money-management business has been the mainstay of his investing philosophy ever since."  
	 Friday, April 2, 2010: AIC American Advantage Fund - The Globe and Mail - “Financial services equity funds rose to the top of the performance heap in March after investor concerns over tough U.S. financial reform subsided and bank stocks in Canada also rallied strongly. The group rose an average of 6.1 per cent last month, led by AIC American Advantage with a gain of 7.9 per cent (11.8 per cent in its U.S.-dollar version). The BMO S&P/TSX Equal Weighted Banks Index exchanged-traded fund rose 7.4 per cent."  
	 March 2010: Black Enterprise Magazine: A feature article in Black Enterprise Magazine about "Mega-investor" Michael Lee-Chin's unique philosophy. "Mr. Lee-Chin says that sticking to his investing philosophy and identifying positive qualities within a particular company are keys to successful investing. Lee-Chin’s rationale for favoring asset management business? -- They’re in a strong, long-term growth industry driven by a growing and aging population’s desire to create wealth."  
	 Thursday, January 21, 2010: "Buy fund companies for RRSP investments" - Globe Investor "Confidence is returning for investors, and interest rates are incredibly low. You can tolerate 2-per-cent returns when everything else is going down." says Robert Almeida of Portland Investment Counsel. "DundeeWealth Inc. and AGF Management Ltd. should benefit because they have the highest exposure to equities among the larger firms, while DundeeWealth also has strong sales growth." he said.  
	 Wednesday, January 20, 2010: "Wealth management a winning bet: Lee-Chin" - Advisor's Edge Report - "My investing style can be defined by one word: understand. You buy things that you understand. That hasn't changed since 1987 and if you look at the composition of the Advantage Fund, 60% of the businesses remain in the wealth management space, and that is the business that I grew up on and understand." Michael Lee-Chin  
	 Friday, January 15, 2010: "Canadian leaders that rode the market's rise" - The Globe and Mail - “As the market started to rebound, assets under management went up,” said Robert Almeida, a manager at Portland Investment Counsel Inc. and who co-runs the AIC Advantage Funds. “The market started to recognize that, if you are in a recovering market, the outlook for asset managers is for earnings growth.” Robert Almeida  
	 December 1, 2009: London Free Press Interview with Michael Lee-Chin. He recommends India to savvy investors. Lee Chin said some of the most exciting new opportunities are in the booming economy of India. “It has a young population and a massive middle-class consumer market that is emerging.” He said India is a safer bet than China because it not as dependent on export markets. The AIC Advantage funds has recently invested in Infosys Technologies, an IT consulting firm based in India and the new port of Mundra on the Indian Ocean.  
	 December 2, 2009: Forbes Interview with Michael Lee-Chin. Michael Lee-Chin talks to Forbes about the U.S. dollar, Warren Buffett and investing for the long haul. "What this global economic crisis has highlighted for me is the absolute value of liquidity. My wealth came from growing businesses. I had wealth, but not liquidity. Basically I transferred illiquid shares of AIC for liquid shares of Manulife. Now I'm the biggest individual shareholder of Manulife."  
	 September 28, 2009: Michael Lee-Chin: Unshakable, Canadian Business Michael Lee-Chin persevered through seven years of losses and criticism before he finally sold the company he built. He wouldn't change a thing. Lee-Chin sits down with Canadian Business for a frank conversation. "I think the Advantage Fund is perfectly positioned as a business person would and has positioned it. The Advantage Fund, sir, has 60% of its portfolio invested in wealth management, because it’s the sweet spot in the financial services industry." Michael Lee-Chin  
	 October 21, 2009: James Cole, a Senior Vice-President of Portland Investment Counsel, Globe and Mail
The Canadian retail sector is looking up as the economy begins to climb out of a recession and the jobs outlook improves. "People are selling the defence and buying offence," Mr. Cole said. "I'm going the other way."


 












latest video






Billionaire Michael Lee-Chin's role in growing Jamaica's economy



VIDEO



Video archives


Michael Lee-Chin's keynote presentation to the World Bank/Miami Herald Forum on the Caribbean
Jamaica’s Economic Growth Council Michael Lee-Chin appointed the Chairman of the Government of Jamaica’s Economic Growth Council (EGC)
                                               Press Conference

One-on-one Interview
Rallying a Country to Greatness The first EGC Forum with the Call To Action and Declaration Signing.
ACCESS 2016 Burlington Michael Lee-Chin was the keynote speaker for this hugely successful event in Burlington.
ACCESS 2015 Toronto Michael Lee-Chin was the keynote speaker for this hugely successful event in Toronto.
Michael Lee-Chin Interview on CHCH Discussing managing your money and investments, so they can be shared with future generations
Investing Experts Speaker Series @ Rotman Michael Lee-Chin on “The Wealthy Invest Differently – Opportunities Typically Reserved for Affluent and Institutional Investors”   Highlight   Full Video
Business News Network Michael Lee-Chin, Chair, Mandeville Holdings explains how to build and maintain wealth, and transitioning wealth successfully to future generations. Watch the video here.
ACCESS 2015 in Montréal  The September 2015 Mandeville Holdings’ 2015 Access Speaker Series Event in Montréal was a huge success. Watch the video here.
Black Enterprise interview with Michael Lee-Chin  Michael Lee-Chin recently received the A.G. Gaston Lifetime Achievement Award. Black Enterprise’s highest honour for business excellence. 
ACCESS June 2015 Event   The June 18th Mandeville Holdings’ 2015 Access Speaker Series Event was a huge success. 
Michael Lee-Chin on PBS's "The Wortld Show"   Host Bob Scully conducts one-on-one interviews with some of the world’s most celebrated and influential personalities.
Michael Lee-Chin on CNN  Anthony Bourdain visits north east Jamaica and the Trident Resort properties.
Michael Lee-Chin on CHCH  Michael Lee-Chin joins CHCH in studio to talk about his current speakers series for business owners, Access 2014
Michael Lee-Chin on BNN  "Legendary investor Michael Lee-Chin tells BNN's Amber Kanwar where to find opportunities in today's market."
In an exclusive interview with WealthProfessional.ca, Michael Lee-Chin challenges conventional thinking on public versus private market investment and what if any transparency differences exist.
Michael Lee-Chin makes a presentation to the Organization of the American States (OAS)
Lang & O'Leary Exchange -  Amanda Lang speaks with Investor and philanthropist Michael Lee-Chin about Portland Investment Counsel, his new venture aimed at bringing private equity to the retail investor level.
BNN -
June, 2012 - BNN speaks with Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman, Portland Investment Counsel
Wilfrid Laurier Conversations with Leaders -
April, 2012 - Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman, Portland Investment Counsel - Five Things Wealthy People Do.
Wilfrid Laurier Conversations with Leaders -
April, 2012 - Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman, Portland Investment Counsel - Lead by Example
Wilfrid Laurier Conversations with Leaders -
April, 2012 - Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman, Portland Investment Counsel - Opportunity Knocks
Wilfrid Laurier Conversations with Leaders -
April, 2012 - Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman, Portland Investment Counsel - Success, Complacency, Failure
Wilfrid Laurier Conversations with Leaders -
April, 2012 - Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman, Portland Investment Counsel - Uplifting Others
BNN
June 14, 2012 - Robert Almeida, Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager, Portland Investment Counsel, tells Business Day why investing in wealth management might be a good option. He also discusses the continued good opportunities in India.
BNN
June 12, 2012 - BNN speaks with Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman, Portland Investment Counsel, about his planned return to the mutal fund industry.
Business News Network
September 2, 2011 - Chris Wain-Lowe, VP and Portfolio Manager, Portland Investment Counsel discusses European and North American banking environment. 
Business News Network
July 4, 2011 - Chris Wain-Lowe, VP and Portfolio Manager, Portland Investment Counsel discusses opportunities in European banks. 
Business News Network
June 27, 2011 - Rob Almeida, Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Portland Investment Counsel discusses Opportunities in India. 
AUDIO - Michael Lee-Chin
October 20, 2010 - The Canadian Business Leadership Forum is Canada's premier event for business leaders, sharing first-hand accounts of successful strategies. Michael Lee-Chin was an invited speaker and this is his speech.
Michael Lee-Chin at Canadian Business Leadership Forum
October 2010 - Michael Lee-Chin, Founder and Chairman, Portland Holdings Inc. on Leadership: Creating Opportunities out of Crises. From the Canadian Business Leadership Forum 2010.
Michael Lee-Chin on Leadership
October 2010 - Canadian Business magazine asked Michael Lee-Chin about the role leadership has played in his success and how the concept of leadership is changing over time. From Canadian Business' Portraits in Leadership program.
Business News Network
June 1, 2010 - Michael Lee-Chin discusses his investment philosophy and whether it still holds up in today's turbulent markets. Part 2, Part 3
















press releases



Portland Investment Counsel Inc. (“Portland”) is pleased to announce that, effective May 2017 after several months of working together, the new institutional relationship with Guardian Group is completed. Guardian Group is entrusting Portland to manage its global investments.
Portland Investment Counsel Inc. ("Portland") is pleased to announce that the Portland Focused Plus Fund LP (the "LP"), managed by James Cole, Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager of Portland has won the 2017 Private Capital Market Association of Canada ("PCMA") Investment Fund Award. James personally accepted the award at the PCMA Private Capital Markets Conference on April 20, 2017 at the Toronto Board of Trade. 
Portland Investment Counsel Inc. (“Portland”) is pleased to announce the new relationship with the specialty private equity manager, Newlook Capital Inc. (“Newlook”). Portland Global Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Fund LP (“Portland GEEREF LP”), an investment fund managed by Portland, has initiated an investment in Newlook Capital Industrial Services LP (the “Newlook LP”).

 VIDEO, CLICK HERE - Newlook Capital Inc. 
Portland Investment Counsel Inc. Announces Mutual Fund Risk Rating Change
Portland Investment Counsel Inc. Announces Ability to Offer Reduced
Management Fees For Select Investors. Burlington, Ontario – December 19, 2014 – Portland Investment Counsel Inc. (the
“Manager”), the investment fund manager of Portland Advantage Fund, Portland
Canadian Balanced Fund, Portland Canadian Focused Fund, Portland Global Banks
Fund, Portland Global Dividend Fund and Portland Global Income Fund (collectively the
“Portland Mutual Funds”), announces that, effective January 1, 2015, it will have the
ability to offer a reduced management fee to selected investors of the Portland Mutual
Funds such as investors who invest significant assets in the Portland Mutual Funds or
who have a certain account-type such as a managed account.
Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (the “Fund”) (TSX:
CPM.UN) today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the
Fund will be paid on April 15, 2014 to unitholders of record as of March 31, 2014.
A unitholder that has continually held units since inception will have received a total of $1.35
per unit as of payment date.
Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the Fund will be paid
on January 15, 2014 to unitholders of record as of December 31, 2013.
Portland Investment Counsel Inc. (the “Manager”)
announces that the proposals as announced in the press release of June 25, 2013, have obtained
the requisite approvals and the Manager intends to implement.
Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust
will be paid on October 15, 2013 to unitholders of record as of September 30, 2013.
Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the Fund will be paid
on October 15, 2013 to unitholders of record as of September 30, 2013.
August 22, 2013 – Portland Investment Counsel Inc. announces that the
following proposals as announced in the press release of June 25, 2013 were approved by
unitholders at a special meeting held on August 22, 2013:
• The restructuring of Copernican British Banks Fund CBB:UN, Copernican International
Premium Dividend Fund CPM:UN and Global Banks Premium Income Trust GBP:UN;
and
• The merger of Portland Global Income Fund into Global Banks Premium Income Trust..
Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust
will be paid on July 15, 2013 to unitholders of record as of June 28, 2013.
Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN)
today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the
Fund will be paid on July 15, 2013 to unitholders of record as of June 28, 2013.
Portland Investment Counsel Inc. (the “Manager”) announced
today that a special meeting of the unitholders of Copernican British Banks Fund
CBB:UN, Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund CPM:UN and Global Banks
Premium Income Trust GBP:UN (each a “Closed End Fund”) would be held for the
purpose of considering proposed changes for each Closed End Fund.
Portland provides an opportunity to invest in the Latin American and
Caribbean telecommunications sector
Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust
will be paid on April 15, 2013 to unitholders of record as of March 28, 2013.
A unitholder that has continually held units since inception will have received a total of
$3.17 per unit as of payment date.
Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN)
today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the
Fund will be paid on April 15, 2013 to unitholders of record as of March 28, 2013.
Based upon the prevailing market conditions, it is intended that this quarterly cash
distribution will be maintained at the current level. The distribution rate will be reviewed
within the next 12 months.
A unitholder that has continually held units since inception will have received a total of
$1.15 per unit as of payment date.
Burlington, Ontario –Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust
will be paid on January 15, 2013 to unitholders of record as of December 31, 2012.
A unitholder that has continually held units since inception will have received a total of
$3.13 per unit as of payment date.
                      
                      December 18, 2012:  Burlington, Ontario – Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN)
today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the
Fund will be paid on January 15, 2013 to unitholders of record as of December 31, 2012.
A unitholder that has continually held units since inception will have received a total of
$1.10 per unit as of payment date.
                      

September 18, 2012:  Burlington, Ontario – Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) announced today today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Fund will be paid on October 15, 2012 to unitholders of record as of September 28, 2012. A unitholder that has continually held units since inception will have received a total of $3.09 per unit as of payment date.
 
 
                 September 18, 2012:   Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN) today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the Fund will be paid on October 15, 2012 to unitholders of record as of September 28, 2012. A unitholder that has continually held units since inception will have received a total of $1.05 per unit as of payment date.
 
 
                 August 22, 2012:   Burlington, Ontario – Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) announced today that the following previously announced proposals were approved by unitholders at a special meeting held on August 22, 2012:
•  to extend the termination date of March 31, 2015 for an indefinite period; and
•  to change the investment objectives of the Trust.
For further information, please contact Christopher Wain-Lowe, Portland Investment Counsel Inc. at 905-331-4250.
 

               
                                 June 20, 2012:   Global Banks Premium Income Trust (the “Trust”) (TSX: GBP.UN)today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust will be paid on July 13, 2012 to unitholders of record as of June 29, 2012.
A unitholder that has continually held units since inception will have received a total of $3.05 per unit as of payment date.
In addition, Portland Investment Counsel Inc. (the “Manager”), the manager of the Trust announced that a special meeting of the Trust’s unitholders would be held for the purpose of considering the following proposed changes: to extend the termination date of March 31, 2015 (the “Termination Date”) for an indefinite period; and to change the investment objectives of the Trust.
 
                 June 20, 2012:   Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN) today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the Fund will be paid on July 13, 2012 to unitholders of record as of June 29, 2012.
A unitholder that has continually held units since inception will have received a total of $1.00 per unit as of payment date.

                 June 6, 2012:   Burlington, Ontario – Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman of Portland Investment Counsel
Inc. is excited about the future prospects for re-entering the mutual fund business in accordance
with its non-compete obligations to Manulife Financial Inc. which end September 30, 2012.
               
                 March 12, 2012:   Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust
will be paid on April 13, 2012 to unitholders of record as of March 30, 2012.
 
 March 12, 2012:   Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN)
today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the
Fund will be paid on April 13, 2012 to unitholders of record as of March 30, 2012.
               
                                                                                                                                                 December 19, 2011:   Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust
will be paid on January 13, 2012 to unitholders of record as of December 30, 2011.
 
               
                                                                                                                                 December 19, 2011:   Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN)
today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the
Fund will be paid on January 13, 2012 to unitholders of record as of December 30, 2011.

 September 20, 2011:   Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN)
today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the
Fund will be paid on October 14, 2011 to unitholders of record as of September 30, 2011.

 September 20, 2011:   Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust
will be paid on October 14, 2011 to unitholders of record as of September 30, 2011.

 June 20, 2011:   Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust will be paid on July 15, 2011 to unitholders of record as of June 30, 2011.

 June 20, 2011:   Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN) today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the Fund will be paid on July 15, 2011 to unitholders of record as of June 30, 2011.

 March 22, 2011:   Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX: CPM.UN)
today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.05 per unit of the
Fund will be paid on April 15, 2011 to unitholders of record as of March 31, 2011.

 March 22, 2011:   Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust
will be paid on April 15, 2011 to unitholders of record as of March 31, 2011.
 
 
 February 28, 2011:   Portland Investment Counsel Inc., the Manager of
North American Dividend Plus Fund (the “Fund”) is pleased to announce that the Fund
has filed and has received a receipt from the securities regulators of all the Canadian
provinces and territories for the preliminary prospectus dated February 25, 2011 for the
initial public offering of units (“Units”) of the Fund at a price of $12.00 per Unit.
 
 
 December 20, 2010:   Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today
announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust
will be paid on January 14, 2011 to unitholders of record as of December 31, 2010.
 
 
 
 December 13, 2010:  Copernican World Banks Income and Growth Trust (TSX:CBK.UN) And European Premium Dividend Fund (TSX:EPD.UN) Announce Completion Of Mergers

Portland Investment Counsel Inc. announced today the following previously announced mergers were completed December 10, 2010:
 
Copernican World Banks Income and Growth Trust (TSX:CBK.UN) merged into Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX:GBP.UN); and
 
European Premium Dividend Fund (TSX:EPD.UN) merged into Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund (TSX:CPM.UN).
 November 29, 2010:  Copernican World Banks Income and Growth Trust and European Premium Dividend Fund Announce Approval of Proposed Mergers

Portland Investment Counsel Inc. announced today the following previously announced mergers were approved by securityholders at meetings held November 26, 2010:
 
Copernican World Banks Income and Growth Trust CBK:UN to merge into Global Banks Premium Income Trust GBP:UN; and
 
European Premium Dividend Fund EPD:UN to merge into Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund CPM:UN.
 September 22, 2010:  Copernican International Premium Dividend Fund To Introduce Quarterly Distributions

Copernican World Banks Income And Growth Trust CBK:UN And European Premium Dividend Fund (EPD:UN) Announce Proposed Mergers
 
 September 21, 2010:  Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust will be paid on October 15, 2010 to unitholders of record as of September 30, 2010.
 
 June 21, 2010:  Global Banks Premium Income Trust (TSX: GBP.UN) today announced that a quarterly cash distribution in the amount of $0.04 per unit of the Trust will be paid on July 15, 2010 to unitholders of record as of June 30, 2010. 
               
                                 May 19, 2010:  RBC Dexia today announced it has been chosen by Portland Investment
Counsel to provide custody and fund administration services to the closed end investment funds for
which AIC Limited is the Manager and Portland Investment Counsel Inc. is the Investment Manager. 
                               
               
                 March 3, 2010:  Global Banks Premium Income Trust today announced that it intends to make quarterly cash distributions on its Trust Units.  
               
                 December 18, 2009:  COPERNICAN BRITISH BANKS FUND
SPECIAL INCOME DISTRIBUTION 
 December 18, 2009:  EUROPEAN PREMIUM DIVIDEND FUND SPECIAL INCOME DISTRIBUTION 
 December 18, 2009:  COPERNICAN INTERNATIONAL PREMIUM DIVIDEND FUND SPECIAL INCOME DISTRIBUTION 
 December 3, 2009:  Portland Investment Counsel Inc. announced today a change in the company organization 
 
 
                 November 13, 2009:  Portland Investment Counsel announces closed end fund changes
 
 
                 September 25, 2009:  Portland Investment Counsel announces sub-advisory agreement and fund changes  
 
 
             August 12, 2009:  Portland announces agreement to sell AIC holding to Manulife
                      
                      
                    








Portland Value Fund





















 


















Portland Value Fund



portfolio manager
Michael Lee-Chin, B.Eng., LLD (Honorary)
Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Portfolio Manager
Mr. Lee-Chin has over 35 years industry experience.  
More


portfolio manager
Dragos Berbecel, CFA, MBA
Portfolio Manager
Dragos has 18 years of experience, both as an investment professional and a business executive.
More

in the news

BNN
BMO eyes $1.3-billion offer for Britain’s F&C Asset Management
BLOOMBERG
Banks Bet on Wealth to Counter Weary Consumers
FINANCIAL POST
CIBC seeking to boost profit from wealth management.
FINANCIAL SERVICES
How the Big Six banks won the battle for Canadians’ wealth





 fund details


Fund Net Assets
$0.5 million


CIFSC* Asset Class
Global Equity


Risk Tolerance
Medium



KEY reasons to invest

Experienced portfolio manager has practiced focused value investing for more than 25 years.
Growth potential.
Co-invest alongside eminent capital allocators.
Diversification benefits (alternative strategy).
 

how the fund is managed

Focused investing in a limited number of globally domiciled quality equity securities with an emphasis towards large capitalization, high liquidity and, what we believe are, undervalued securities. 
Invest in companies which have the potential of increased returns due to activist investor campaigns.
 

portfolio composition

Businesses led by eminent  capital allocators.
Businesses being transformed by eminent capital allocators (activist investors).
Opportunities that prevail now.
 

POTENTIAL RISKS
The Manager believes the following risks may impact the performance of the Fund: active management risk, concentration risk, currency risk, equity risk, derivatives risk and credit risk. Please read the “Risk Factors” section in the Simplified Prospectus for a more detailed description of all the relevant risks.


geographic allocation   As at June 30, 2017   
 
sector allocation
    As at June 30, 2017  
 


Top Holdings   As at June 30, 2017 

 Nomad Foods Limited	 12.3%
 Liberty Global PLC LiLAC	 11.2%
 Whitecap Resources, Inc.	 10.3%
 Pershing Square Holdings, Ltd. 	 8.7%
 Restaurant Brands International Inc.	 8.4%
 Brookfield Business Partners L.P.	 8.3%
 Crescent Point Energy Corp.	 8.2%
 Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  7.9%
 Brookfield Asset Management Inc.	 7.8%
 Baytex Energy Corp.	 6.8%
 Linamar Corporation	 5.4%
 Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.	 2.7%
 Cash	 2.1%













more resources

Features and Benefits
Fund Application
Fund Facts
Proxy Voting Records
Financial Statements



fund codes
- Fundserv Management Company Code: “PTL”
                            

















company briefs of Possible Holdings






 

Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP

                                        One of the largest multinational owners and operators of long-life, high quality infrastructure assets.
                                    




 

Brookfield Property Partners LP

                                        A multinational commercial real estate owner, operator and investor.
                                    




 

Cable and Wireless Communications PLC

                                        A full-service telecommunications company offering mobile services and mobile data, broadband services and fixed line communications services to over 5.6 million residential customers.
                                    




 

Crescent Point Energy

                                        An intermediate oil and gas exploration and production company based in Canada with large oil-in-place assets.
                                    




 

Northland Power Inc.

                                        An independent power producer (IPP) with a focus on developing, owning and operating power generation facilities in thermal, wind and solar energy areas.
                                    











 DISCLAIMER

* Canadian Investment Funds Standards Committee

        1 Other Net Assets (Liabilities) refers to all other assets and liabilities in the Fund excluding portfolio investments.
        2 Where the Fund holds less than 25 holdings, all investments have been disclosed. There may be other assets and liabilities which are not included, and therefore the summary does not add up to 100%
3  Generally available through dealers who have entered into a Portland Series F Dealer Agreement.
                  4  Annualized.


        RISK TOLERANCE
Risk tolerance measures the degree of uncertainty that an investor can handle regarding fluctuations in the value of their portfolio. The amount of risk associated with any particular investment depends largely on your own personal circumstances including your time horizon, liquidity needs, portfolio size, income, investment knowledge and attitude toward price fluctuations. Investors should consult their financial advisor before making a decision as to whether this Fund is a suitable investment for them. 
Commissions, trailing commissions, management fees and expenses all may be associated with mutual fund investments.  The indicated rates of return are the historical annual compounded total returns including changes in units [share] value and reinvestment of all distributions [dividends] and do not take into account sales, redemption, distribution or optional charges or income taxes payable by any security holder that would have reduced returns. The rates of return are used only to illustrate the effects of the compound growth rate and are not intended to reflect future values of the mutual fund or returns on investment in the mutual fund. Mutual funds are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated.
 Information presented in this material should be considered for background information only and should not be construed as investment or financial advice. Please consult a Financial Advisor. Every effort has been made to ensure the utmost accuracy of the information provided. Information provided is believed to be reliable when posted. All information is subject to modification from time to time without notice. Consent is required for any reproduction, in whole or in part, of this piece and/or of its images and concepts. Please read the Prospectus before investing. PORTLAND, PORTLAND INVESTMENT COUNSEL and the Clock Tower Design are registered trademarks of Portland Holdings Inc. Used under licence by Portland Investment Counsel Inc.










Company Profiles





















 





















company profiles

The following is a list of companies Portland Investment Counsel may invest in:



ABB ltd.
ABB is a leading global engineering firm, specialized in power and automation technologies.
The company founding dates back to 1883, when Asea AB of Sweden was created to excel
in the “generation and application of electric power”, and 1891, when Brown Boveri & Cie
was initiated to manufacture motors and generators. The two companies merged in 1988
to form Asea Brown Boveri, which changed its name to ABB in 1996. The company was a
dual listed company until 1999 and it has been since its formation a key player in the electric
infrastructure industry.
                
AT&T INC.
AT&T Inc. (AT&T) is a holding company that is focused on providing a broad range of telecommunication services to its customers. The products and services provided by AT&T include wireless communications, local telephone, long-distance, data/broadband and Internet, video, telecommunications equipment, managed networking, wholesale, directory advertising and publishing services.
Bank of America
Bank of America Corporation is headquartered in Charlotte, NC and operates in all 50 states of the US and more than 40 countries. Provides a diversified range of banking and non-banking financial services which it delivers and reports the results of its operations through six business segments: Deposits; Global Card Services; Home Loans & Insurance; Global Commercial Banking; Global Banking & Markets and; Global Wealth Management with the remaining operations recorded in “All Other”. On January 1, 2009 the corporation acquired Merrill Lynch & Company Inc.
               
Barclays
 In challenging market conditions, Barclays has benefited from its diversified business base. The investment made, particularly in its international businesses, are driving strong income performance and allowing the Group to absorb the consequences of the economic downturn. Its capital base is stronger and it has significantly reduced leverage.
                
Bayer AG
 Bayer AG is a multinational concern with main interests in healthcare, agribusiness
and high-tech materials through its Bayer HealthCare, Bayer CropScience and Bayer
MaterialScience subgroups.
               
BCE
BCE Inc. is a leading telecommunications operator in Canada, providing communication solutions to residential, business and wholesale customers. BCE has 7.9 million subscribers, 5 million access lines, 2.3 million broadband customers, and 2.4 million video subscribers.
                
BHP Billiton
 BHP Billiton is the largest miner worldwide. The company reached most of its current size through
the merger of BHP, listed on the Australian stock exchange, with Billiton, listed in London, UK. The
entity thus formed is a dual listed company, with roughly 60% of the shares listed in Australia and
the remainder listed in UK. The company’s global headquarters are in Melbourne, Australia and
employs 41,000.
                
BNP Paribas SA
BNP Paribas SA (”BNP”) is a European leader in global banking and financial services and one of the strongest banks in the world. Present across Europe through all its business lines, BNP has four domestic retail banking markets in France, Italy, Belgium and Luxembourg. It has one of the largest international networks with operations in more than 80 countries and 204,600 employees, including over 162,000 in Europe, 15,000 in North America, 12,000 in Asia, 4,000 in South America and 9,000 in Africa. BNP has key positions in its three core businesses: Retail Banking, Corporate & Investment Banking and Investment Solutions. In 2006, BNP acquired BNL, Italy’s then 6th largest bank and in 2009 took control of Fortis Bank and BGL (Banque Generale du Luxembourg) thereby creating a European leader in retail banking.
               
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (BIP) is one of the largest multinational owners and operators of long-life, high quality infrastructure assets.
               
Brookfield Property Partners LP
Brookfield Property Partners LP (BPY) is a multinational commercial real estate owner, operator and investor. BPY possesses a diversified portfolio including interests in over 400 office and retail properties encompassing approximately 260 million square feet.
               
Cable and Wireless Communications PLC
Cable & Wireless Communications plc (CWC) is a full-service telecommunications company offering mobile services and mobile data, broadband services and fixed line communications services to over 5.6 million residential customers. CWC is headquartered in London, UK, and employs 4,000 people. CWC operates in 17 countries in the Caribbean, Latin America and the Seychelles. Founded in Great Britain in the 1870s, CWC was formed through the demerger of Cable & Wireless plc in 2010.                               
CK HUTCHISON HOLDINGS LTD 01- HK
CK Hutchison Holdings (CKH Holdings) is a global conglomerate that owns operating units in over 50 countries, while Cheung Kong Property Holdings (CK Property) is one of the largest property companies listed in Hong Kong.                              
Crescent Point Energy
Crescent Point Energy Corp. (CPG)
is an intermediate oil and gas exploration
and production company based in Canada with large oil-in-place assets in
Viewfield Bakken, Shaunavon, Beaverhill Lake and Viking plays in Western
Canada (Saskatchewan and Alberta).                               
Distinct Infrastructure Group Inc.
Distinct Infrastructure Group Inc. (“Distinct”) has 250 employees in 5 offices across Ontario and Western Canada that are focused on offering responsive, safe, and turnkey infrastructure solutions to telecommunication and cable companies, electrical providers and government operated utilities.
               
HSBC Holding PLC
HSBC Holdings PLC is a banking and financial services organization. Its international network
comprises some 7,500 offices in 87 countries and territories in Europe; Hong Kong; rest of Asia-
Pacific, including the Middle East and Africa; North America, and Latin America. HSBC manages
its business through two customer groups: Personal Financial Services and Commercial Banking
and two global businesses Global Banking and Markets, and Private Banking.
               
HUTCHISON WHAMPOA
 Hutchison Whampoa Limited (HWL) is a leading international corporation committed
to innovation and technology with businesses spanning the globe. Its diverse array of
holdings range from some of the world’s biggest port operators and retailers to property
development and infrastructure to the most technologically-advanced and marketing-savvy
telecommunications operators. HWL reports turnover of approximately HKD301 billion
(USD39 billion) for the year ended 31 December 2009. With operations in 54 countries and
approximately 220,000 employees worldwide.
               
Johnson & Johnson CO.
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is a leading diversified multi-national healthcare corporation which provides high quality products that enhance the health and well-being of human beings.
                
JPMorgan Chase & CO.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPMorgan) is one of the most prominent global financial services firms with worldwide assets of US $2.5 trillion.
                
National Australia Bank
It is the largest Australian bank-based financial services group and among the world’s
top 30, by market capitalization, engaged primarily in retail banking, wholesale
banking and wealth creation/protection management.
               
National Grid
National Grid plc (NG) principal operations are the ownership and operation of
regulated electricity and gas infrastructure networks in the United Kingdom and the
United States serving around 19 million customers directly and many more indirectly.
It also has interests in related markets, including electricity interconnectors, metering
services, liquefied natural gas (LNG) importation facilities and property in the United
Kingdom.
              
Nestle
Nestlé SA is involved in the manufacturing and commercialization of a large selection of packaged food and beverage products including: powdered and liquid beverages, water, milk products and ice cream, nutrition and health science, prepared dishes and cooking aids, confectionery and pet care.
                
Nordea Bank
Nordea headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, is the largest financial services group in
the Nordic markets (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden) measured by total income
with additional operations in Poland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania which Nordea
refers to as its ‘New European Markets.’
                
Northern Trust
Northern Trust is a leading provider of investment management, asset and fund administration, fiduciary and banking solutions for corporations, institutions and affluent individuals. The Group’s principal activities are the provision of trust, commercial banking and investment management services to domestic and international institutional clients. The Group provides services through two units namely Corporate and institutional services unit and Personal financial services unit.
                
Northland Power Inc.
Northland Power Inc. is an independent power producer (IPP) with a focus on developing, owning and operating power generation facilities in thermal, wind and solar energy areas. As of June 30, 2013, the company had 20 facilities in operation, totaling 1,335 megawatts (MW) of installed capacity, of which 974MW is thermal generation (natural gas or combined cycle natural gas), 280MW is wind generation and 81MW is solar generation.
                
Petrowest Corporation
Petrowest Corporation (“Petrowest”) is involved in both industrial and civil infrastructure projects, as well as pre-drilling and post-completion energy services, gravel crushing and hauling for non-energy sector customers.

Procter & Gamble Company
Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) is a leading multinational corporation which provides highly competitive consumer packaged goods.

Prudential PLC
Prudential is focused on life assurance and asset management in the U.K., U.S. and
across the Asian region. In the U.S.

Royal Bank of Canada
The Royal Bank of Canada’s principal activity is to provide personal and commercial
banking, wealth management services, insurance, corporate and investment banking
and transaction processing services on a global basis.

Royal Dutch Shell PLC
Royal Dutch Shell plc is one of the world’s largest independent oil and gas companies in terms of market capitalization, operating cash flow and production. Its diversified portfolio consists of some of the world’s most innovative energy projects, from the deepest offshore oil and gas field on earth to the largest floating liquefied natural gas production facility.

Santander
Santander focuses on retail banking and is the euro zone’s largest bank and Latin America’s
leading financial group. It is also pushing other high growth potential businesses such as
consumer finance, wholesale banking, insurance and private banking.

Siemens AG
Siemens is a diversifi ed engineering group with major interests in industrial infrastructure, energy and
healthcare and operations in about 190 countries. Through its industry sector, the Group is involved in
industrial automation, drive technology, building technologies, lighting, industry solutions and railway.
Through its energy sector, the Group operates in fossil power generation, renewable energy, oil and gas
infrastructure, power transmission and power distribution. Through its healthcare sector, the Group is
present in diagnostics, clinical information technology systems and imaging technologies. The Group is
headquartered in Munich, Germnany, and currently employs about 405,000 people.

SP AusNet
SP AusNet has 100% ownership and operates an electricity transmission network across the Australian state of Victoria, as well as electricity distribution and gas distribution networks in and around Melbourne, Victoria. SP AusNet was publicly listed on the Australian and Singapore stock exchanges in December 2005. SP AusNet plays a vital role in the energy supply industry of Victoria, delivering a full range of energy related products and services to industrial and domestic customers. The group is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia, and employs 1,500.

Standard Charter
One of the world’s oldest (150 years) and most international banks with a network of
over 1,750 branches and outlets and 75,000 employees (115 nationalities) in more than
70 countries and territories across the globe, leading the way in Asia, Africa and the
Middle East with only 2,000 employees based in the UK.

Suncor Energy Inc.
Suncor Energy Inc. (Suncor) is Canada’s single largest producer of crude oil from oil sands. In 2009, Suncor acquired
Petro-Canada for $20 billion in stock. Suncor is a fully integrated energy company with refineries in both Canada and the
United States and approximately 1,800 gas stations, primarily under the Petro-Canada banner. Suncor is also a significant
producer of natural gas largely to hedge its own consumption of gas in the oil sands production process. The company has
five principal business segments: oil sands, refining and marketing, East Coast Canada, international and natural gas. In
2010, the first full year after acquiring Petro-Canada, Suncor is expected to produce approximately 550,000 barrels of oil
equivalent (boe) per day, comprised about 58% crude oil and bitumen from oil sands, 20% international, 10% East Coast
Canada, 9% from its natural gas segment and 3% from conventional crude oil and natural gas liquids.

Swedbank AB
Swedbank AB consists of six business areas: Retail, Large Corporates & Institutions, Baltic Banking, Russia & Ukraine, Asset Management and Ektornet. Swedbank maintains a low risk level. A vast majority of exposures are in mature markets such as Sweden. Good risk diversification is achieved through a broad base of customers and businesses from many different industries. The bank also maintains a sustainable balance between lending and deposits in all its markets. Customers cash flow, solvency and collateral are always the key lending variables.

Syngenta
Syngenta is the largest global agribusiness, leading the crop protection sector and claiming the third spot in seeds sales. Formed through the merger of the agribusiness divisions of Novartis and Zeneca in the fall of 2000 the Company underwent a process of product rationalization and realized significant synergies.

Tesco
Tesco is a leading U.K. and international food retailer. It has over 2,100 stores in the U.K.
and operates 746 stores in Europe, 814 in Asia and 53 in the U.S.A. The Group’s strategy
focuses on five elements: (i) be an international retailer; (ii) maintain a strong core U.K.
business; (iii) be as strong in non-food as food; (iv) develop retailing services; and (v) put
the community at the heart of what Tesco does.

Toronto-Dominion
The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries are collectively known as TD Bank Financial
Group (TD). TD is Canada’s second-largest bank by assets and market capitalization and is a
leading North American Financial Services Company. TD operates four businesses in a number
of locations in financial centers around the globe.

Touchstone Exploration Inc.
Touchstone Exploration Inc. (“Touchstone”), formerly Petrobank Energy and Resources Ltd., is an oil and gas exploration and production company. Touchstone’s operations exist in Trinidad and Canada. 

TransAlta Renewables Inc.
TransAlta Renewables Inc. (“TransAlta Renewables”) is a power producer domiciled in Canada with managed power facilities across Canada, an economic interest in a wind farm in Wyoming and structured ownership in a core set of Australian assets.

Visa
The Visa name has become one of the best recognized financial services brands in the world
with a global footprint which extends to more than 170 countries, since the inception of the first Visa card in 1958.

Vodafone Group
Vodafone Group Plc is the world’s leading mobile telecommunications company, with a
significant presence in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific and the United States
through the Company’s subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures, associated undertakings and
investments.

Wells Fargo
Wells Fargo & Company is a diversified financial services company. It provides retail,
commercial and corporate banking services through banking stores. It provides other
financial services through subsidiaries engaged in various businesses, principally
wholesale banking, mortgage banking, consumer finance, equipment leasing, agriculture
finance, commercial finance, securities brokerage and investment banking, insurance
agency and brokerage services, computer and data processing services, trust services,
investment advisory services and venture capital investment. It operates in three segments:
Community Banking, Wholesale Banking and Wells Fargo Financial. On December 31,
2008 it successfully completed its acquisition of all of Wachovia Corporation’s banking
operations.

Wesfarmers Ltd.
Founded in 1914, Wesfarmers’ initial scope and purpose was the provision of services and merchandise
to Western Australia’s rural community, specifically: wool and wheat merchandising, grain and
fruit exporting, oil distribution and a public radio station.




















Regulatory





















 




















Regulatory documents




Fund facts

PDF ENGLISH




PDF FRENCH







Simplified Prospectus

PDF ENGLISH



PDF FRENCH







Annual Information Form

PDF ENGLISH



PDF FRENCH







IRC Biographies

PDF Independant Review Committee






IRC Report to Security Holders

PDF December 31, 2016
PDF September 30, 2016




PDF FRENCH
















 DISCLAIMER
Commissions, trailing commissions, management fees and expenses all may be associated with mutual fund investments.  The indicated rates of return are the historical annual compounded total returns including changes in units [share] value and reinvestment of all distributions [dividends] and do not take into account sales, redemption, distribution or optional charges or income taxes payable by any security holder that would have reduced returns. The rates of return are used only to illustrate the effects of the compound growth rate and are not intended to reflect future values of the mutual fund or returns on investment in the mutual fund. Mutual funds are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated. Information presented in this material should be considered for background information only and should not be construed as investment or financial advice. Please consult a Financial Advisor. Every effort has been made to ensure the utmost accuracy of the information provided. Information provided is believed to be reliable when posted. All information is subject to modification from time to time without notice. Consent is required for any reproduction, in whole or in part, of this piece and/or of its images and concepts. Please read the Prospectus or Offering Memorandum before investing. PORTLAND INVESTMENT COUNSEL and the Clock Tower Design are trademarks of Portland Holdings Inc.










Contacts




















 




















find us

View Larger Map



1375 Kerns RoadSuite 100Burlington, ONL7P 4V7
Toll Free:1-888-710-4242
Telephone:(905) 331-4242
WebWWW.PORTLANDIC.COM
E-mail:  info@portlandic.com



 
 persons with disabilities
If you have any questions about our Customer Service Standards policies, practices and procedures, or require documentation, please email: 
                            info@portlandic.com 

Customer Service Policy Statement
Providing Services to People with Disabilities (click on the PDF icon below)




get in touch
CLIENT SERVICES
You can contact Client Services:
1375 Kerns Road, Suite 100 
                            Burlington, Ontario L7P 4V7 
                            Toll Free: 1-888-710-4242 (Press #1)
                            Tel: (905) 331-4242  (Press #1)
                         	Email: ClientServices@portlandic.com
 
PROCESSING DEPARTMENT
Fax: 1 866 816 1662 
 
PRODUCT INFORMATION
Please call:
Chris Wain-Lowe, Chief Investment Officer, Executive Vice President and Portfolio Manager, or
Dragos Berbecel, Portfolio Manager
Toll Free: 1-888-710-4242 
                            Tel: (905) 331-4242 
                            Fax: (905) 319-4939 
                             
Discretionary Portfolio Management and Exempt Market Dealer Services
Please call:
Anton Burtsev, Portfolio Manager, or
Mehran Shahriar, Dealing Representative
Toll Free: 1-888-710-4242 
                            Tel: (905) 331-4242 
                            Fax: (905) 319-4939 
                             
Complaint Handling
Please click here for more information
 
general inquiries
Email: info@portlandic.com or use the form below:
                            
                            
                            


 Contact form submitted!  We will be in touch soon. 



Name
*This is not a valid name. *This field is required.




Email
*This is not a valid email address. *This field is required.




Phone
*This is not a valid phone number. *This field is required.




Message
*The message is too short. *This field is required.




Clear
Send




















Portland Investment Counsel Inc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 7:22 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Portland Investment Counsel Inc



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Portland Investment Counsel Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, high net worth individuals, Canadian investment funds, and Non-US offering memorandum products. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also manages mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm was founded in 1987 and is based in Burlington, Canada. Portland Investment Counsel Inc operates as a subsidiary of Portland Holdings Inc.


1375 Kerns RoadSuite 100Burlington, ON L7P 4V7CanadaFounded in 1987



Phone: 905-331-4242

Fax: 905-319-4939

www.portlandinvestmentcounsel.com







Key Executives for Portland Investment Counsel Inc




Mr. Michael Anthony Lee-Chin OJ, Hon. LL.D., B.Sc.,B.Eng.


      	Chief Executive Officer, Portfolio Manager, and Executive Chairman
      


Age: 66
        







Mr. Kevin James Gould


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Frank Henry Xavier Laferriere


      	Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President, and Director
      








Mr. Christopher J. Wain-Lowe


      	Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. James Cole FCA, CFA 


      	Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2251442 Ontario Inc. Americas 26 Broadway Capital Corp. Americas 4Front Capital Partners, Inc. Americas 888 Capital Group Americas A Nihmey & Associates Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Portland Investment Counsel Inc, please visit www.portlandinvestmentcounsel.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Portland Investment Counsel Inc. - PMAC



Portland Investment Counsel Inc. - PMAC
























































Skip to content

















for investors









View Firm Profile
Back to search








Portland Investment Counsel Inc.


Address

								1375 Kerns Road, Suite 100																                                    
									Burlington,
									Ontario									L7P 4V7
								
								                                    
									(905) 331 - 4242								
								
								                                

									info@portlandic.com                                


									www.portlandic.com                                

Principal Contacts

									Diana Oddi                                    
									Manager, Corporate Affairs                                    
								
								                                    Tel: (905) 331 - 4250									                                        ext 4321																	
								                                    

										doddi@portlandholdings.com                                    

									Frank Laferriere                                    
									Senior Vice-President & COO                                    
								
								                                    Tel: (905) 331 - 4250									                                        ext 4309																	
								                                    

										flaferriere@portlandic.com                                    

									Nadine Milne                                    
									Acting Chief Compliance Officer                                    
								
								                                    Tel: (905) 331 - 4250									                                        ext 4689																	
								                                    

										nmilne@portlandic.com                                    
Client Minimums

																
																	Private: $500,000								                            
							Institutional: $500,000
							                            
Types of Accounts Managed

Private Individual / Investor
Institutional Investor - Other

Provinces of Business

Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario*
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Northwest Territories
United States
International - Non-North American

* indicates a physical location in this province



PORTLAND INVESTMENT COUNSEL
At Portland Investment Counsel, we believe that by adhering to our strict investment discipline and value-investing philosphy, we will continue to meet the long-term wealth creation needs of individual and institutional investors.
The Portland Difference:
The difference between speculating and investing can be distilled down to one word, “Understand”. At Portland Investment Counsel we have a unique history dating back to 1986 of being Owners, Operators and Investors in excellent businesses globally. Our unique “hands on” operational experience in businesses across various sectors, allows us to thoroughly understand the businesses in which we invest in. We know what makes a successful business and, as importantly, the underlying risks. Therefore, we measure and assess potential investments with incisive judgment. We are committed to the principles of disciplined long term investing. With Michael Lee-Chin’s advisor roots going back to 1977, Portland Investment Counsel is committed to the principles of disciplined long term investing.
Investment Philosophy:
All of our investments are aligned with the following philosophy:

Own a few high-quality businesses
that you thoroughly understand,
that are domiciled in strong, long-term growth industries,
that use other people’s money, prudently,
that are bought at attractive valuations and held as long as the company remains high quality and at a reasonable valuation.


The Portland Approach:
We have garnered a reputation for being a long-term shareholder and for taking significant positions in investee companies.
We believe that wealth should be invested in a manner that is more aligned with the principles followed by successful institutions and wealth creators.
Our clients are used to a business culture that is entrepreneurial, focused and passionate. Their organization was fully transparent and had full visibility to all aspects of the enterprise and its performance. They are focused on the daily revenues, costs and earnings and not on the price for which he could sell it each and every day.
Consistent with this belief, we work with our clients to build portfolios that:

    Preserve capital
    Earn attractive returns
    Provide desired income
    Minimize taxes






















	Portland Investment Counsel















 














Login








Username:
Password:
Remember me on this computer





















Portland Investment Counsel Launches New FundsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Portland Investment Counsel Launches New FundsMarketwireNovember 8, 2012ReblogShareTweetShareBURLINGTON, ONTARIO--(Marketwire - Nov. 8, 2012) - Portland Investment Counsel Inc. today announced the launch of four mutual funds and one alternative fund.  Mutual Funds     • Portland Advantage Fund     • Portland Canadian Focused Fund     • Portland Canadian Balanced Fund     • Portland Global Income Fund           Alternative Fund     • Portland Focused Plus Fund LP  Portland Advantage Fund, Portland Canadian Focused Fund and Portland Canadian Balanced Fund will seek to own concentrated portfolios of superior businesses for the long term, similar to the strategies of successful wealth creators.The Portland Global Income Fund combines the power of dividend investing with active and passive management for investors looking for a comprehensive income product.The investment objective of Portland Focused Plus Fund LP is to achieve, over the long term, preservation of capital and a satisfactory return. The Fund will be focused on investing in a limited number of long securities positions; and leverage by purchasing securities on margin.Future OfferingsGoing forward, Portland also plans to launch more private/alternative products that will invest in private businesses spanning the spectrum of industries, including mortgage and commercial loans, oil and gas, telecommunications, real estate, power plants, shipping ports and airports."There is a systemic dysfunctionality in the way portfolios are constructed for the retail client due to a lack of access to private equity, and I see an opportunity to change it," Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman, Portfolio Manager, CEO and CIO, says. He continues: "I am seeking to democratize the opportunities that have previously been the purview of wealthy investors and institutions like pension funds."About Portland Investment CounselCommitted to the principles of disciplined long-term value investing, Portland Investment Counsel provides investment advisory and portfolio management services and products to individual private clients and to institutional investors across Canada. With roots dating back to 1987, Portland offers customized portfolios drawing on expertise in equity and fixed income management.Portland Investment Counsel is a subsidiary of Portland Holdings Inc., a global holding company comprised of a diverse group of businesses across various sectors including media, tourism, health care, telecommunications and financial services.More information about Portland Investment Counsel is available at www.portlandic.com and information on Portland Holdings Inc. is available at www.portlandholdings.com.ReblogShareTweetSharePopular in the CommunityEmily Ratajkowski Poses Poolside in Perplexing Cutout Top767 reactions7%71%22%Eight bodies found in overheated truck in a Walmart in Texas924 reactions4%76%20%Liev Schreiber Took His Son to Comic-Con Dressed as Harley Quinn2,605 reactions5%63%32%Trump suggests Republicans should ‘protect their president’10,307 reactions5%64%31%Venezuela’s symphony of protests171 reactions6%68%26%The Note: Jared Kushner caught up in Russia probe8 reactions0%89%11%Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1500 reactions3%80%17%German Girl Who Joined ISIS in Iraq Speaks: 'I Just Want To Go Home'616 reactions4%67%29%Young Reds fan gets angry with Dee Gordon, kicks him in the shin1,323 reactions4%63%33%This Man Became Severely Disfigured After a Barbershop Mishap — Complete Strangers Helped Change His Life168 reactions7%72%21%Amazing images of light under desert archways129 reactions14%77%9%Texas tractor-trailer incident called 'horrific' case of human smuggling25 reactions2%62%36%Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC206 reactions8%68%24%Trump son-in-law Kushner denies collusion with Russia410 reactions2%73%25%This former bodybuilder’s photo of herself after gaining 25 lbs. has a beautiful, body-positive message233 reactions11%62%27%Report: Kyrie Irving believes LeBron James leaked trade request408 reactions3%78%19%Trump son-in-law Kushner denies collusion with RussiaDavid: Who I wonder will our next president be?   Someone from a trailer park?  Oh, I think we already have a whole family of such folks in the White House already.Join the Conversation1 / 5410










Portland Global Aristocrats Plus Fund

























 


















Portland Global Aristocrats Plus Fund



portfolio manager
Chris Wain-Lowe, BA, MBAChief Investment Officer, Executive Vice-President and Portfolio Manager
Chris Wain-Lowe has 35 years of business management and global financial services experience – living and working in four continents: Europe, Asia, Africa, North America as well as the Caribbean, which also embraced corporate experience in the energy, natural resources and utility industries.
More

how the fund is managed

Common shares of large global companies with attractive dividend-payout ratios and a history of rising dividends over the long term, selected primarily from the members of the S&P Europe 350 Dividend Aristocrats, the S&P 500® Dividend Aristocrats and the S&P/TSX Dividend Aristocrats
Primarily investment grade preferred shares of North American companies   
Partially hedging the Fund’s non Canadian Dollar exposures
Utilizing low cost borrowing to purchase securities on margin and facilitate opportunistic investments during market volatility and irrational market valuations



investment objective
The investment objective of the Portland Global Aristocrats Plus Fund is to provide income and achieve, over the long term, preservation of capital and a satisfactory return.
To achieve this investment objective, the Fund will employ the following core techniques:  

Time in the Market: investing in a diversified portfolio of securities positions focused on growing dividends; and
Timing the Market: prudent use of leverage by purchasing securities on margin.  


KEY reasons to invest
Time in the Market

The power of dividend investing combined with the benefits of global investing and asset class diversification for the potential to reduce volatility


Monthly distributions, targeting 5.0% per annum for Series F and 4.0% per annum for Series A based on the opening price of $50 - intended to be fully funded, plus potential for capital appreciation4

Timing the Market

Use of leverage to enhance the power of dividends


Embedded product leverage is non-recourse to individual investors


the offering
Please see the Offering Memorandum for fees and specific details on the offering.
OFFERING MEMORANDUM

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT









fund details
                    
 - As at June 30, 2017


Introduction Date
June 30, 2016


Fund type				
Alternative Strategies


Offer document			
Offering Memorandum


Legal type				
Unit Trust


Eligible for registered plans	
Yes


Eligible for PAC Plans	
Yes, monthly minimum of $500


Purchases and redemptions	
Monthly


Valuation Frequency		
Available daily on Portland's website


Minimum investment term		
None


Notice period for redemptions	
None


Redemption fee			
None


Transaction processing			
Fundserv


Administrator			
CIBC Mellon Global Securities Services Company


Prime broker			
RBC Dominion Securities Inc.


Auditor			
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


Legal counsel		
Borden Ladner Gervals LLP



fund facts by series




Series
A
F1


Min. initial investment, accredited investors2
$2,500
$2,500


Min. initial investment, non-individuals3
$150,000
$150,000


Min. subsequent investment
$500
$500


Management fee
2.00%
1.00%


Fundserv code
PTL720
PTL725



POTENTIAL RISKS
The Manager believes the following risks may impact the performance of the Fund: leverage, highly volatile markets, interest rate changes, equity risk, and currency and exchange rate risk.  Please read the “Risk Factors” section in the Offering Memorandum for a more detailed description of all the relevant risks.  


geographic allocation   As at June 30, 2017   
 
sector allocation
  As at June 30, 2017  
 
Top Holdings   As at June 30, 2017 

 ECN Capital Corp., 6.25% June 30, 2022	 5.7%
 SPDR S&P Global Dividend ETF	 5.2%
 Royal Dutch Shell PLC	 4.2%
 Nordea Bank AB   4.0%
 iShares MSCI World ETF	 3.8%
 Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp.	 3.8%
 The Bank of Nova Scotia, Preferred, Series 38, Fixed-Reset	 3.2%
 Bank of Montreal, Preferred, Series 38, Fixed-Reset	 3.2%
 Westcoast Energy Inc., Preferred, Series 12, Fixed-Reset	 3.2%
 Brookfield Asset Management Inc., Preferred, Series 46, Fixed-Reset	 3.2%
 Enbridge Inc., Preferred, Series 17, Fixed-Reset	 3.2%
 TransCanada Corporation, Preferred, Series 15, Fixed-Reset	 3.2%
 Brookfield Office Properties Inc., Preferred, Series EE, Fixed-Reset	 3.1%
 Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P., Preferred, Series 5, Fixed-Reset	 3.1%
 AltaGas Ltd. Preferred, Series K, Fixed-Reset	 3.1%
 Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P., Preferred, Series 11, Fixed-Reset	 3.1%
 Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P., Preferred, Series 7, Fixed-Reset	 3.1%
 National Bank of Canada, Preferred, Series 38, Fixed-Reset	 3.0%
 Brookfield Office Properties Inc., Preferred, Series GG, Fixed-Reset	 3.0%
 Bank of Montreal, Preferred, Series 42, Fixed-Reset	 3.0%
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Preferred, Series 45, Fixed-Reset	 3.0%
 BHP Billiton PLC	 2.9%
 Fortis Inc.	 2.8%
 Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.	 2.5%
 Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P., Preferred, Series 9, Fixed-Reset	 2.5%













more resources

Why Choose Portland?





















company briefs of Possible Holdings






 

AT&T INC.

                                        A holding company that is focused on providing a broad range of telecommunication services to its customers.
                                    




 

BCE

                                        A leading telecommunications operator in Canada, providing communication solutions to residential, business and wholesale customers.
                                    




 

Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP

                                        One of the largest multinational owners and operators of long-life, high quality infrastructure assets.
                                    




 

Brookfield Property Partners LP

                                        A multinational commercial real estate owner, operator and investor.
                                    




 

Johnson & Johnson

                                        A leading diversified multi-national healthcare corporation which provides high quality products that enhance the health and well-being of human beings.
                                    




 

Nestlé

                                        The largest food producer in the world accounting for roughly 6% of the sector.
                                    




 

Procter and Gamble

                                        A leading multinational corporation which provides highly competitive consumer packaged goods.
                                    











 DISCLAIMER
1. Generally available through dealers who have entered into a Portland Series F Dealer Agreement.
2. Accredited Investors as defined under National Instrument 45-106.
3. For investors who are not Accredited Investors, the additional investment must be in an amount that is not less than $500 if the investor initially acquired Units for an acquisition cost of not less than $150,000 and, at the time of the additional investment, the Units then held by the investor have an acquisition cost or a net asset value equal to at least $150,000, or another exemption is available.
4. The Manager reserves the right to change the targeted annual distributions at its discretion.
5. Values are shown as a percentage of total assets (portfolio investments) and does not take into account other net assets (liabilities).
Risk tolerance measures the degree of uncertainty that an investor can handle regarding fluctuations in the value of their portfolio. The amount of risk associated with any particular investment depends largely on your own personal circumstances including your time horizon, liquidity needs, portfolio size, income, investment knowledge and attitude toward price fluctuations. Please read the “Risk Factors” section in the Offering Memorandum for a more detailed description of all the relevant risks. 
Commissions, trailing commissions, management fees and expenses all may be associated with investments. The indicated rates of return are the historical annual compounded total returns including changes in unit value and reinvestment of all distributions and does not take into account sales, redemptions, distributions or optional charges or income taxes payable by any securityholder in respect of a participating fund that would have reduced returns. Funds are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated.
 
The Portland Global Aristocrats Plus fund (the “Fund”) is not publicly offered. It is only available under Offering Memorandum and other exemptions to investors who meet certain eligibility or minimum purchase requirements such as “accredited investors”. You will only be permitted to purchase Units if your purchase qualifies for one of these exemptions. A list of criteria to qualify as an accredited investor is set out in the subscription agreement delivered with the Offering Memorandum and generally includes individuals who have net assets of at least $5,000,000, or financial assets of at least $1,000,000, or personal income of at least $200,000, or combined spousal income of at least $300,000 in the previous two years with reasonable prospects of same in the current year, or an individual registered under the securities legislation of a jurisdiction of Canada as a representative of a registered adviser or dealer.
Information herein pertaining to the Fund is solely for the purpose of providing information and is not to be construed as a public offering in any jurisdiction of Canada. The offering of Units of the Fund is made pursuant to an Offering Memorandum and the information contained herein is a summary only and is qualified by the more detailed information in the Offering Memorandum. 
        

Portland Investment Counsel Inc. has not independently verified all the information and opinions given in this material. Accordingly, no representative or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the information and opinions contained in this material. Information presented in this material should be considered for background information only and should not be construed as investment or financial advice. Please consult a Financial Advisor. Every effort has been made to ensure the utmost accuracy of the information provided. Information provided is believed to be reliable when published. All information is subject to modification from time to time without notice. Consent is required for any reproduction, in whole or in part, of this piece and/or of its images and concepts. PORTLAND, PORTLAND INVESTMENT COUNSEL and the Clock Tower Design are registered trademarks of Portland Holdings Inc. Used under license by Portland Investment Counsel Inc.








Portland Investment Counsel Launches New FundsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Portland Investment Counsel Launches New FundsMarketwireNovember 8, 2012ReblogShareTweetShareBURLINGTON, ONTARIO--(Marketwire - Nov 8, 2012) -  Portland Investment Counsel Inc. today announced the launch of four mutual funds and one alternative fund.  Mutual Funds     • Portland Advantage Fund     • Portland Canadian Focused Fund     • Portland Canadian Balanced Fund     • Portland Global Income Fund           Alternative Fund     • Portland Focused Plus Fund LP  Portland Advantage Fund, Portland Canadian Focused Fund and Portland Canadian Balanced Fund will seek to own concentrated portfolios of superior businesses for the long term, similar to the strategies of successful wealth creators.The Portland Global Income Fund combines the power of dividend investing with active and passive management for investors looking for a comprehensive income product.The investment objective of Portland Focused Plus Fund LP is to achieve, over the long term, preservation of capital and a satisfactory return. The Fund will be focused on investing in a limited number of long securities positions; and leverage by purchasing securities on margin.Future OfferingsGoing forward, Portland also plans to launch more private/alternative products that will invest in private businesses spanning the spectrum of industries, including mortgage and commercial loans, oil and gas, telecommunications, real estate, power plants, shipping ports and airports."There is a systemic dysfunctionality in the way portfolios are constructed for the retail client due to a lack of access to private equity, and I see an opportunity to change it," Michael Lee-Chin, Executive Chairman, Portfolio Manager, CEO and CIO, says. He continues: "I am seeking to democratize the opportunities that have previously been the purview of wealthy investors and institutions like pension funds."About Portland Investment CounselCommitted to the principles of disciplined long-term value investing, Portland Investment Counsel provides investment advisory and portfolio management services and products to individual private clients and to institutional investors across Canada. With roots dating back to 1987, Portland offers customized portfolios drawing on expertise in equity and fixed income management.Portland Investment Counsel is a subsidiary of Portland Holdings Inc., a global holding company comprised of a diverse group of businesses across various sectors including media, tourism, health care, telecommunications and financial services.More information about Portland Investment Counsel is available at www.portlandic.com and information on Portland Holdings Inc. is available at www.portlandholdings.com.ReblogShareTweetSharePopular in the CommunityEmily Ratajkowski Poses Poolside in Perplexing Cutout Top767 reactions7%71%22%Eight bodies found in overheated truck in a Walmart in Texas924 reactions4%76%20%Liev Schreiber Took His Son to Comic-Con Dressed as Harley Quinn2,606 reactions5%63%32%Trump suggests Republicans should ‘protect their president’10,308 reactions5%64%31%Venezuela’s symphony of protests171 reactions6%68%26%The Note: Jared Kushner caught up in Russia probe8 reactions0%89%11%Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1500 reactions3%80%17%Young Reds fan gets angry with Dee Gordon, kicks him in the shin1,324 reactions4%63%33%Snooty, oldest Florida manatee in captivity, dies at 69109 reactions5%64%31%This Man Became Severely Disfigured After a Barbershop Mishap — Complete Strangers Helped Change His Life168 reactions7%72%21%Amazing images of light under desert archways129 reactions14%77%9%Texas tractor-trailer incident called 'horrific' case of human smuggling25 reactions2%62%36%Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC206 reactions8%68%24%Ivanka Trump Misquoted Einstein And The Internet Loves It1,637 reactions5%67%28%Trump son-in-law Kushner denies collusion with Russia413 reactions2%73%25%This former bodybuilder’s photo of herself after gaining 25 lbs. has a beautiful, body-positive message233 reactions11%62%27%Trump son-in-law Kushner denies collusion with RussiaDavid: Who I wonder will our next president be?   Someone from a trailer park?  Oh, I think we already have a whole family of such folks in the White House already.Join the Conversation1 / 5413









需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




	History of Founder
































Home



About Us



Investment Philosophy



Operating Sectors



Holdings



Contact








History





Philanthropy





In The News













History of Founder













Founder's Timeline of Success













Corporate Citizenship













Rotman School of Management





National Commercial Bank Jamaica (NCB)













Press Releases





Media Articles





Economic Growth Council





Video













Media





Consumer Goods





Tourism





Health Care





Financial Services













Banking





Investment Advisory Services





Investment Product Managers















Home   >  About Us  >  History  >  History of Founder

History of Founder


Michael Lee-Chin, Chairman, Portland Holdings
View video biography
Michael Lee-Chin, President and Chairman of Portland Holdings (Portland), is widely regarded as a visionary entrepreneur whose philosophy of “doing well and doing good” has resulted in extraordinary business success and inspiring philanthropic initiatives.  

Born in Port Antonio, Jamaica in 1951, Michael 
immigrated to Canada in 1970 to study civil engineering at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. After beginning post‑graduate studies, Michael decided to explore career opportunities within the mutual fund industry. At the age of 26, 
Michael became a financial advisor and, with growing success, progressed to the position of branch manager.
In 1983, at the age of 32, Michael borrowed money to purchase $500,000 of Mackenzie Financial stock. After four years the stock appreciated seven-fold. Michael used the profits to make his first acquisition, a small Ontario-based investment firm called AIC Limited. At that time, Advantage Investment Counsel (a division of AIC Limited) had assets under management of just $800,000. Within 20 years, AIC grew from less than $1 million and – at its business peak – held more than $15 billion in assets under management. In September 2009, AIC’s retail investment fund business was sold to Manulife. Today, Michael remains firmly committed to creating wealth for investors as Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Portfolio Manager of Portland Investment Counsel Inc., an investment fund manager, portfolio manager and exempt market dealer. 
As the founder of Portland, Michael’s business accomplishments span various countries and numerous sectors.  
At the helm, Michael has established an investment philosophy and guiding principles for each of the companies under Portland. Although some companies may not have possessed strong balance sheets or a guiding framework prior to acquisition by Portland, it has been under Michael’s stewardship that each of these companies has come to display the following attributes:



Solid returns on equity;
Positioned in a long-term growth industry;
Entrepreneurial, competitive and hard-working management;
Potential to be a global leader;
Possessing competitive advantages (for example, brands, relationship networks, licenses, etc.); and
Possessing quality tangible assets.

Portland currently owns a collection of diversified businesses, operating in sectors that include financial services, consumer goods, waste management, tourism, insurance, agriculture and media. 
Portland is committed to “Building Strong Indigenous Businesses”.  Equally important, these businesses must also seek to improve the social well‑being of the communities in which they operate. Michael formally established as the Portland mantra – “prosperitas cum caritate” – which in Latin speaks to his goal that businesses must “not only do well, but also do good” – that is the measure of success.
Following the acquisition of AIC Limited in 1987, Michael set about developing the Berkshire group of companies – comprising an investment planning arm, a securities dealership, and an insurance services operation. Under Michael’s stewardship, Berkshire was able to amass more than $12 billion in assets under administration by 2007. At that time, Berkshire had grown to form a network of 750 financial advisors operating in 250 offices across Canada. In 2007, Manulife acquired the Berkshire group of companies.
In 2002, Portland’s interests expanded internationally with the acquisition of National Commercial Bank Jamaica Limited (NCB) and its subsidiaries. Under Michael’s stewardship, NCB is now the largest bank in Jamaica with cumulative profits of US$1.26 billion from 2004 to 2015. NCB today stands as Jamaica’s largest financial services provider with 35 branches, over 2,500 employees, and offices in Trinidad & Tobago, Barbados, the Cayman Islands and the United Kingdom. NCB was awarded Global Finance Safest Bank 2015; World Finance Best Commercial Bank Jamaica 2015; The Banker – Bank of the Year 2015 Jamaica. In 2011, The Banker Magazine, a publication of Financial Times in London, ranked NCB 3rd in the world for return on capital in its survey of “Top 1,000 Banks” making NCB among the world’s premiere lending institutions. Also important is the bank’s reputation as a leader in corporate citizenship. Since 2003, the Bank, through its philanthropic arm, the N.C.B. Foundation, has provided financial support in excess of J$1Bn directly impacting the lives of over 160,000 Jamaicans. 
In May 2016, NCB announced the acquisition of 29.99% shareholding in Guardian Holdings Limited (GHL).  GHL is the leading insurer in the Caribbean region. GHL subsidiaries include life insurers, health and pension insurers, brokerage services, property and casualty insurers and insurance brokerage services in Trinidad & Tobago, Curacao, Aruba, Netherlands and Jamaica. This transaction is a significant event in the financial services sector in the Caribbean.
In 2005, Portland partnered with Risley Group to form Columbus International Inc. (Columbus) Columbus is a diversified telecommunications company whose core operating business is providing cable television services, high speed internet access, digital telephone and internet infrastructure services (retail) and, the development of an undersea fiber optic cable network as well as the sale and lease of the telecom capacity provided by the network (wholesale). Columbus operates in 22 countries throughout the Caribbean and Latin America. In 2015 Cable & Wireless Communications, Plc (C&W) acquired Columbus.  C&W was acquired by Liberty Global in 2016.
In the tourism sector, Michael has guided Portland through a number of acquisitions in the Caribbean. Among them, the Trident Villas and Spa, Trident Castle, Reggae Beach and Blue Lagoon all located in Jamaica.
Michael along with the Portland Private Equity team currently manage the Caribbean Basin’s largest private equity vehicle, AIC Caribbean Fund (ACF).  AIC Caribbean Fund is a USD225 million, 2007 vintage growth equity fund.  Portland Private Equity also manages Portland Caribbean Fund II (PCF II) which had a first closing of USD100 million of capital commitments in July 2014 and has a target size of USD250 million.  Limited Partners of PCF II include:  the private sector arm of the World Bank, European institutional investors, Export Development Canada and other well-known institutional investors.  ACF and PCF II invest in key sectors such as telecommunications, financial services and energy generation.
In July 2016, Portland JSX Limited (PJX) had the largest initial public offering (IPO) of ordinary shares ever on the Jamaica Stock Exchange.  The IPO provided an exposure that is new to the Jamaican market place, as investors were able to diversify their investment portfolio across country, sector and currency.  PJX is managed by the Portland Private Equity Team and is a limited partner of PCF II. 
In 2012 through Mandeville Holdings Inc., a subsidiary of Portland Holdings, Michael started assembling a diversified group of wealth management companies that includes: Portland Investment Counsel Inc., Mandeville Private Client Inc. (an investment dealer), Mandeville Wealth Services Inc. (a mutual fund and exempt market dealer) and Mandeville Insurance Services Inc. (life insurance).
Wallenford Limited, a subsidiary of Portland Holdings, began the process of acquiring Wallenford Coffee Company in 2013 from the Jamaican Government. Wallenford historically has been the largest cultivator of Jamaica Blue Mountain and Jamaica High Mountain coffee. 
Among his many personal accomplishments, in October 2008, Michael was awarded one of Jamaica’s highest national honours; the Order of Jamaica for his significant contributions in business and philanthropy. Michael has received Doctor of Laws degrees from a number of distinguished universities including: McMaster University, University of Toronto, Northern Caribbean University, Wilfrid Laurier University, the University of the West Indies and York University. From 2011-2016, Michael held the position of Chancellor of Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. Michael was appointed Chair of the Government of Jamaica’s newly established Economic Growth Council (EGC). In an effort to bolster economic development, Michael is tasked with leading a team from the private and public sectors, to advise the Government of Jamaica on the adoption of a framework of growth initiatives. 
Download Biography »







				                    Disclaimer
			                    

|


				                    Sitemap
			                    


		                ©2007
			            Portland Holdings Inc. All rights reserved.
				    









