


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















National Pen® Official Site | Promotional Products Since 1966














































  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  
























Quick Shopping Links

Toggle Links



 Quick Shopping Links   National Pen Brand  Buy 1, Get Some Free  Sales & Closeout New Products  Best Selling Products  Rush Service  Full Color Designs 









Submit









Personalized Pens  Retractable Pens Plastic Pens Metal Pens Gel Ink Pens Blue Ink Pens BIC & National Pen  Bags  Tote Bags Coolers  Drinkware  Travel Mugs Water Bottles  Office  Magnets Letter Openers  Auto & Home  Key Chains Flashlights  Stationery  Note Pads Sticky Notes Calendars  Popular Brands  BIC PaperMate Uni-Ball Sharpie KOOZIE 







xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!
































 Popular Searches    Contour Pens Squiggle Pens Colorama Pens Cirrus Pens     DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Superball Pen Flashlight Pens     Custom Selfie Stick Key Chain Flashlight  Stylus Pens BIC Pens     Tech Gadgets Budget Friendly Products Low Minimum Pens All Promotional Products    




National Pen®  - Your #1 source for promotional products and personalized pens
National Pen®  offers high quality personalized products at factory-direct pricing.  In business over 45 years, we manufacture and assemble many of our promotional products in the USA.  Advertise your business by imprinting your company name or logo on personalized pens, key chains, note pads, magnets, calendars, mugs, tote bags & more.  Personalized promotional products are perfect for trade show giveaways, customer appreciation, corporate events, and marketing your brand.




























+Close
Join Our Email List


Join our list to be the first to know about new products, special offers, sales and more!
Plus, get 15% off  your next order.


Email:


First Name:


Last Name:


Cancel


                            You can opt out at anytime. Please refer to our Privacy Policy
 or Contact Us
 for more details












XClose
Survey





















PositiveID Corporation™ (OTCQB: PSID) | PositiveID 























 













 






  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  














PositiveID Corporation™ (OTCQB: PSID)


Advanced biological detection and diagnostic solutions for homeland security and global healthcare needs.
PositiveID Corporation™ (OTCQB: PSID) is a life sciences tools and diagnostics company specializing in biological detection and molecular diagnostic systems for America's homeland defense and the global healthcare market. PositiveID specializes in the development of microfluidic systems in order to detect biological threats and outbreaks, whether airborne, in a healthcare setting, or at the point of need through its ExcitePCR subsidiary. PositiveID is also a leader in the mobile technology vehicle market through its E-N-G Mobile Systems subsidiary. 
 

 






  



  Technology
 

PositiveID develops biological detection and diagnostics systems, including its M-BAND and Firefly Dx systems, which use real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) chemistry.  PCR amplifies a sample’s DNA and copies it billions of times.
PCR is used every day to diagnose diseases, identify bacteria and viruses, and for many other applications. With real-time PCR, the amplification of the DNA can be measured as it occurs, thereby speeding up the ability to deliver results.
Real-time PCR is one of the most sensitive and specific bio-detection capabilities available today.

Read more >>




 



  Products
 

PositiveID develops biological detection and diagnostics systems, including its M-BAND and Firefly Dx technologies.
MFS began developing complex microfluidic systems to perform sample processing and purification for the Defense Advanced Projects Agency (DARPA).
It then developed a similar system, including a thermal cycler for polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis for the US Army's Edgewood Chemical and Biological Command (ECBC). 

Read more >>
 
 




 



  News
 


 Wednesday, July 26, 2017
PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems' Bookings for First Half of 2017 Up 158% from First Half of 2016
Read more >>
  

 Tuesday, July 18, 2017
PositiveID Reports Second Consecutive Quarter of Significant Sales Growth for its Caregiver Thermometer
Read more >>
  

 Thursday, July 6, 2017
PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems Launches New Marketing Video
Read more >>
  

 Wednesday, June 28, 2017
PositiveID Announces Highlights for the First Half of 2017
Read more >>
  

 Thursday, June 22, 2017
PositiveID Completes Development of its Caregiver Thermometer with Bluetooth
Read more >>
  

















Technology | PositiveID 























 













 






  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  








 

Technology


Research and White Papers




 





Technology

PositiveID develops biological detection and diagnostics systems, including its M-BAND and Firefly Dx systems, which use real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) chemistry.  PCR amplifies a sample’s DNA and copies it billions of times. PCR is used every day to diagnose diseases, identify bacteria and viruses, and for many other applications. With real-time PCR, the amplification of the DNA can be measured as it occurs, thereby speeding up the ability to deliver results. Real-time PCR is one of the most sensitive and specific bio-detection capabilities available today.  
A critical and highly complicated step prior to performing real-time PCR is sample preparation. PositiveID’s patented sample prep technologies use ultrasonic lysis for the rupture of tough cellular membranes.  The lysed sample is then microfluidically passed through a purification apparatus that isolates and purifies nucleic acid. The Company’s expertise in sample prep is reflected by its strong intellectual property position.
The Company began developing complex microfluidic systems to perform sample processing and purification for the Defense Advanced Projects Agency (DARPA). It then developed a similar system, including a thermal cycler for polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis for the US Army's Edgewood Chemical and Biological Command (ECBC).
PositiveID's microfluidic technology replaces robotics with integrated microfluidics, reducing cost and increasing reliability. Its microfluidic technology also automates and increases the effectiveness of key sample processing steps used today on the laboratory bench-top, into a closed, automated system. The embedded devices perform cell lysis (including difficult spores) in less than one minute at low power, nucleic acid purification along with inhibitor removal and pre-concentration of the nucleic acids up to factors of 1000X within minutes. These processes all occur autonomously within a fully contained disposable microfluidic cartridge. 
 

 



















Corporate | PositiveID 























 













 






  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  








 

Corporate


About Us
Management
Board of Directors
Board of Advisors




 





Corporate


​About Us
Management
Board of Directors
Board of Advisors

 

 



















E-N-G Mobile Systems | PositiveID 






















 
















 

Our Business


Firefly Dx
M-BAND
Caregiver®
E-N-G Mobile Systems




 





E-N-G Mobile Systems


E-N-G provides specialty vehicle manufacturing for mobile labs, emergency response trailers, mobile command centers,TV news vans and trucks, and other special purpose vehicles.
E-N-G is a leading U.S. manufacturer of specialized vehicles that are field friendly and field tough. Major applications include mobile TV broadcasting, microwave and satellite uplink trucks, emergency response vehicles, communications command and control, surveillance vans, mobile environmental, medical, dental, and health laboratories and clinics, mobile cellular phone vehicles, infrared testing, and many other applications. E-N-G also provides mobile analytical triage centers to insulate central labs from pandemic outbreaks.

Over the past 25 years, E-N-G Mobile Systems has pioneered numerous engineering and design breakthroughs for the mobile TV News industry, earning a reputation for innovation and creativity. Its product line was broadened to include vehicles for mobile laboratories as well as specialty mobile vehicles for testing of cellular telephone infrastructure and infrared testing applications. In addition, E-N-G has recently become a leader in developing and producing vehicles for Homeland Security applications.
E-N-G Mobile Systems is proud to be an innovative producer of a diverse line of mobile technology products. Its ability to take sophisticated, complex ideas, and translate them into user friendly, easy to operate mobile systems, is at the core of the company's continued success.
 

 


















Press Releases & Media | PositiveID 























 













 






  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  














Press Releases & Media


 

 














Results in for PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID) Key Product























































































































 







Skip to content





   











 


 Search for:


Search












Breaking News  New Home Sales Up ...July 26, 2017 Markets Waiting on Possible Fed Move ...July 26, 2017 Oil Higher on Lower Stockpiles ...July 26, 2017 Fed Keeps Rates Unchanged ...July 27, 2017 Lower Stockpiles Supports Higher Oil Prices ...July 27, 2017
prev
next
 
















Results in for PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID) Key Product 

 

0100PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID)
Thermomedics Inc., a subsidiary of PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID), reported its second consecutive quarter of significant unit sales growth for its Caregiver thermometer. PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID) reported revenues for Medical Devices segment, which consists of sales of Caregiver, for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, totaling $95,000 and $71,000, respectively. The markets met the news by sending up shares of PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID) by over 30% over the following two days after the sales announcement.
Daily Candle Bar Graph for $PSID
PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID) is a life sciences tools and diagnostics company. PositiveID develops proprietary biological detection and diagnostics systems and seeks to protect the intellectual property. PositiveID specializes in the development of microfluidic systems for the automated preparation of and performance of biological assays. The company is also a leader in the mobile technology vehicle market, with a focus on the laboratory market and homeland security.
The FDA-approved Caregiver thermometer is a professional grade, infrared thermometerused to measure forehead temperatures without the need for contact with the subject. It delivers an oral-equivalent temperature directly from the forehead in one to two seconds. Since there is no skin contact and Caregiver does not require probe cover supplies, it reduces the risk of cross-contamination and saves healthcare facilities the cost of thermometer covers. At $0.10 per temperature, storage space, and waste disposal costs, it is estimated that Caregiver can save $250 or more per year per device in probe cover supplies alone. The aggregate savings amount per hospital could easily reach into the tens of thousands of dollars.
I have no positions in any of the stocks mentioned, and have no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. All information, including any data, is provided without any guarantees of accuracy.
Don’t miss out! Stay informed on $PSID and receive breaking news on other hot stocks by signing up for our free newsletter!
About the author: Steve Clark is a 23-year Wall St professional with stints in M&A, risk management, and algorithm trading. Steve keeps his head in the game by looking for, and writing about, small companies that often get overlooked by the big investment firms.




 

Author: Steve Clark

			Steve Clark is a 23-year Wall St professional with stints in M&A, risk management, and algorithm trading. Steve keeps his head in the game by looking for, and writing about, small companies that often get overlooked by the big investment firms.			
				View all posts by Steve Clark			








Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 


 


 Live World Indices are powered by Investing.com
ADVERTISEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 

Newsletter Sign Ups

Featured Post





 


Posted in:
Featured



                  Investors Run from Envoy Group Corp (OTCMKTS:ENVV)                









Popular
Recent
 



 

 

 


















































Home
Focus Stocks
Market Movers
Business
Technology
Energy & Mining
About Us
 













































  PSID:OTC US Stock Quote - PositiveID Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  PositiveID Corp   PSID:US   OTC US        0.027USD   0.006   17.88%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   0.030    Day Range   0.025 - 0.040    Volume   824,746    Previous Close   0.033    52Wk Range   0.010 - 495.000    1 Yr Return   -99.99%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.030    Day Range   0.025 - 0.040    Volume   824,746    Previous Close   0.033    52Wk Range   0.010 - 495.000    1 Yr Return   -99.99%    YTD Return   -98.71%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -1,387.638    Market Cap (k USD)   103.081    Shares Outstanding  (m)   3.804    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.00    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change -0.68%     Industry Health Care Equipment & Services   % Price Change -1.07%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/26/2017   PositiveID’s E-N-G Mobile Systems’ Bookings for First Half of 2017 Up 158% from First Half of 2016     7/18/2017   PositiveID Reports Second Consecutive Quarter of Significant Sales Growth for its Caregiver Thermometer     7/6/2017   PositiveID’s E-N-G Mobile Systems Launches New Marketing Video     6/28/2017   PositiveID Announces Highlights for the First Half of 2017     6/22/2017   PositiveID Completes Development of its Caregiver Thermometer with Bluetooth    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   PositiveID Corporation manufactures radio frequency identification products used to identify, track, and protect people and their assets. The Company makes both health ids and security ids.    Address  1690 South Congress AvenueSuite 200Delray Beach, FL 33445United States   Phone  1-561-805-8008   Website   www.positiveidcorp.com     Executives Board Members    William J Caragol  Chairman/CEO/Interim CFO    Lyle L Probst  PRESIDENT/CEO:ExcitePCR    Gary O Hara  CTO:Thermomedics    Allison F Tomek  Senior VP:Corp Development/IR     Show More         


PositiveID Corporation Presents Offer to Acquire Digital Angel Corporation at 60 Percent Premium (OTC:PSID)
























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Sep 16, 2010



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF


PositiveID Corporation Presents Offer to Acquire Digital Angel Corporation at 60 Percent Premium
Sep 16, 2010 (GlobeNewswire via COMTEX News Network) -- 
  Complementary Technologies Would Create New Revenue Opportunities and
Leader in Unique Medical and Veterinary Products Including Rapid Medical
        Testing for Humans, Animals and Food Safety Applications



   Merger is Expected to be Accretive to PositiveID Stockholders With
                  $35-$40 Million in Combined Revenue


DELRAY BEACH, Fla., Sept. 16, 2010 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- PositiveID Corporation ("PositiveID" or the "Company") (Nasdaq:PSID) announced today that it has presented an offer to the Digital Angel Corporation ("Digital Angel") (Nasdaq:DIGA) board of directors to purchase all the outstanding shares of Digital Angel common stock for $0.60 per share, representing a 60 percent premium to Digital Angel's average closing price for the 20 trading days ending on September 14th. Based upon this price, PositiveID proposes to exchange 0.67 share of its common stock for each outstanding share of Digital Angel. The merger is expected to be immediately accretive to PositiveID. PositiveID believes the benefits of the proposed merger include: 
  --  Marketing synergies: PositiveID believes that its healthcare development
      products and technologies would provide a new platform for growth for
      Digital Angel's animal identification business and differentiate it from
      its competitors. Digital Angel's animal identification business
      currently has a limited product offering. The Company believes its
      healthcare development products can be used for animal health and food
      safety applications, particularly its GlucoChip(TM) and virus detection
      system, making the combined company a leader in animal health and food
      safety.
  --  Expanded product line: PositiveID believes that having a larger product
      line would make it a more valuable supplier to its customer base. The
      combination of PositiveID's healthcare products under development,
      primarily focused on diabetes management and rapid virus detection,
      combined with Digital Angel's animal identification business, a
      long-established leader in the industry, should make the combined
      company a more important vendor to its customers due to an expanded
      product offering.
  --  Expanded intellectual property: The combined company's portfolio of
      intellectual property would make it one of the leaders in the sector,
      providing it with a platform to continue to develop new products and
      enter strategic partnerships.
  --  Significant cost savings, accelerating the path to profitability:
      PositiveID believes the proposed merger would provide significant
      operating and financial synergies enabling the companies to eliminate
      approximately $2 million in duplicative costs.
  --  Improved competitive position through strengthened balance sheet: As of
      June 30, 2010, PositiveID had cash and cash equivalents of $5.4 million
      and no debt. The merger would also add approximately $35 million in
      annual revenue to PositiveID.


"We believe there are compelling benefits from the merger of PositiveID and Digital Angel. Combining the two companies would expand their product portfolios, increasing revenue opportunities and making Digital Angel a clear leader in animal health solutions and food safety, while simultaneously significantly reducing many of the public company expenses that each company currently incurs," said Scott R. Silverman, Chairman and CEO of PositiveID. "We believe the merger will not only provide operating synergies to each business, but, importantly, provide greater value to the respective companies' stockholders." Below is the text of the letter that PositiveID sent to Digital Angel's Board of Directors: September 15, 2010 VIA EMAIL AND OVERNIGHT DELIVERY Board of Directors Digital Angel Corporation 490 Villaume Avenue South St. Paul, MN 55075 Attention: 
Daniel E. Penni, Chairman Attention: Joseph J. Grillo, Chief Executive Officer Dear Members of the Board: I am writing to you, on behalf of the Board of Directors of PositiveID Corporation ("PSID"), to outline the terms on which PSID proposes to acquire all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Digital Angel Corporation ("DIGA"). Over the last several months, we have made repeated attempts to engage in substantive discussions with you concerning a business combination, and we have been disappointed that you have not been willing to continue these conversations. Specifically, you have advised that your Board of Directors decided not to pursue further discussions despite an offer representing a significant premium to DIGA's current market capitalization.  We believe strongly that a combination between PSID and DIGA will offer significant value to DIGA and PSID 
stockholders. We are writing this letter to demonstrate both our enthusiasm for the proposed transaction and our commitment to pursue a combination with DIGA. We understand that you have focused on a reorganization plan for almost 3 years now. Nonetheless, DIGA's price per share has declined significantly (over 90%) during that time frame.  We believe that a business combination with PSID at this time would result in superior benefits for DIGA stockholders, and that such benefits can be achieved more completely and quickly than under your continued reorganization plans, and with a higher degree of certainty. A business combination with PSID now creates certain value for DIGA stockholders (as further outlined below) and eliminates the risks associated with your ongoing reorganization, your continued Nasdaq-listing issues, and today's volatile business and market environment. We 
believe that our proposal is superior to any other alternative available to DIGA and its stockholders. Subject to customary conditions and based on our review of publicly available information relating to DIGA, we are prepared to make an offer of $0.60 per share of DIGA, a 60% premium above the closing of DIGA's common stock based on a 20 day average for the period ending on September 14, 2010, and translates to an exchange ratio of 0.67 shares of PSID for every outstanding share of DIGA. We are committed to pursuing our proposal because of the significant opportunities that it will create for PSID as well as for all stockholders of DIGA. Our proposal is based on the following key elements: 
  --  Compelling Valuation: As shown above, we are valuing DIGA at a
      substantial premium to the recent and current stock price.
  --  Stock for Stock Exchange: Our proposal is to acquire all of the
      outstanding shares in DIGA in exchange for shares of PSID, thereby
      providing DIGA stockholders with improved liquidity, a premium of 60%,
      and an implied (additional) premium to PSID's current price per share.
  --  Improved Balance Sheet: The resulting combined company will have a
      stronger balance sheet than DIGA. PSID's Form 10-Q for the period ended
      June 30, 2010 reflects cash of $5.4 million and no debt.
  --  Ready to Proceed: Due to the complementary nature of DIGA and PSID's
      business and based on the work we have already performed and the
      resources we have committed, we are in a position to proceed with the
      proposed combination on an expeditious basis.
  --  Operational Efficiencies: Eliminating redundant infrastructure and
      duplicative operating costs will improve the financial performance of
      the combined entity.
  --  Attractive Long-Term Solution for all Stockholders: Under the proposed
      transaction, DIGA can focus on long-term value creation within a better
      positioned organization. We believe that the management and employees of
      DIGA are important to both the integration of our businesses and the
      achievement of future success. We plan to continue to invest in the
      people at DIGA and therefore anticipate that there will be attractive
      career opportunities for employees of DIGA at the combined company.
      Customers will benefit as the combined company will have an improved
      technology platform and will be able to offer an expanded range of
      products and services to customers.


We also believe that this investment can significantly enhance the value of PSID (which in turn will benefit DIGA stockholders) in the following ways: 
  --  DIGA brings a significant revenue stream (approximately $35M).
  --  DIGA has complementary RFID and other identification technologies that
      can open new markets for PSID's product portfolio.
  --  A reunion of the key intellectual property that will create
      opportunities in both the human and animal markets.
  --  Eliminating redundant infrastructure and duplicative operating costs
      will improve the financial performance of the combined entity.


We have a high regard for DIGA's management team and believe that the management talent resident in our respective companies will enable the combined company to enhance value for the stockholders of the combined company. We look forward to discussing with you how to optimize the integration of our respective businesses and the best way to combine our management talent to successfully lead the combined company. We are prepared to meet with you and your management team at your earliest convenience to commence discussions regarding our non-binding proposal for a business combination. We need to conduct only limited and confirmatory due diligence and will commit the resources needed to be able to negotiate and enter into a definitive merger agreement expeditiously. In addition, since the merger consideration would consist of PSID common stock, we would provide DIGA the 
opportunity to conduct appropriate limited due diligence with respect to PSID. We are prepared to deliver a draft merger agreement to you and begin discussion immediately. In light of the significance of this proposal to your stockholders and ours, as well as our desire to avoid selective disclosures, we plan to release publicly the text of this letter tomorrow morning. Due to the value represented by our proposal, we expect the DIGA Board to engage in a full review of our proposal. We believe our proposal offers substantial value to the stockholders of both companies as outlined above, and we are committed to undertaking the necessary steps to seeing this transaction to completion. My leadership team and I would be happy to meet with you and your Board at your earliest convenience. We hope that you and your Board share our enthusiasm and look forward to a prompt and 
favorable reply. I look forward to discussing this with you. Very truly yours, /s/ Scott R. Silverman Scott R. Silverman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer About PositiveID Corporation PositiveID Corporation develops and markets healthcare and information management products through its RFID-based diagnostic devices and identification technologies, and its proprietary disease management tools. PositiveID operates in two main divisions: HealthID and ID Security. For more information on PositiveID, please visit www.PositiveIDCorp.com. The PositiveID Corporation logo is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=7717 Statements about PositiveID's future expectations, 
including, that (i) the merger is expected to be immediately accretive to PositiveID stockholders with $35-$40 million in combined revenue, (ii) PositiveID's 
healthcare development products and technologies would provide a new platform for growth for Digital Angel's animal identification business and differentiate it from its competitors, (iii) PositiveID's healthcare development products can be used for animal health and food safety applications, particularly its GlucoChip(TM) and virus detection system, making the combined company a leader in animal health and food safety, (iv) having a larger product line would make it a more valuable supplier to its customer base, and the combination of PositiveID's healthcare products under development combined with Digital Angel's animal identification business should make the combined company a more important vendor to its customers due to an expanded product offering, (v) the proposed merger would provide significant operating and financial synergies enabling the companies to eliminate approximately 
$2 million in duplicative costs, (vi) that the merger would also add approximately $35 million in annual revenue to PositiveID, (vii) combining the two companies would expand their product portfolios, increasing revenue opportunities and making Digital Angel a clear leader in animal health solutions and food safety, while simultaneously significantly reducing many of the public company expenses that each company currently incurs, (viii) the merger will not only provide operating synergies to each business, but, importantly, provide greater value to the respective companies' stockholders, and all other statements in this press release other than historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and as that term is defined in the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such 
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change at any time, and PositiveID's actual results could differ materially from expected results. Additional information about these and other factors that could affect the Company's business is set forth in the Company's various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth in the Company's 10-K filed on March 19, 2010, and the Company's 10-Qs filed on May 6, 2010 and August 13, 2010, under the caption "Risk Factors." The Company undertakes no obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this statement or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. In connection with the proposed transaction, PositiveID plans to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 containing a proxy statement/prospectus and other documents regarding the proposed transaction. The definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to stockholders of Digital Angel Corporation. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF DIGITAL ANGEL ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement and the proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by PositiveID through the Web site maintained by the SEC at 
http://www.sec.gov. Free copies of the registration statement and the proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC can also be obtained by directing a request to Investor Relations Department, PositiveID Corporation, 1690 South Congress Avenue, Delray Beach, Florida 33445. PositiveID and its directors and executive officers and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information regarding PositiveID's directors and executive officers is available in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, which was filed with the SEC on March 19, 2010. Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or 
otherwise, will be contained in the proxy 
statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they become available. This news release was distributed by GlobeNewswire, www.globenewswire.com SOURCE: PositiveID Corporation CONTACT:  PositiveID Corporation
Allison Tomek
561-805-8000
atomek@positiveidcorp.com
CEOcast
Dan Schustack
212-732-4300
dschustack@ceocast.com

(C) Copyright 2010 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved. 
News Provided by COMTEX








 

PositiveID Corp. (OTCQB: PSID)- Breaking News Alert for Active Stock Company













  PSID 
Website  |  
Technology  |  
Business  |  
Applications  |  
I.R.                       
Get
FinancialNewsMedia.com  Alerts

Privacy Policy



PositiveID Corp. (OTCQB: PSID) Breaking News Alert - 
February 11, 2016

PositiveID Corporation’s Thermomedics’ Subsidiary Signs Deals 
with Five New Healthcare Products Distributors in January  



DELRAY BEACH, FL, 
February 11, 2016– PositiveID Corporation (OTCQB:
PSID) (“PositiveID” 
or “Company”), a life sciences company focused on detection and diagnostics, 
announced today that its Thermomedics subsidiary, which markets the Caregiver� 
FDA-cleared non-contact thermometer, made significant progress on its growth 
plan in January 2016, including entering into agreements with five new 
healthcare products distributors, increasing sequential monthly sales growth, 
and establishing several near-term pipeline opportunities. 

Thermomedics’ Caregiver thermometer is targeting the fastest growing segment 
of the global temperature monitoring device market, estimated at $1 billion by 
2020. Caregiver is a clinical grade, infrared thermometer for measurement of 
forehead temperature in adults, children, and infants, without contact. It 
delivers an oral-equivalent temperature directly from the forehead in 1-2 
seconds. Since there is no skin contact and Caregiver does not require probe 
cover supplies, it reduces the risk of cross-contamination, which is an 
increasing concern, and saves healthcare facilities the cost of covers (as much 
as $0.05 to $0.10 per temperature), storage space, and waste disposal costs. 

It is estimated that Caregiver can offer savings of $250 or more per year per 
device in probe cover supplies alone. Other methods of clinical thermometry, 
which include predictive oral/rectal/axillary electronic, infrared tympanic, 
temporal artery contact scanner, etc., may require expensive protective probe 
covers, intensive technique concentration, which make them prone to mistaken 
placement or dwell time, and many have the potential to need replacement metal 
probes, cords, or other parts. 

“January 2016 was the first full month of Thermomedics operations under 
PositiveID’s management control,” stated William J. Caragol, Chairman and CEO of 
PositiveID. “We already see that by better capitalizing the business, entering 
into new distribution agreements, managing inventory, and planning for the 
future, we can generate immediate results in this business operationally and 
financially. We expect Caregiver to be an important contributor to PositiveID’s 
2016 total revenues, and with extremely attractive gross margins for this 
product we are looking to ramp Caregiver sales as quickly as possible.”

Caregiver is the world's first non-contact thermometer with TouchFree™ 
technology and was developed by the inventors of tympanic thermometry, who 
continue to lead the sales effort for Caregiver. The Company markets and sells 
the Caregiver thermometer primarily through healthcare products distributors.


The global market for temperature monitoring devices is forecast to reach $1 
billion by 2020, with infrared thermometers experiencing the fastest growth 
driven in part by concerns over the spread of highly infectious diseases like 
Ebola, according to Global Industry Analysts, Inc.

About PositiveID Corporation (More Below)
PositiveID Corporation is a life sciences company focused on detection and 
diagnostics, with an extensive patent portfolio. PositiveID specializes in the 
development of microfluidic systems for the automated preparation of and 
performance of biological assays. PositiveID is also a leader in the mobile 
technology vehicle market, with a focus on the laboratory market and homeland 
security. For more information on PositiveID, please visit http://www.psidcorp.com, 
or connect with PositiveID on Twitter, Facebook or LinkedIn. 

Statements about PositiveID's future expectations, including the likelihood 
that the temperature monitoring device market will reach $1 billion by 2020; the 
likelihood that Caregiver can offer savings of $250 or more per year per device 
in probe cover supplies alone; the likelihood that Caregiver will be an 
important contributor to PositiveID’s 2016 total revenues; and others made in 
this press release, constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning 
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, and as that term is defined in the Private Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and 
uncertainties and are subject to change at any time, and PositiveID’s actual 
results could differ materially from expected results. These risks and 
uncertainties include, without limitation, the Company’s ability to successfully 
integrate Thermomedics into its operations; the Company’s ability to gain market 
share in the global temperature monitoring device market; as well as other 
risks. Additional information about these and other factors that could affect 
the Company's business is set forth in the Company’s various filings with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, including those set forth in the Company's 
10-K filed on March 30, 2015, as amended on December 31, 2015, and 10-Qs filed 
on November 12, 2015, August 13, 2015, and May 15, 2015, under the caption “Risk 
Factors.” The Company undertakes no obligation to update or release any 
revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances 
after the date of this statement or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated 
events, except as required by law.

Contact:
PositiveID Corporation
Allison Tomek
(561) 805-8044
atomek@positiveidcorp.com 

Source: PositiveID Corporation

----------------------------ABOUT PositiveID Corp
PositiveID Corporation™ (OTCQB: PSID)

Advanced biological detection and diagnostic solutions for homeland security and 
global healthcare needs.

PositiveID Corporation™ (OTCQB: PSID) is a life sciences tools and diagnostics 
company specializing in biological detection and molecular diagnostic systems 
for America's homeland defense and the global healthcare market. PositiveID 
specializes in the development of microfluidic systems in order to detect 
biological threats and outbreaks, whether airborne, in a healthcare setting, or 
at the point of need. PositiveID is also a leader in the mobile technology 
vehicle market. 

TECHNOLOGY

PositiveID develops biological detection and diagnostics systems, including its 
M-BAND and Firefly Dx systems, which use real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) 
chemistry. PCR amplifies a sample’s DNA and copies it billions of times. PCR is 
used every day to diagnose diseases, identify bacteria and viruses, and for many 
other applications. With real-time PCR, the amplification of the DNA can be 
measured as it occurs, thereby speeding up the ability to deliver results. 
Real-time PCR is one of the most sensitive and specific bio-detection 
capabilities available today. 

A critical and highly complicated step prior to performing real-time PCR is 
sample preparation. PositiveID’s patented sample prep technologies use 
ultrasonic lysis for the rupture of tough cellular membranes. The lysed sample 
is then microfluidically passed through a purification apparatus that isolates 
and purifies nucleic acid. The Company’s expertise in sample prep is reflected 
by its strong intellectual property position.

The Company began developing complex microfluidic systems to perform sample 
processing and purification for the Defense Advanced Projects Agency (DARPA). It 
then developed a similar system, including a thermal cycler for polymerase chain 
reaction (PCR) analysis for the US Army's Edgewood Chemical and Biological 
Command (ECBC).

PositiveID's microfluidic technology replaces robotics with integrated 
microfluidics, reducing cost and increasing reliability. Its microfluidic 
technology also automates and increases the effectiveness of key sample 
processing steps used today on the laboratory bench-top, into a closed, 
automated system. The embedded devices perform cell lysis (including difficult 
spores) in less than one minute at low power, nucleic acid purification along 
with inhibitor removal and pre-concentration of the nucleic acids up to factors 
of 1000X within minutes. These processes all occur autonomously within a fully 
contained disposable microfluidic cartridge. 

PRODUCTS

PositiveID develops biological detection and diagnostics systems, including its 
M-BAND and Firefly Dx technologies.

MFS began developing complex microfluidic systems to perform sample processing 
and purification for the Defense Advanced Projects Agency (DARPA).

It then developed a similar system, including a thermal cycler for polymerase 
chain reaction (PCR) analysis for the US Army's Edgewood Chemical and Biological 
Command (ECBC). 

Our Business

Molecular Diagnostics

PositiveID develops biological detection and diagnostics systems, including its 
M-BAND and Firefly Dx technologies. The Company began developing complex 
microfluidic systems to perform sample processing and purification for the 
Defense Advanced Projects Agency (DARPA). It then developed a similar system, 
including a thermal cycler for polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis for the 
US Army's Edgewood Chemical and Biological Command (ECBC). PositiveID's 
microfluidic technology replaces robotics and manual processes used in existing 
systems with integrated microfluidics in a closed, automated system, which 
reduces cost, increases reliability and enhances the effectiveness of sample 
processing. 

PositiveID is focused primarily on its M-BAND airborne biot-threat detector, 
which was developed under contract with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
("DHS") Science & Technology directorate, and its Firefly Dx system, which is 
designed to deliver molecular diagnostic results from a sample in less than 30 
minutes at the point-of-need, using a portable, handheld system. 

The Company's M-BAND detection system continuously and autonomously analyzes air 
samples for the detection of pathogenic bacteria, viruses, and toxins for up to 
30 days. Results from individual M-BAND instruments are reported via a secure 
wireless network in real time to give an accurate and up-to-date status of field 
conditions. M-BAND performs high specificity detection for up to six organisms 
on the Centers for Disease Control's category A and B select agents list. 

The goal of the Company's Firefly Dx is to enable accurate diagnostics leading 
to more rapid and effective treatment than what is currently available with 
existing systems. Firefly is being developed further for a broad range of 
biological detection situations for applications including military, 
agricultural and healthcare. The system has already demonstrated the ability to 
detect and identify other common pathogens and diseases such as various strains 
of influenza, E. coli, methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus ("MRSA") and 
human papilloma virus ("HPV").

Infrared Thermometry

The Caregiver� thermometer by Thermomedics, Inc. is the world’s first 
non-contact device with TouchFree™ technology developed by the team that 
invented tympanic thermometry. CAREGIVER� is a clinical-grade infrared 
thermometer for measurement of forehead temperature in adults, children, and 
infants without contact. It is designed for use in a wide variation of medical 
settings and can also deliver ambient/skin surface temperatures with the flick 
of a switch. Learn more about PositiveID’s Caregiver thermometer.

Mobile Technology Vehicles

PositiveID's wholly owned subsidiary, E-N-G Mobile Labs, provides specialty 
vehicle manufacturing for TV news vans and trucks, emergency response trailers, 
mobile command centers, mobile labs, and other special purpose vehicles. E-N-G 
is a leading U.S. manufacturer of specialized vehicles that are field friendly 
and field tough. Major applications include mobile TV broadcasting, microwave 
and satellite uplink trucks, emergency response vehicles, communications command 
and control, surveillance vans, mobile environmental, medical, dental, and 
health laboratories and clinics, mobile cellular phone vehicles, infrared 
testing, and many other applications. We also provide mobile analytical triage 
centers to insulate central labs from pandemic outbreaks.

Applications

The Company’s core technology is used for airborne pathogen detection, rapid 
biological diagnostics and sample preparation applications.

The bio-detection market has seen significant growth over the past decade due to 
incidents involving Anthrax, ricin, SARS, various strains of influenza, Ebola 
and other biological weapons. These events have confirmed that threats of 
infectious disease and bioterrorism are persistent and real. 

With expansive foreign troop deployment, increasing domestic populations, and 
the need for a stable supportive agricultural infrastructure, the availability 
of effective molecular screening technologies is of growing importance. Whether 
natural or man-made, an invasive disease outbreak without proper monitoring or 
detection, and thus resulting in reduced countermeasure effectiveness, can 
significantly affect the health and commercial stability of livestock or human 
populations on a large scale. To this end, many biological and chemical-based 
methodologies exist to detect a wide range of potential pathogenic threats. 
Unfortunately, currently available technologies are still costly, labor 
intensive, and often limited to laboratory/clinical settings, thus falling short 
of truly effective point-of-need or timely site-specific monitoring. 

PositiveID offers solutions for bio-threat detection in the field (whether 
indoors or outdoors), at the point of need.

Partners

PositiveID historically has worked with large government and commercial partners 
such as the Department of Homeland Security to develop and manufacture its 
products. The Company’s M-BAND product was developed with $30 million of 
contract funding under the DHS’ BAND program.

The Company continues to work with DHS and is also currently working the 
Department of Defense, NASA, U.S. Special Operations Command, and well as 
several high profile government contractors.

PositiveID has an exclusive license and a teaming agreement with The Boeing 
Company, wherein Boeing was granted the exclusive right to distribute M-BAND 
units in North America, and PositiveID became the exclusive provider of reagents 
and assays to Boeing.

About Us

PositiveID Corporation™ (OTCBB: PSID) is a life sciences tools and diagnostics 
company and developer of biological detection and molecular diagnostic systems 
for America's homeland defense and global healthcare. PositiveID specializes in 
the development of microfluidic systems for the automated preparation of and 
performance of biological assays in order to detect biological threats, whether 
airborne, in a healthcare setting, or at the point of need. PositiveID is also a 
leader in the mobile technology vehicle market.

The Company holds a portfolio of 18 key patents/patents pending primarily for 
the automation of biological detection using real-time analysis for the rapid, 
reliable and specific identification of pathogens.

PositiveID has offices in Delray Beach, Florida, and labs in Pleasanton, 
California. 

Management Team

William J. Caragol, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial 
Officer

William J. Caragol was appointed Chairman and CEO of PositiveID in 2011, and has 
served as the company's president since its inception. Mr. Caragol was also CFO 
of PositiveID from 2007 to 2011, and was previously president and CFO of 
VeriChip Corporation. Mr. Caragol also served as Steel Vault Corporation's CEO, 
president and a member of its board of directors. Prior to that, Mr. Caragol was 
the vice president of business development and chief financial officer of 
Millivision Technologies, a technology company focused on security applications. 
Prior to his role at Millivision Technologies, Mr. Caragol was a consulting 
partner with East Wind Partners LLP, a technology and telecommunications 
consulting company, in Washington, D.C, and spent eight years at Deloitte and 
Touche. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
and graduated from the Washington & Lee University with a bachelor of science in 
Administration and Accounting. Mr. Caragol has also served on several boards, 
both public and private, and is currently a Trustee at the Saint Andrews School.

Lyle L. Probst, President

Lyle L. Probst has over 15 years of program management experience at 
MicroFluidic Systems and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), 
including a series of bio-detection programs such as the Department of Homeland 
Security (DHS) Science & Technology (S&T) BAND program, development and 
deployment of BioWatch Generation 1 at LLNL, and principal 
investigator/developer of the high-throughput BioWatch mobile laboratory at SAIC. 
Mr. Probst was previously the Director of Capillary Electrophoresis and Director 
of Chemistries at the Joint Genome Institute. He holds a B.S. in Biology and an 
M.B.A in Executive Management.

Allison Tomek, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development 

Allison Tomek joined PositiveID in January 2007 and has served as Senior Vice 
President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications since January 2009. 
Ms. Tomek was previously Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications at Applied Digital Solutions, Inc. and Digital Angel Corporation, 
a majority-owned subsidiary. Prior to joining the Applied Digital family of 
companies, Ms. Tomek was Director of Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications of Andrx Corporation, a pharmaceutical manufacturer and 
distributor. Ms. Tomek holds a B.S. in News/Editorial from the School of 
Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of Colorado in Boulder.

SOURCE: psidcorp.com


Disclaimer
FN Media Group LLC (FNMG) owns and operates 
FinancialNewsMedia.com (FNM) which is a third party publisher that disseminates 
electronic information through multiple online media channels. FNMG's intended 
purposes are to deliver market updates and news alerts issued from private and 
publicly trading companies as well as providing coverage and increased awareness 
for companies that issue press to the public via online newswires. FNMG and its 
affiliated companies are a news dissemination and financial marketing solutions 
provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no 
investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any 
security. FNMG's market updates, news alerts and corporate profiles are NOT a 
solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The material in 
this release is intended to be strictly informational and is NEVER to be 
construed or interpreted as research material. All readers are strongly urged to 
perform research and due diligence on their own and consult a licensed financial 
professional before considering any level of investing in stocks. The companies 
that are discussed in this release may or may not have approved the statements 
made in this release. Information in this release is derived from a variety of 
sources that may or may not include the referenced company's publicly 
disseminated information. The accuracy or completeness of the information is not 
warranted and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained. 
While this information is believed to be reliable, such reliability cannot be 
guaranteed. FNMG disclaims any and all liability as to the completeness or 
accuracy of the information contained and any omissions of material fact in this 
release. This release may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical 
errors. It is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be 
discussed with a financial adviser, or a broker-dealer, or a member of any 
financial regulatory bodies. Investment in the securities of the companies 
discussed in this release is highly speculative and carries a high degree of 
risk. FNMG is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or 
subscribers. Investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of 
their investment when investing in stocks. This release is not without bias, and 
is considered a conflict of interest if compensation has been received by FNMG 
for its dissemination. To comply with Section 17(b) of the Securities Act of 
1933, FNMG shall always disclose any compensation it has received, or expects to 
receive in the future, for the dissemination of the information found herein on 
behalf of one or more of the companies mentioned in this release. For current 
services performed FNMG has been compensated three thousand seven hundred dollars for 
PositiveID Corporation  
news coverage by the company.  FNMG HOLDS NO SHARES OF 
PositiveID Corporation

This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made 
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, 
plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", 
"future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", 
"draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are 
subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future 
circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in 
the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may 
differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual 
report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in 
evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue 
reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are 
made as of the date hereof and FNMG undertakes no obligation to update such 
statements. 















PSID Stock Price - PositiveID Corp. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 













































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,796.55


85.54


0.39%











S&P 500

2,475.42


-2.41


-0.10%











Nasdaq

6,382.19


-40.56


-0.63%











GlobalDow

2,849.19


-1.89


-0.07%











Gold

1,265.40


-1.10


-0.09%











Oil

48.99


-0.05


-0.10%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ADP 
9.1




TSCO 
7.7




VZ 
7.7




ORLY 
7.4






CA
-10.2




JCI
-7.3




FFIV
-7.2




XL
-6.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:01p

Updated
Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’



8:31p

Amazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift



8:13p

Redfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation



8:05p

SpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round



7:14p

Headline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster



7:14p

Updated
Howard Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise



6:55p

Senate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote



6:46p

Updated
Scaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy



6:39p

Updated
Ethereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency



6:04p

This fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


PSID


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



PSID
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


PositiveID Corp.

Watchlist 
CreatePSIDAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 9:20 p.m. 
Delayed quote



$
0.0271



-0.0059
-17.88%






Previous Close




$0.0330





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




195.6% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    824.7K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 421.6K
            





Open: 0.03
Close: 0.0271



0.0251
Day Low/High
0.0399





Day Range



0.0103
52 Week Low/High
450.0000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.03



Day Range
0.0251 - 0.0399



52 Week Range
0.0103 - 450.0000



Market Cap
$125.53K



Shares Outstanding
3.8M



Public Float
3.8M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$176.59K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-1,055.53



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
421.6K




 


Performance




5 Day


8.40%







1 Month


-24.72%







3 Month


-90.97%







YTD


-98.71%







1 Year


-99.99%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Ebola stocks: 2 to sell, and 5 to consider buying

Oct. 13, 2014 at 12:09 p.m. ET
by Nigam Arora









PositiveID opts not to implement reverse split


Aug. 30, 2011 at 9:14 a.m. ET







No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP
10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP

May. 15, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP


Nov. 18, 2016 at 5:18 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP


Aug. 12, 2016 at 4:46 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Ebola Stocks: A Real Portfolio Killer


Oct. 13, 2014 at 7:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Quality Systems Teams Up With 3M Health Information Systems - Analyst Blog


Jun. 25, 2014 at 1:50 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Cerner Enters New Agreement with North Carolina's Mission Health - Analyst Blog


Jun. 25, 2014 at 1:40 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





St. Jude Medical Hits New 52-Week High - Analyst Blog


Jun. 23, 2014 at 3:45 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





St. Jude Medical Gets Award for Leadless Pacemaker - Analyst Blog


Jun. 20, 2014 at 1:10 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Cerus (CERS) Soars: Stock Adds 6.5% in Session - Tale of the Tape


Feb. 10, 2014 at 9:39 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





OraSure Technologies (OSUR) Jumps: Stock Up 10.3% - Tale of the Tape


Feb. 7, 2014 at 8:51 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





GW Pharmaceuticals plc (GWPH) Jumps: Stock Rises 7.6% - Tale of the Tape


Feb. 5, 2014 at 9:18 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





PositiveID Withdraws $13.9M Bid to Buy Digital Angel


Sep. 29, 2010 at 3:28 p.m. ET
on FOXBusiness









PositiveID Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
PositiveID Reports First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 16, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID Reports 2016 Results; Revenue of $5.6 Million, up 89% Year over Year


Apr. 3, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems Expands Service Business to Offer Mobile Maintenance and Repair


Mar. 20, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems' 2017 Bookings Through February Total $1.7 Million, Up More than 200% from Prior Quarter


Mar. 14, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID's Thermomedics Joins Patient Safety Movement


Mar. 1, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID Corporation Announces 2016 Highlights


Feb. 21, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID Corporation to Exhibit its Caregiver Non-Contact Thermometer at the Health Connect Partners 2017 Spring Hospital Supply Chain Conference


Feb. 13, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems Receives $1.2 Million Purchase Order for Mobile Labs, the Largest Purchase Order since its Acquisition


Feb. 7, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





SeeThruEquity Issues Update on PositiveID Corp. (OTCQB: PSID)


Sep. 6, 2016 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





PositiveID to Exhibit its Caregiver Non-Contact Thermometer at the Association for Healthcare Resource and Materials Management Conference July 31-August 3


Jul. 27, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











PositiveID Corp.


            
            PositiveID Corp. develops molecular diagnostic systems for bio-threat detection and rapid medical testing. The company, through its subsidiary, MicroFluidic Systems, develops fully automated pathogen detection systems and assays to detect a range of biological threats. It focuses on the development of microfluidic systems for the automated preparation of and performance of biological assays in order to detect biological threats at high-value locations, as well as analyze samples in a medical environment. PositiveID was founded in November 2001 and is headquartered in Delray Beach, FL.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Analogic Corp.
0.49%
$886.69M


Cohu Inc.
-1.77%
$539.79M


Agilent Technologies Inc.
0.32%
$19.19B


Wireless Telecom Group Inc.
-0.66%
$33.66M


MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc.
-7.32%
$4.19B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-0.65%








INTC

0.63%








SBUX

2.69%








BIDU

-0.08%








WDC

-1.14%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:24 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:01pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
8:32pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
8:14pRedfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation
8:06pSpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round
7:15pHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
7:14pHeadline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster
6:55pSenate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
6:47pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
6:39pEthereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
6:04pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
6:03pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
5:48pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
5:48pWhat a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:33pBaidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
5:30pBREAKINGSenators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
5:27pJonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
5:23pAmazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
5:22pA quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:24 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:01pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
8:32pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
8:14pRedfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation
8:06pSpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round
7:15pHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
7:14pHeadline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster
6:55pSenate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
6:47pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
6:39pEthereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
6:04pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
6:03pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
5:48pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
5:48pWhat a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:33pBaidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
5:30pBREAKINGSenators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
5:27pJonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
5:23pAmazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
5:22pA quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:24 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:01pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
8:32pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
8:14pRedfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation
8:06pSpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round
7:15pHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
7:14pHeadline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster
6:55pSenate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
6:47pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
6:39pEthereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
6:04pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
6:03pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
5:48pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
5:48pWhat a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:33pBaidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
5:30pBREAKINGSenators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
5:27pJonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
5:23pAmazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
5:22pA quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































PSID Stock Price - PositiveID Corp. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 













































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,796.55


85.54


0.39%











S&P 500

2,475.42


-2.41


-0.10%











Nasdaq

6,382.19


-40.56


-0.63%











GlobalDow

2,849.17


-1.91


-0.07%











Gold

1,265.40


-1.10


-0.09%











Oil

48.99


-0.05


-0.10%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ADP 
9.1




TSCO 
7.7




VZ 
7.7




ORLY 
7.4






CA
-10.2




JCI
-7.3




FFIV
-7.2




XL
-6.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:01p

Updated
Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’



8:31p

Amazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift



8:13p

Redfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation



8:05p

SpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round



7:14p

Headline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster



7:14p

Updated
Howard Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise



6:55p

Senate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote



6:46p

Updated
Scaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy



6:39p

Updated
Ethereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency



6:04p

This fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


PSID


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



PSID
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


PositiveID Corp.

Watchlist 
CreatePSIDAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 9:20 p.m. 
Delayed quote



$
0.0271



-0.0059
-17.88%






Previous Close




$0.0330





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




195.6% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    824.7K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 421.6K
            





Open: 0.03
Close: 0.0271



0.0251
Day Low/High
0.0399





Day Range



0.0103
52 Week Low/High
450.0000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.03



Day Range
0.0251 - 0.0399



52 Week Range
0.0103 - 450.0000



Market Cap
$125.53K



Shares Outstanding
3.8M



Public Float
3.8M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$176.59K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-1,055.53



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
421.6K




 


Performance




5 Day


8.40%







1 Month


-24.72%







3 Month


-90.97%







YTD


-98.71%







1 Year


-99.99%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Ebola stocks: 2 to sell, and 5 to consider buying

Oct. 13, 2014 at 12:09 p.m. ET
by Nigam Arora









PositiveID opts not to implement reverse split


Aug. 30, 2011 at 9:14 a.m. ET







No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP
10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP

May. 15, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP


Nov. 18, 2016 at 5:18 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP


Aug. 12, 2016 at 4:46 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Ebola Stocks: A Real Portfolio Killer


Oct. 13, 2014 at 7:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Quality Systems Teams Up With 3M Health Information Systems - Analyst Blog


Jun. 25, 2014 at 1:50 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Cerner Enters New Agreement with North Carolina's Mission Health - Analyst Blog


Jun. 25, 2014 at 1:40 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





St. Jude Medical Hits New 52-Week High - Analyst Blog


Jun. 23, 2014 at 3:45 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





St. Jude Medical Gets Award for Leadless Pacemaker - Analyst Blog


Jun. 20, 2014 at 1:10 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Cerus (CERS) Soars: Stock Adds 6.5% in Session - Tale of the Tape


Feb. 10, 2014 at 9:39 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





OraSure Technologies (OSUR) Jumps: Stock Up 10.3% - Tale of the Tape


Feb. 7, 2014 at 8:51 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





GW Pharmaceuticals plc (GWPH) Jumps: Stock Rises 7.6% - Tale of the Tape


Feb. 5, 2014 at 9:18 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





PositiveID Withdraws $13.9M Bid to Buy Digital Angel


Sep. 29, 2010 at 3:28 p.m. ET
on FOXBusiness









PositiveID Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
PositiveID Reports First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 16, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID Reports 2016 Results; Revenue of $5.6 Million, up 89% Year over Year


Apr. 3, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems Expands Service Business to Offer Mobile Maintenance and Repair


Mar. 20, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems' 2017 Bookings Through February Total $1.7 Million, Up More than 200% from Prior Quarter


Mar. 14, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID's Thermomedics Joins Patient Safety Movement


Mar. 1, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID Corporation Announces 2016 Highlights


Feb. 21, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID Corporation to Exhibit its Caregiver Non-Contact Thermometer at the Health Connect Partners 2017 Spring Hospital Supply Chain Conference


Feb. 13, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems Receives $1.2 Million Purchase Order for Mobile Labs, the Largest Purchase Order since its Acquisition


Feb. 7, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





SeeThruEquity Issues Update on PositiveID Corp. (OTCQB: PSID)


Sep. 6, 2016 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





PositiveID to Exhibit its Caregiver Non-Contact Thermometer at the Association for Healthcare Resource and Materials Management Conference July 31-August 3


Jul. 27, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











PositiveID Corp.


            
            PositiveID Corp. develops molecular diagnostic systems for bio-threat detection and rapid medical testing. The company, through its subsidiary, MicroFluidic Systems, develops fully automated pathogen detection systems and assays to detect a range of biological threats. It focuses on the development of microfluidic systems for the automated preparation of and performance of biological assays in order to detect biological threats at high-value locations, as well as analyze samples in a medical environment. PositiveID was founded in November 2001 and is headquartered in Delray Beach, FL.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Analogic Corp.
0.49%
$886.69M


Cohu Inc.
-1.77%
$539.79M


Agilent Technologies Inc.
0.32%
$19.19B


Wireless Telecom Group Inc.
-0.66%
$33.66M


MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc.
-7.32%
$4.19B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-0.65%








INTC

0.63%








SBUX

2.69%








BIDU

-0.08%








WDC

-1.14%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.

















PositiveID Corporation (PSID) - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2014 Update























































  info@wiseguyreports.com  |   
 Chat with us   |    +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)  |     +44 208 133 9349 (UK) 



 Login    Register 






















Home


Report Categories







Premium Reports

Access to 600000+ Premium Reports











  
                                Aerospace & Defense
                              









  
                                Agri & Food
                              









  
                                Automotive
                              









  
                                Basic Materials
                              











  
                                Consumer Goods & Retail
                              









  
                                Energy
                              









  
                                Life Sciences
                              









  
                                Manufacturing & Construction
                              











  
                                Services
                              









  
                                Telecom & IT
                              









  
                                Education
                              









  
                                Security & Intelligence Systems
                              











  
                                Technology
                              









  
                                Company Reports
                              










Report Categories 










Aerospace & Defense
                





Agri & Food
                





Automotive
                





Basic Materials
                







Consumer Goods & Retail
                





Energy
                





Life Sciences
                





Manufacturing & Construction
                







Services
                





Telecom & IT
                





Education
                





Security & Intelligence Systems
                







Technology
                





Company Reports
                








Publisher
Knowledgestore

Countries 
              


Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




Countries 

Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



News & Blog

 Press Release
Blog



News & Blogs

 Press Release
Blogs


FAQs

About Us

About Our Company
Our Team
Life At WGR


Careers
Contact Us











                                         There are no items currently in your basket.
                                     













There are no items currently in your basket!














  




































Search 
                






 














Home
All Reports
PositiveID Corporation (PSID) - Product Pipeline Analysis...









 


  PositiveID Corporation (PSID) - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2014 Update


WGR26570
28 
                  October, 2014 
Global
30 pages 
GlobalData






















Description




Table of Content




Sample Report




Enquiry before buy




Related Reports





SummaryPositiveID Corporation (PositiveID) is a medical equipment company. The company focuses on the development of microfluidic systems for automated preparation of and performance of biological assays in order to detect biological threats for homeland defense, and analyze biological samples at the point of care. It offers development and production of automated instruments for detecting and processing biological samples. PositiveID offer molecular diagnostics. The company develops biological detection and diagnostics systems, including its M-BAND and Firefly Dx technologies. PositiveID is headquartered in Florida, the US.This report is a source for data, analysis, and actionable intelligence on the company’s portfolio of pipeline products. The report provides key information about the company, its major products and brands.  The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage.Scope:- The report reviews detailed company profile with information on business description, key company facts, major products and services, key competitors, key employees, locations and subsidiaries and recent developments- The report analyzes all pipeline products in development for the company PositiveID Corporation- The report provides pipeline analysis on all pipeline products of the company (by equipment type, by indication, by development stage, and by trial status)- The report covers detailed information on each pipeline product with information on pipeline territory, stage of development, device class, regulatory path, indication(s), application(s) and estimated launch date- The report provides detailed description of products in development, technical specification and functions- The report also covers ongoing clinical trials (wherever applicable) with information on trial name, trial objective, sponsor, trial design , trial status and phase, estimated start and end date.Reasons to Buy:- Develop business strategies by understanding the trends and developments driving the medical devices pipeline and technology landscape- Design and develop your product development, marketing and sales strategies by understanding the competitor portfolio- To formulate effective Research & Development strategies- Develop market-entry and market expansion strategies- Exploit in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities by identifying products, most likely to ensure a robust return- Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying key players of the most promising pipeline - Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage- Develop competition strategies by identifying the status and likely launch of the competitors’ pipeline products through review of the clinical trials, stage and of development, etc- Identify, understand and capitalize the next high-value products that your competitor would add in its portfolio


Table of Contents  Table of Contents  2List of Tables  3List of Figures  4PositiveID Corporation Company Snapshot  5PositiveID Corporation Company Overview  5Key Information  5PositiveID Corporation Pipeline Products and Clinical Trials Overview  6PositiveID Corporation – Pipeline Analysis Overview  8Key Facts  8PositiveID Corporation - Major Products and Services  9PositiveID Corporation Pipeline Products by Development Stage  10PositiveID Corporation Clinical Trials by Trial Status  12PositiveID Corporation Pipeline Products Overview  13CARA Salmonella Detection Test  13CARA Salmonella Detection Test Product Overview  13Dragonfly Rapid MDx - H5N1 Avian Flu Assay  14Dragonfly Rapid MDx - H5N1 Avian Flu Assay Product Overview  14Easy Check Breath Glucose Detection System  15Easy Check Breath Glucose Detection System Product Overview  15Easy Check Breath Glucose Detection System Clinical Trial  16Firefly Dx System  17Firefly Dx System Product Overview  17Fully Synthetic Glucose Sensing System  18Fully Synthetic Glucose Sensing System Product Overview  18GlucoChip  19GlucoChip Product Overview  19iGlucose Glucometer  20iGlucose Glucometer Product Overview  20Insulin Tracker  21Insulin Tracker Product Overview  21PositiveID Corporation - Key Competitors  22PositiveID Corporation - Key Employees  23PositiveID Corporation - Locations And Subsidiaries  24Head Office  24Other Locations & Subsidiaries  24Recent Developments  26PositiveID Corporation, Recent Developments  26Oct 20, 2014: PositiveID's Firefly Dx System Featured on Hannity on Fox News  26Oct 10, 2014: PositiveID Corporation and ENSCO Awarded Contract for U.S. Department of Homeland Security SenseNet Program  26Sep 23, 2014: PositiveID Accelerates Prototype Development of Its Firefly Dx System for Real-Time Molecular Diagnostic Testing  26Sep 10, 2014: PositiveID Analyst Coverage Continued Brief Report by Small Cap Traders  27Aug 22, 2014: PositiveID's Handheld Bio-Threat Testing Device Featured in Computerworld  27Aug 15, 2014: PositiveID Reports Revenue From Continuing Operations for First Time in Its History  27Aug 13, 2014: PositiveID to Exhibit at the 2014 Military Health System Research Symposium Conference on August 18-21  28Jun 30, 2014: PositiveID Publishes Updated Report on Its BioThreat Detection and Diagnostics Solutions and Market Opportunities  28Apr 21, 2014: PositiveID Corporation Appoints Lyle L. Probst President  28Mar 31, 2014: PositiveID Signs Agreement With Unit of UTC Aerospace Systems for U.S. Government Contract  29Appendix  30Methodology  30About GlobalData  30Contact Us  30Disclaimer  30List of Tables  PositiveID Corporation, Key Facts  5PositiveID Corporation Pipeline Products and Clinical Trials Overview  6PositiveID Corporation Pipeline Products by Equipment Type  6PositiveID Corporation Pipeline Products by Indication  7PositiveID Corporation Clinical Trials by Trial Status  7PositiveID Corporation, Key Facts  8PositiveID Corporation, Major Products and Services  9PositiveID Corporation Number of Pipeline Products by Development Stage  10PositiveID Corporation Pipeline Products Summary by Development Stage  11PositiveID Corporation Clinical Trials by Trial Status  12PositiveID Corporation Clinical Trials Summary  12CARA Salmonella Detection Test - Product Status  13CARA Salmonella Detection Test - Product Description  13Dragonfly Rapid MDx - H5N1 Avian Flu Assay - Product Status  14Dragonfly Rapid MDx - H5N1 Avian Flu Assay - Product Description  14Easy Check Breath Glucose Detection System - Product Status  15Easy Check Breath Glucose Detection System - Product Description  15Easy Check Breath Glucose Detection System - Clinical Trial of The Easy Check Non-Invasive Breath Glucose Detection Device In Patients With Type 2 Diabetes  16Firefly Dx System - Product Status  17Firefly Dx System - Product Description  17Fully Synthetic Glucose Sensing System - Product Status  18Fully Synthetic Glucose Sensing System - Product Description  18GlucoChip - Product Status  19GlucoChip - Product Description  19iGlucose Glucometer - Product Status  20iGlucose Glucometer - Product Description  20Insulin Tracker - Product Status  21Insulin Tracker - Product Description  21PositiveID Corporation, Key Employees  23PositiveID Corporation, Other Locations  24PositiveID Corporation, Subsidiaries  24List of Figures  PositiveID Corporation Pipeline Products by Equipment Type  7PositiveID Corporation Pipeline Products by Development Stage  10PositiveID Corporation Clinical Trials by Trial Status  12







                                Request a Sample Report
                                




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Do you have any Specific field of Interest?*

















Confirm


 








Make an enquiry before buying this Report




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Your Enquiry*

















Confirm


 
















Purchase this Market Research Report







 USD




 GBP




 EURO




 YEN




 INR







                        1-user PDF
                         
                          $750.00
                        

 
                        Site PDF 
                         
                          $1,500.00
                        

 
                        Enterprise PDF 
                         
                          $2,250.00
                        





  1-user PDF
  
 
    573.68
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  1,147.35
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  1,721.03
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    642.30
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  1,284.60
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  1,926.90
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    83,291.25
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  166,582.50
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  249,873.75
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    48,146.25
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  96,292.50
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  144,438.75
  









Add To Cart
BUY NOW





 















  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form









  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form






Contact Us










Akash Anand
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 (646) 843 9312 (US)
+44 208 133 9349 (UK)













Rishabh Arora
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+44-208-133-9346













Abu Koshy
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 339 368 6938










Related Reports








                  ×
              
Tell a friend about this report 




Your Name:*





Your Email:*





Friend's Name:*





Friend's Email:*





Your Enquiry*









Send


 

























































































PositiveID Corp – Stock News Union









































Skip to content





   











 


 Search for:


Search












Breaking News  New Home Sales Up ...July 26, 2017 Markets Waiting on Possible Fed Move ...July 26, 2017 Oil Higher on Lower Stockpiles ...July 26, 2017 Fed Keeps Rates Unchanged ...July 27, 2017 Lower Stockpiles Supports Higher Oil Prices ...July 27, 2017
prev
next
 















Tag: PositiveID Corp 


Results in for PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID) Key Product 

 

0100PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID)
Thermomedics Inc., a subsidiary of PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID), reported its second consecutive quarter of significant unit sales growth for its Caregiver thermometer. PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID) reported revenues for Medical Devices segment, which consists of sales of Caregiver, for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, totaling $95,000 and $71,000, respectively. The markets met the news by sending up shares of PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID) by over 30% over the following two days after the sales announcement.
Daily Candle Bar Graph for $PSID
PositiveID Corp (OTCMKTS:PSID) is a life sciences tools and diagnostics company. PositiveID develops proprietary biological detection and diagnostics systems and seeks to protect the intellectual property. PositiveID specializes in the development of microfluidic systems for the automated preparation of and performance of biological assays. The company is also a leader in the mobile technology vehicle market, with a focus on the laboratory market and homeland security.
The FDA-approved Caregiver thermometer is a professional grade, infrared thermometerused to measure forehead temperatures without the need for contact with the subject. It delivers an oral-equivalent temperature directly from the forehead in one to two seconds. Since there is no skin contact and Caregiver does not require probe cover supplies, it reduces the risk of cross-contamination and saves healthcare facilities the cost of thermometer covers. At $0.10 per temperature, storage space, and waste disposal costs, it is estimated that Caregiver can save $250 or more per year per device in probe cover supplies alone. The aggregate savings amount per hospital could easily reach into the tens of thousands of dollars.
I have no positions in any of the stocks mentioned, and have no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. All information, including any data, is provided without any guarantees of accuracy.
Don’t miss out! Stay informed on $PSID and receive breaking news on other hot stocks by signing up for our free newsletter!
About the author: Steve Clark is a 23-year Wall St professional with stints in M&A, risk management, and algorithm trading. Steve keeps his head in the game by looking for, and writing about, small companies that often get overlooked by the big investment firms.






 Live World Indices are powered by Investing.com
ADVERTISEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 

Newsletter Sign Ups

Featured Post





 


Posted in:
Featured



                  Investors Run from Envoy Group Corp (OTCMKTS:ENVV)                









Popular
Recent
 



 

 

 



 













































Home
Focus Stocks
Market Movers
Business
Technology
Energy & Mining
About Us
 














































    PSID Key Statistics - PositiveID Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































PositiveID Corp.

                  OTC: PSID
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

PositiveID Corp.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 9:20 p.m.


PSID

/quotes/zigman/90942640/delayed


$
0.03




Change

-0.0059
-17.88%

Volume
Volume 824,746
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/90942640/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.03
		


$
				0.03
			
Change

-0.0059
-17.88%





Day low
Day high
$0.03
$0.04










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.01
        

            $450.00
        

















			Company Description 


			PositiveID Corp. develops molecular diagnostic systems for bio-threat detection and rapid medical testing. The company, through its subsidiary, MicroFluidic Systems, develops fully automated pathogen detection systems and assays to detect a range of biological threats. It focuses on the development ...
		


                PositiveID Corp. develops molecular diagnostic systems for bio-threat detection and rapid medical testing. The company, through its subsidiary, MicroFluidic Systems, develops fully automated pathogen detection systems and assays to detect a range of biological threats. It focuses on the development of microfluidic systems for the automated preparation of and performance of biological assays in order to detect biological threats at high-value locations, as well as analyze samples in a medical environment. PositiveID was founded in November 2001 and is headquartered in Delray Beach, FL.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
0.00


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
0.00


Price to Sales Ratio
0.03


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-0.69


Enterprise Value to Sales
0.92


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.97

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
191,690.00


Income Per Employee
-450,379.00


Receivables Turnover
10.38


Total Asset Turnover
1.53

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.10


Quick Ratio
0.04


Cash Ratio
0.00



Profitability

Gross Margin
36.37


Operating Margin
-128.57


Pretax Margin
-234.95


Net Margin
-234.95


Return on Assets
-359.96

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Assets
180.56





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. William J. Caragol 
48
2001
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, CFO & Treasurer



Mr. Lyle L. Probst 
45
2011
President



Ms. Allison F. Tomek 
-
2007
Secretary & Senior VP-Corporate Development



Mr. Ned L. Siegel 
64
2011
Independent Director



Mr. Michael E. Krawitz 
46
2008
Independent Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/13/2015

William J. Caragol 
Chairman and CEO; Director

18,500


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


01/12/2015

William J. Caragol 
Chairman and CEO; Director

100,000


 
Award at $0.03 per share.


3,000


04/16/2014

William J. Caragol 
Chairman and CEO; Director

500,000


 
Award at $0.07 per share.


35,000


01/14/2014

William J. Caragol 
Chairman and CEO; Director

100,000


 
Award at $0.02 per share.


2,000


12/31/2013

Michael E. Krawitz 
Director

500,000


 
Award at $0.03 per share.


15,000


12/31/2013

Jeffrey S. Cobb 
Director

500,000


 
Award at $0.03 per share.


15,000


12/31/2013

Ned L. Siegel 
Director

500,000


 
Award at $0.03 per share.


15,000


01/08/2013

William J. Caragol 
Chairman and CEO; Director

2,500,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/08/2013

William J. Caragol 
Chairman and CEO; Director

18,472,907


 
Award at $0.02 per share.


369,458


01/08/2013

William J. Caragol 
Chairman and CEO; Director

10,000,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/08/2013

Michael E. Krawitz 
Director

2,500,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/08/2013

Jeffrey S. Cobb 
Director

1,500,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/08/2013

Ned L. Siegel 
Director

3,000,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/08/2013

Barry M. Edelstein                            
Director

1,500,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/04/2012

William J. Caragol 
Chairman and CEO; Director

5,000,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


09/28/2012

Bryan D. Happ                            


5,000,000


 
Award at $0.02 per share.


100,000








/news/latest/company/us/psid

      MarketWatch News on PSID
    




 Ebola stocks: 2 to sell, and 5 to consider buying
12:08 p.m. Oct. 13, 2014
 - The Trading Deck




 PositiveID opts not to implement reverse split
9:13 a.m. Aug. 30, 2011
 - MarketWatch.com









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/psid

      Other News on PSID
    




 10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP
5:49 p.m. May 15, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP
6:18 p.m. Nov. 18, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: POSITIVEID CORP
4:45 p.m. Aug. 12, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Ebola Stocks: A Real Portfolio Killer

7:35 a.m. Oct. 13, 2014
 - Seeking Alpha





Quality Systems Teams Up With 3M Health Information Systems - Analyst Blog

1:50 p.m. June 25, 2014
 - Zacks.com





Cerner Enters New Agreement with North Carolina's Mission Health - Analyst Blog

1:40 p.m. June 25, 2014
 - Zacks.com





St. Jude Medical Hits New 52-Week High - Analyst Blog

3:45 p.m. June 23, 2014
 - Zacks.com





St. Jude Medical Gets Award for Leadless Pacemaker - Analyst Blog

1:10 p.m. June 20, 2014
 - Zacks.com





Cerus (CERS) Soars: Stock Adds 6.5% in Session - Tale of the Tape

10:39 a.m. Feb. 10, 2014
 - Zacks.com





OraSure Technologies (OSUR) Jumps: Stock Up 10.3% - Tale of the Tape

9:51 a.m. Feb. 7, 2014
 - Zacks.com





GW Pharmaceuticals plc (GWPH) Jumps: Stock Rises 7.6% - Tale of the Tape

10:18 a.m. Feb. 5, 2014
 - Zacks.com





PositiveID Withdraws $13.9M Bid to Buy Digital Angel

3:28 p.m. Sept. 29, 2010
 - FOXBusiness














At a Glance

PositiveID Corp.
1690 South Congress Avenue
Suite 201

Delray Beach, Florida 33445




Phone
1 5618058000


Industry
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$5.56M


Net Income
$-13.06M


2016 Sales Growth 
89.1%


Employees

        29.00


Annual Report for PSID











/news/pressrelease/company/us/psid

      Press Releases on PSID
    




 PositiveID Closes Strategic Investment in ENG Mobile Systems for $1.5 Million
8:31 a.m. June 14, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID to Exhibit its Caregiver Non-Contact Thermometer at the Association for Professionals in Infection Control Conference June 14-16
8:31 a.m. June 8, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID Subsidiary ExcitePCR Names Chief Science Officer
8:01 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID Forms ExcitePCR Subsidiary to Better Position its Firefly Dx for $19 Billion Global Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market
8:00 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID Forms ExcitePCR Subsidiary to Better Position its Firefly Dx System for $19 Billion Global Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market
8:30 a.m. May 24, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
8:30 a.m. May 16, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID Reports 2016 Results; Revenue of $5.6 Million, up 89% Year over Year
8:30 a.m. April 3, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems Expands Service Business to Offer Mobile Maintenance and Repair
8:30 a.m. March 20, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems' 2017 Bookings Through February Total $1.7 Million, Up More than 200% from Prior Quarter
8:30 a.m. March 14, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID's Thermomedics Joins Patient Safety Movement
9:30 a.m. March 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID Corporation Announces 2016 Highlights
9:30 a.m. Feb. 21, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID Corporation to Exhibit its Caregiver Non-Contact Thermometer at the Health Connect Partners 2017 Spring Hospital Supply Chain Conference
9:30 a.m. Feb. 13, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 PositiveID's E-N-G Mobile Systems Receives $1.2 Million Purchase Order for Mobile Labs, the Largest Purchase Order since its Acquisition
9:30 a.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 SeeThruEquity Issues Update on PositiveID Corp. (OTCQB: PSID)
9:01 a.m. Sept. 6, 2016
 - ACCESSWIRE




 PositiveID to Exhibit its Caregiver Non-Contact Thermometer at the Association for Healthcare Resource and Materials Management Conference July 31-August 3
8:30 a.m. July 27, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:24 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:01pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
8:32pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
8:14pRedfin prices IPO higher than expected for $1.2 billion valuation
8:06pSpaceX valuation jumps to $21 billion on new financing round
7:15pHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
7:14pHeadline: Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster
6:55pSenate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
6:47pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
6:39pEthereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
6:04pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
6:03pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
5:48pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
5:48pWhat a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:33pBaidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
5:30pBREAKINGSenators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
5:27pJonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
5:23pAmazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
5:22pA quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















National Pen® Official Site | Promotional Products Since 1966














































  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  
























Quick Shopping Links

Toggle Links



 Quick Shopping Links   National Pen Brand  Buy 1, Get Some Free  Sales & Closeout New Products  Best Selling Products  Rush Service  Full Color Designs 









Submit









Personalized Pens  Retractable Pens Plastic Pens Metal Pens Gel Ink Pens Blue Ink Pens BIC & National Pen  Bags  Tote Bags Coolers  Drinkware  Travel Mugs Water Bottles  Office  Magnets Letter Openers  Auto & Home  Key Chains Flashlights  Stationery  Note Pads Sticky Notes Calendars  Popular Brands  BIC PaperMate Uni-Ball Sharpie KOOZIE 







xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!
































 Popular Searches    Contour Pens Squiggle Pens Colorama Pens Cirrus Pens     DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Superball Pen Flashlight Pens     Custom Selfie Stick Key Chain Flashlight  Stylus Pens BIC Pens     Tech Gadgets Budget Friendly Products Low Minimum Pens All Promotional Products    




National Pen®  - Your #1 source for promotional products and personalized pens
National Pen®  offers high quality personalized products at factory-direct pricing.  In business over 45 years, we manufacture and assemble many of our promotional products in the USA.  Advertise your business by imprinting your company name or logo on personalized pens, key chains, note pads, magnets, calendars, mugs, tote bags & more.  Personalized promotional products are perfect for trade show giveaways, customer appreciation, corporate events, and marketing your brand.




























+Close
Join Our Email List


Join our list to be the first to know about new products, special offers, sales and more!
Plus, get 15% off  your next order.


Email:


First Name:


Last Name:


Cancel


                            You can opt out at anytime. Please refer to our Privacy Policy
 or Contact Us
 for more details












XClose
Survey














