


Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















PDBC stock quote - PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio price - NASDAQ.com










































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    PDBC















PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio Quote & Summary Data 


PDBC 
$16.25
*  
0.10

0.62%
Get PDBC Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 27, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading PDBC now
				        




Exchange:NASDAQ 
 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    PDBC Pre-Market



















PDBC





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    ETF Details
               
        
Summary Quote
ETF Detail
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
        
                ETF NEWS
ETF Headlines
Market Stream
FUNDAMENTALS
Short Interest
Dividend History






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off


















                                            Best Bid/Ask
                                            


                                                    "Best Bid" is the highest price currently being offered for a block of stock.
                                                    
                                                    "Best Ask" is the lowest price currently being asked for a block of stock.
                                                




N/A / N/A


1 Year Target





                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 16.29 / $ 16.1956




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





49,910





                                        50 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




N/A




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




$ 16.15




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        $ 18.45 / $ 14.9528
                                    


 



                                            Market cap
                                            


	                                                “Market Capitalization” is a measure of the estimated value of the common equity securities of the company or their equivalent. It does not include securities convertible into the common equity securities. “Market Capitalization” is derived from the last sale price for the displayed class of listed securities and the total number of shares outstanding for both listed and unlisted securities (as applicable). NASDAQ does not use this value to determine compliance with the listing requirements.
                                                




$ 448,565,000 


Annualized dividend
$ 1.1242




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




Dec. 16, 2016


Dividend Payment Date
Dec. 30, 2016




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




6.96 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




0




                                            NASDAQ Official Open Price
                                            


	                                                NASDAQ Official Opening Price: This process identifies the NASDAQ-specific opening prices for NASDAQ-listed issues.
	                                                




$ 16.22




									            Date of Open Price
									            


											            "Date of Open Price" This field refers to the date the NASDAQ Official Open Price was disseminated for a given stock. It is possible that the date will not be from the current trading day; this indicates that the stock didn't trade on NASDAQ during the current trading day. The NASDAQ Official Open Price is updated only when the stock is traded on NASDAQ. 
											            




Jul. 27, 2017




                                        NASDAQ Official Close Price
                                        


                                                    "NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP)" is a process for identifying the NASDAQ market-specific closing price for NASDAQ-listed issues.
                                                    




$ 16.25




                                            Date of Close Price
                                            


	                                                This field refers to the date the NOCP was disseminated for a given stock. It is possible that the date will not be from the prior day; this indicates that the stock didn't trade on NASDAQ on the prior day. The NOCP is updated only when the stock is traded on NASDAQ. 
	                                                




Jul. 27, 2017


Community Sentiment







Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting


















Description
The PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio is an actively managed ETF that seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing in commodity-linked futures and other financial instruments that provide economic exposure to a diverse group of the world's most heavily traded commodities. The Fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation using an investment strategy designed to exceed the performance of DBIQ Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Index Excess Return, an index composed of futures contracts on 14 heavily traded commodities across the energy, precious metals, industrial metals and agriculture sectors.  Effective at the close of markets on Thursday, November 17, 2016, the Funds name has changed. Please see the Funds prospectus for further information. Previously named PowerShares DB Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy Portfolio.





Underlying Index
DBIQ Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Index Excess Return


Management Fee
0.59


Asset Class
commodity


Leverage
1
































News for PDBC









                        Crude Futures Settle Higher As Saudi Oil Chief Pledges Export Cuts
                    

7/24/2017 8:20:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        A Curious Yield Curve Re-Steepening (And Why It May Be A Fluke)
                    

7/18/2017 12:25:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        The Dollar Vs. Interest Rates: Steel Cage Death Match For Commodities
                    

7/17/2017 6:57:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Weekly Indicators: Long-Term Forecast Remains Neutral Edition
                    

7/16/2017 4:21:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Don't Fear The Commodity Slump - Yet
                    

7/14/2017 2:23:00 AM - Seeking Alpha




 Subscribe


                More PDBC News & Commentary



                Read PDBC Press Releases






























Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:
$


Quarterly EPS Est:



PEG Ratio:
N/A


Mean Recommendation:





            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX












































Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












			Region Selector | PowerShares Global ETF Capital Markets
		
















		 
	











Market Makers & Authorized Participants
The PowerShares Global ETF Capital Markets portal provides access to...

Creation/Redemption specifications
Basket details
Rebalance calendars
FTP access
Market Maker support
Capital Markets alerts






United States Capital Markets


US Capital Markets Website 








×

Are you an authorized participant?


The data requested is intended exclusively for entities who have executed 
				a participation agreement with the Funds, i.e., "Authorized Participants and/or Market Makers Only." 
				Although Invesco PowerShares Capital Markets has taken reasonable efforts to 
				ensure that the data is accurate and current, Invesco PowerShares offers no 
				warranty as to the accuracy of this data. By downloading this data, you are 
				representing that you are an Authorized Participant, may legally receive the 
				data, and agree that Invesco PowerShares shall not be held liable for any 
				errors or omissions with respect to this data.
The data included in the file is as of the date displayed in the file, and 
				is believed to be accurate; however, Invesco PowerShares makes no representation 
				or warranty as to the accuracy of this information. This information is subject 
				to change, and Invesco PowerShares undertakes no responsibility to update this 
				information.

×





You cannot continue to the Capital Markets site if you are not an authorized participant. Please contact us if you need assistance.
Return to the main screen





Yes, I'm an authorized participant
No, I'm not an authorized participant






Europe, Middle East and Africa
Telephone   +44-7786-248-125





Contact Us

					Global ETF Capital Markets
			
					877.983.0903
					CapitalMarkets@powershares.com



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:28 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio



Snapshot People




Company Overview
PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust - PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio is an exchange traded fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is managed by Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC. It invests in the commodity markets. The fund invests directly, through derivatives, and through other funds in commodities. It invests in derivatives such as futures contracts on commodities, commodity-linked notes and on commodity indices, exchange-traded options on commodities futures, swaps on commodities and commodity-related forward contracts to create its portfolio. The fund primarily invests in energy, precious metals, industri...
PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust - PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio is an exchange traded fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is managed by Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC. It invests in the commodity markets. The fund invests directly, through derivatives, and through other funds in commodities. It invests in derivatives such as futures contracts on commodities, commodity-linked notes and on commodity indices, exchange-traded options on commodities futures, swaps on commodities and commodity-related forward contracts to create its portfolio. The fund primarily invests in energy, precious metals, industrial metals and agriculture commodities. It invests through the wholly owned Cayman Islands subsidiary. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the DBIQ Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Index Excess Return index and the DBIQ Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Index Total Return. It was formerly known as PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust - PowerShares DB Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy Portfolio. PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust - PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio was formed on November 5, 2014 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


3500 Lacey RoadSuite 700Downers Grove, IL 60515United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 630-933-9600

www.invesco.com/portal/site/us/financial-professional/etfs/product-detail?productId=PDBC







Key Executives for PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio




Mr. Peter Hubbard


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 36
        







Mr. Theodore Samulowitz


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. David Hemming


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PowerShares Optimum Yield Diversified Commodity Strategy No K-1 Portfolio, please visit www.invesco.com/portal/site/us/financial-professional/etfs/product-detail?productId=PDBC.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Overview of the Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF | Direxion


























 






























The Easier, More Adaptive Way to Diversify with Commodities.
Most traditional commodity funds provide long only exposure to commodities. This limits their potential to contribute to a portfolio’s long-term performance because they only benefit if commodity prices rise.
Long-only commodity strategies have shown to be inconsistent over time because:

Commodity returns are typically cyclical and sporadic
Individual commodity sub-sectors tend to perform dissimilarly in different market environments
Significant draw-downs can be damaging to the long-term performance of a portfolio

Within the inherently volatile commodity markets, a long/flat approach is potentially more adaptive to whip-sawing market conditions.
Introducing The Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF
The Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF (Ticker: COM) allows investors to take advantage of rising commodity prices, in addition to mitigate risk by going flat (cash) when individual commodities are experiencing downward trends. It seeks to potentially provide commodity investment returns with lower risk characteristics than long-only commodity strategies.
The fund seeks to provide total return that exceeds that of the Auspice Broad Commodity Index over a complete market cycle. There is no guarantee the fund will meet its stated investment objectives. 
Fact Sheet Prospectus



 NAVs and market price information as of July 27, 2017






Ticker
Fund Name
Index/Benchmark
					(Bloomberg Symbol)
Target
Prospectus




COM

Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF

Auspice Broad Commodity Index (ABCERI)


Prospectus









All data as
					of 6/30/2017


Ticker
Fund Name
 
1 Mo %
3 Mo %
YTD %
1 YR %
3 YR %
5 YR %
10 YR %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio* (Gross/Net %)





COM

Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF

NAV
-2.32
-4.64





-3.88

3/30/2017

0.71 						/
						 0.70*					


Market Close
-1.83
-3.75





-3.60












Ticker
Fund Name
NAV
NAV Change $
NAV Change %
Market Price Closing
Market Price Closing
					Change($)
Market Price Closing
					Change(%)
Premium / Discount




COM

Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF

23.53
0.08
0.34
23.62
0.06
						0.25
0.09








* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.70%. The Fund’s Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”), has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with the Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse the Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.70% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following: taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at www.direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.




Get More Information 


First Name*
Last Name*
Company
Investment Professional Type*-- Please 

Select --Individual InvestorRegistered Investment AdvisorWirehouse/RegionalIndependent Broker DealerHedge 

FundInstitutional InvestorMarket MakerAuthorized 

ParticipantProp DeskPension Fund- State/GovernmentPension Fund - Corporate/PrivateEndowment/Foundation - PrivateOther
Email 

Address*
State or 

Province*-- Please Select --

AlaskaAlabamaArkansasAmerican SamoaArizonaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutD.C.DelawareFloridaMicronesiaGeorgiaGuamHawaiiIowaIdahoIllinoisIndianaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMassachusettsMarylandMaineMarshall IslandsMichiganMinnesotaMissouriMarianasMississippiMontanaNorth 

CarolinaNorth DakotaNebraskaNew HampshireNew 

JerseyNew MexicoNevadaNew YorkOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoPalauRhode IslandSouth 

CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVirginiaVirgin IslandsVermontWashingtonWisconsinWest VirginiaWyomingMilitary AmericasMilitary 

Europe/ME/CanadaMilitary PacificAlbertaManitobaBritish 

ColumbiaNew BrunswickNewfoundland and 

LabradorNova ScotiaNorthwest 

TerritoriesNunavutOntarioPrince Edward IslandQuebecSaskatchewanYukon 

Territory
Business PhoneZip or Postal Code*Contact 

Me

 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Overview of the Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF | Direxion


























 






























The Easier, More Adaptive Way to Diversify with Commodities.
Most traditional commodity funds provide long only exposure to commodities. This limits their potential to contribute to a portfolio’s long-term performance because they only benefit if commodity prices rise.
Long-only commodity strategies have shown to be inconsistent over time because:

Commodity returns are typically cyclical and sporadic
Individual commodity sub-sectors tend to perform dissimilarly in different market environments
Significant draw-downs can be damaging to the long-term performance of a portfolio

Within the inherently volatile commodity markets, a long/flat approach is potentially more adaptive to whip-sawing market conditions.
Introducing The Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF
The Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF (Ticker: COM) allows investors to take advantage of rising commodity prices, in addition to mitigate risk by going flat (cash) when individual commodities are experiencing downward trends. It seeks to potentially provide commodity investment returns with lower risk characteristics than long-only commodity strategies.
The fund seeks to provide total return that exceeds that of the Auspice Broad Commodity Index over a complete market cycle. There is no guarantee the fund will meet its stated investment objectives. 
Fact Sheet Prospectus



 NAVs and market price information as of July 27, 2017






Ticker
Fund Name
Index/Benchmark
					(Bloomberg Symbol)
Target
Prospectus




COM

Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF

Auspice Broad Commodity Index (ABCERI)


Prospectus









All data as
					of 6/30/2017


Ticker
Fund Name
 
1 Mo %
3 Mo %
YTD %
1 YR %
3 YR %
5 YR %
10 YR %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio* (Gross/Net %)





COM

Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF

NAV
-2.32
-4.64





-3.88

3/30/2017

0.71 						/
						 0.70*					


Market Close
-1.83
-3.75





-3.60












Ticker
Fund Name
NAV
NAV Change $
NAV Change %
Market Price Closing
Market Price Closing
					Change($)
Market Price Closing
					Change(%)
Premium / Discount




COM

Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETF

23.53
0.08
0.34
23.62
0.06
						0.25
0.09








* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.70%. The Fund’s Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”), has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with the Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse the Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.70% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following: taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at www.direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.




Get More Information 


First Name*
Last Name*
Company
Investment Professional Type*-- Please 

Select --Individual InvestorRegistered Investment AdvisorWirehouse/RegionalIndependent Broker DealerHedge 

FundInstitutional InvestorMarket MakerAuthorized 

ParticipantProp DeskPension Fund- State/GovernmentPension Fund - Corporate/PrivateEndowment/Foundation - PrivateOther
Email 

Address*
State or 

Province*-- Please Select --

AlaskaAlabamaArkansasAmerican SamoaArizonaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutD.C.DelawareFloridaMicronesiaGeorgiaGuamHawaiiIowaIdahoIllinoisIndianaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMassachusettsMarylandMaineMarshall IslandsMichiganMinnesotaMissouriMarianasMississippiMontanaNorth 

CarolinaNorth DakotaNebraskaNew HampshireNew 

JerseyNew MexicoNevadaNew YorkOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoPalauRhode IslandSouth 

CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVirginiaVirgin IslandsVermontWashingtonWisconsinWest VirginiaWyomingMilitary AmericasMilitary 

Europe/ME/CanadaMilitary PacificAlbertaManitobaBritish 

ColumbiaNew BrunswickNewfoundland and 

LabradorNova ScotiaNorthwest 

TerritoriesNunavutOntarioPrince Edward IslandQuebecSaskatchewanYukon 

Territory
Business PhoneZip or Postal Code*Contact 

Me

 



















Invesco - Home - Home




















 
 Corporate Home








Invesco



PowerShares by Invesco



 

Leading the Intelligent ETF Revolution
PowerShares by Invesco is leading the Intelligent ETF Revolution through its family
            of more than 140 domestic and international exchange-traded funds (ETFs). 
PowerShares by Invesco US  




Financial
                    Professionals 
Choose this role





Individual Investors 
Choose this role





Registered Investment Advisors 
Choose this role





Institutions 
Choose this role





Defined
                    Contribution 
Choose this role








PowerShares by Invesco – Other Regions


 Canada (English)


 Canada (Francaise)


 Continental Europe


 United Kingdom






PowerShares® is a registered trademark of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC (PowerShares by 
        Invesco). PowerShares and Invesco Distributors, Inc. are indirect, wholly owned
          subsidiaries of Invesco Ltd.





© Copyright Invesco Ltd. 2014 | All Rights Reserved








Remember My Selection



              Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Cancel  Continue


Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering
        your choice. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.


 







Institutions



              *Required.
              This portion of the Invesco web site is specifically prepared for Institutional Investors in the US. The content and investment strategies discussed may not be suitable for and/or available to all investors. By checking the box and clicking continue, I confirm that I am an US Institutional Investor.

Remember My Selection



              Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Cancel  Continue


Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering
        your choice. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 















	CMCAX - CM Commodity Index Fund | Snapshot | Mutual Fund- VanEck









Menu



Contact

































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        






























Home » VanEck Funds » Mutual Funds » CMCAX - CM Commodity Index Fund
             » Overview
        









  PDF







Share on Facebook Facebook
Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon


Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn
Submit to Reddit reddit


Tweet Twitter
Pin it Pinterest


Share on Google+ Google+
Share on Digg Digg


Post to Tumblr Tumblr
Share on Delicious  Delicious








CMCAXCM Commodity Index Fund
        



















            Ticker:-
            CMCAX;false;CMCITR;
        










            Ticker Group:-
            CMC;false;CMCITR;
        













              Class A - CMCAX
            

              Class I - COMIX
            

              Class Y - CMCYX
            















                Videos


Demand for Oil Strong Despite Anemic Global Growth (3:49)Shawn Reynolds


Commodities Rebound Gaining Momentum (4:11)Roland Morris


View more videos















 
 














How To Purchase
Learn more on how to purchase shares of VanEck Funds


















                    Individual Investors




                        Subscribe to email updates
                    

Subscribe now





        Financial Professionals





                    Subscribe to email updates, or 
password protected financial professional-only content
                

                    LOGIN
                


                        email address/username
                    


                         
                    



                        password
                    


                         
                    




New? Register Here


Forgot Password





































Daily Price
                      
as of 07/27/17




NAV†
DAILY CHANGE


$4.68
 $0.02 / +0.4%

































Class A Details: CMCAX



              INCEPTION DATE
            

              GROSS/NET EXPENSES1


12/31/10
1.31%/0.95%


















                Fund Literature
            


Fact Sheet


Summary Prospectus


Annual Report


Semi-Annual Report


















							Overview
						



							Performance
						



							Portfolio Analytics
						



							Investment Team
						



							Commentary
						



							Fees & Minimums
						















 

Fund Summary and Key Points
The VanEck CM Commodity Index Fund (the "Fund") seeks to track, before fees and expenses, the UBS Bloomberg Constant Maturity Commodity Index (the “CMCI”). CMCI is a next-generation commodity index diversified across maturities, minimizing its exposure to the front end of the futures curvesBy spreading its exposure across multiple maturities and maintaining a constant maturity per commodity, CMCI seeks to mitigate the impacts of negative roll yield in contango environmentsDiversified across five commodity sectors and 27 commodity components; energy allocation typically around 35%In contrast with many “enhanced” commodity funds, offers “pure” commodity exposure by investing in commodity-linked derivative instruments and more conservative fixed income securities, such as U.S. Treasury Bills













 Making the Investment Case for CMCIStrategy Overview: Constant Maturity Commodity Index











                 


Using the Constant Maturity Approach to Commodities (7:28)Roland Morris























Fund Details as of 06/30/17


Net Assets (All Classes)
$327.0M


Number of Commodity Sectors
5


Number of Commodity Components
27


Avg. Weighted Contract Maturity
6.7 Months


Benchmark Index
UBS Bloomberg Constant Maturity Commodity Index (CMCI)



















Investment Approach

The VanEck CM Commodity Index Fund is a passively-managed mutual fund that seeks to track the CMCI by primarily investing in commodity-linked derivative instruments and conservatively-managed fixed income instruments. 


The Fund may invest in instruments linked to the value of a particular commodity or commodity futures contract, or a subset of commodities or commodity futures contracts, through a wholly owned subsidiary of the Fund formed in the Cayman Islands. 






 




























Performance History: Average Annual Total Returns* (%)
                  Month End
                  as of 06/30/17
                  Quarter End
                  as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(12/31/10)VanEck CM Commodity Index Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value0.00-3.62-4.83-2.73-14.51-8.72---8.48At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-5.82-9.22-10.30-8.29-16.19-9.79---9.31UBS Bloomberg CMCI Index20.22-3.28-4.12-1.30-13.27-7.43-3.07--
                  Quarter End as of 06/30/171 MO3 MOYTD1 YR3 YR5 YR10 YRLIFE(12/31/10)VanEck CM Commodity Index Fund: Class AAt Net Asset Value0.00-3.62-4.83-2.73-14.51-8.72---8.48At Maximum 5.75% Sales Charge-5.82-9.22-10.30-8.29-16.19-9.79---9.31UBS Bloomberg CMCI Index20.22-3.28-4.12-1.30-13.27-7.43-3.07--*Returns less than one year are not annualized.The table presents past performance which is no guarantee of future results and which may be lower or higher than current performance. Returns reflect temporary contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements. Had the Fund incurred all expenses and fees1, investment returns would have been reduced. Expenses: Class A: Gross 1.31% and Net 0.95%. Expenses are capped contractually through 05/01/18 at 0.95% for Class A. Investment returns and Fund share values will fluctuate so that investors' shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. 















CMCI Target Sector Weightings (%): Overview for 2016-2017






Sector
% OF NET ASSETS




											■
										
Energy
34.2
#40699c

34.2




											■
										
Agriculture
29.2
#215465

29.2




											■
										
Industrial Metals
26.8
#3c8da3

26.8




											■
										
Precious Metals
5.4
#a3cd3b

5.4




											■
										
Livestock
4.4
#7f9a48

4.4
























Contact UsPrivacyLegalFeedbackSitemap











Important Disclosure 
Unless otherwise stated, portfolio facts and statistics are shown for Class A shares; other classes may have different characteristics. 
†NAV: Unless you are eligible for a waiver, the public offering price you pay when you buy Class A shares of the Fund is the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the shares plus an initial sales charge. The initial sales charge varies depending upon the size of your purchase.  No sales charge is imposed where Class A shares are issued to you pursuant to the automatic investment of income dividends or capital gains distribution. It is the responsibility of the financial intermediary to ensure that the investor obtains the proper “breakpoint” discount. Class I and Class Y do not have an initial sales charge. See the 
                 
    prospectus for more information.
1Van Eck Absolute Return Advisers Corporation (the “Adviser”) has agreed to waive fees and/or pay Fund expenses to the extent necessary to prevent the operating expenses of the Fund (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, interest expense, trading
            expenses, dividends and interest payments on securities sold short, taxes and extraordinary expenses) from exceeding 0.95% for Class A, 0.65% for Class I, and 0.70% for Class Y of the Fund’s average daily net assets per year until May 1, 2018. During such time, the
            expense limitation is expected to continue until the Board of Trustees acts to discontinue all or a portion of such expense limitation.

2The UBS Bloomberg Constant Maturity Commodity Index (CMCI) is a Total Return rules-based composite benchmark index diversified across 27 commodity components from within five sectors, specifically energy, precious metals, industrial metals, agricultural and livestock. The S&P® 500 Index consists of 500 widely held common stocks covering industrial, utility, financial and transportation sectors. The S&P® Goldman Sachs Commodity Total Return Index (SPGSCITR) is a composite index of commodity sector returns, representing an unleveraged, long-only investment in commodity futures. The Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond (BbgBarc US Agg Bond) Index is composed of the mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and government/credit bonds. All indices are unmanaged and include the reinvestment of all dividends, but do not reflect the payment of transaction costs, advisory fees or expenses that are associated with an investment in the Fund. An index’s performance is not illustrative of the Fund’s performance. Indices are not securities in which investments can be made.

UBS and Bloomberg own or exclusively license, solely or jointly as agreed between them, all proprietary rights with respect to the Index. In no way do UBS or Bloomberg sponsor or endorse, nor are they otherwise involved in the issuance and offering of the Fund, nor do either of them make any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the holders of the Fund or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in the Fund or commodities generally or in futures particularly, or as to results to be obtained from the use of the Index or from the Fund.
The views and opinions expressed are those of VanEck. Fund manager commentaries are general in nature and should not be construed as investment advice. Opinions are subject to change with market conditions. Any discussion of specific securities mentioned in the commentaries is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy these securities. Fund holdings will vary.

You can lose money by investing in the Fund. Any investment in the Fund should be part of an overall investment program, not a complete program. Commodities are assets that have tangible properties, such as oil, metals, and agriculture. Commodities and commodity-linked derivatives may be affected by overall market movements and other factors that affect the value of a particular industry or commodity, such as weather, disease, embargoes or political or regulatory developments. The value of a commodity-linked derivative is generally based on price movements of a commodity, a commodity futures contract, a commodity index or other economic variables based on the commodity markets. Derivatives use leverage, which may exaggerate a loss. The Fund is subject to the risks associated with its investments in commodity-linked derivatives, risks of investing in wholly owned subsidiary, risk of tracking error, risks of aggressive investment techniques, leverage risk, derivatives risks, counterparty risks, non-diversification risk, credit risk, concentration risk and market risk. The use of commodity-linked derivatives such as swaps, commodity-linked structured notes and futures entails substantial risks, including risk of loss of a significant portion of their principal value, lack of a secondary market, increased volatility, correlation risk, liquidity risk, interest-rate risk, market risk, credit risk, valuation risk and tax risk. Gains and losses from speculative positions in derivatives may be much greater than the derivative’s cost. At any time, the risk of loss of any individual security held by the Fund could be significantly higher than 50% of the security’s value. Investment in commodity markets may not be suitable for all investors. The Fund’s investment in commodity-linked derivative instruments may subject the Fund to greater volatility than investment in traditional securities. For a description of these and other risk considerations, please refer to the Fund’s 
        
    prospectus, which should be read carefully before you invest. Again, the Fund offers investors exposure to the broad commodity markets, currently, by investing in commodity-linked swaps.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment company carefully before investing. The prospectus and summary prospectus contain this and other information.  Please read them carefully before investing.
 
  










Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor               
    666 Third Avenue               
    New York, NY 10017
800.826.2333 
©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.










×













	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































Mutual Fund List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Mutual Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  Addressing The Top Misconceptions About Alternative Investments    


Alternative strategies have the potential to be a viable way for investors, whether institutional or retail, to reduce risk in their investment portfolios.


  Alternatives? Too Many, or Not Enough?    


The key to risk-adjusted returns and diversification is not the number of securities – it’s their correlation – or, really, non-correlation – to each other, that’s paramount.


  A Correlation Misconception    


Some clients confuse negative correlation with low (or non-) correlation. They mistakenly believe that returns for investments with low correlation move in opposite directions from each other.
 More articles like this
 
















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Mutual Fund List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Mutual Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  Addressing The Top Misconceptions About Alternative Investments    


Alternative strategies have the potential to be a viable way for investors, whether institutional or retail, to reduce risk in their investment portfolios.


  Alternatives? Too Many, or Not Enough?    


The key to risk-adjusted returns and diversification is not the number of securities – it’s their correlation – or, really, non-correlation – to each other, that’s paramount.


  A Correlation Misconception    


Some clients confuse negative correlation with low (or non-) correlation. They mistakenly believe that returns for investments with low correlation move in opposite directions from each other.
 More articles like this
 













