








Antares Pharma Appoints Fred M. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Nasdaq:ATRS









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Antares Pharma Appoints Fred M. Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer




















October 31, 2016 09:00 ET

 | Source: Antares Pharma Inc






EWING, N.J., Oct.  31, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Antares Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATRS) today announced the appointment of Fred M. Powell to the position of Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective October 31, 2016.  Mr. Powell has a diversified corporate background including more than 20 years of financial experience within the biotech and pharmaceutical industry. Most recently, Mr. Powell served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Celator Pharmaceuticals, which was a publicly-held biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of a portfolio of cancer therapies.  At Celator, he was responsible for the Company’s accounting, corporate finance and financial planning functions and played an integral role in the sale of Celator to Jazz Pharmaceuticals for over $1.5 billion.  Prior to joining Celator, Mr. Powell was the chief financial officer of OraPharma, Inc. where he helped develop and grow the specialty healthcare company with annual sales of approximately $100 million until its acquisition by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in June, 2012.  Mr. Powell was also chief financial officer of BMP Sunstone Corporation, a publicly traded U.S. specialty pharmaceutical company with annual sales in excess of $150 million, where he helped guide rapid double-digit growth and its eventual sale to Sanofi-Aventis for $520 million.  He also held senior finance and administration positions at Eximias Pharmaceutical Corporation, Innaphase Corporation and ERT.  Mr. Powell began his career with KPMG Peat Marwick and is a graduate of Penn State University. Robert F. Apple, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, “We are very pleased to have Fred join the executive leadership team at Antares Pharma, bringing with him over 25 years of extensive financial experience, including more than two decades of experience in the healthcare industry.  I believe Fred’s arrival will have a positive impact on our future growth, given his track record of successful business transactions in the areas of license agreements, joint ventures and acquisitions.” “I’m very excited to be joining Antares Pharma, and I look forward to making an immediate contribution to the organization.”  Mr. Powell continued, “I believe that my background in finance and corporate development will complement the exciting business growth at Antares.  With novel technology that has produced three approved drug device combination products and three first-to-file partnered products under active review for marketing approval at the Food and Drug Administration, I believe Antares Pharma is well-positioned for continued growth.” About Antares Pharma Antares Pharma focuses on self-administered parenteral pharmaceutical products. The Company’s product, OTREXUP™ (methotrexate) injection for subcutaneous use, is approved in the U.S. for the treatment of adults with severe active rheumatoid arthritis, children with active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and adults with severe recalcitrant psoriasis. The Company and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd. (Teva) recently announced the U.S. commercial launch of VIBEX® Sumatriptan Injection USP for the acute treatment of migraine and cluster headache. Antares Pharma is also developing QuickShot® Testosterone for testosterone replacement therapy. The Company's technology platforms include VIBEX® disposable auto injectors, disposable multi-use pen injectors and reusable needle-free injectors. Antares Pharma has a multi-product deal with Teva that includes VIBEX® epinephrine, exenatide multi-dose pen, and teriparatide multi-dose pen. Our reusable needle-free injector for use with human growth hormone (hGH) is sold worldwide by Ferring B.V.  The Company is also working with AMAG Pharmaceuticals on a subcutaneous method of administering Makena, a progesterone product indicated for use in lowering the risk of pre-term birth. For more information, visit www.antarespharma.com. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that can cause actual results to differ materially from those described.  Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: the future growth of Antares and the impact of Fred M. Powell, the timing and results of the phase 3 studies for QuickShot® Testosterone (QST) and acceptance of the data by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”); the timing and Company’s ability to successfully complete a New Drug Application (“NDA”) for QST, acceptance of the NDA for QST by the FDA and approval of the same by the FDA; Teva’s ability to successfully commercialize VIBEX® Sumatriptan Injection USP and the amount of revenue from the same; continued growth of prescriptions and sales of OTREXUP™; FDA action with respect to Teva’s Abbreviated New Drug Application (“ANDA”) filed for the Exenatide pen (generic version of Byetta) and future revenue from the same; Teva’s ability to adequately and timely respond to the Complete Response Letter received from the FDA for the VIBEX® epinephrine pen ANDA and approval by the FDA of the same, the timing and therapeutic equivalence rating thereof, and any future purchase orders and revenue pre or post FDA approval; the outcome of the pending patent litigation between Teva and Eli Lilly and Company regarding the Teriparatide multi-dose pen (generic version of Forteo); the timing and approval by the FDA of Teva’s ANDA for the Teriparatide multi-dose pen and any future revenue resulting therefrom; the timing and results of the development project with AMAG Pharmaceuticals for an auto injector for Makena; the timing and results of research projects, clinical trials and product candidates in development; actions by the FDA or other regulatory agencies with the respect to the Company’s products or product candidates of its partners; continued growth in product, development, licensing and royalty revenue; the Company’s ability to obtain financial and other resources for its research, development, clinical, and commercial activities and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, and involve predictions. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance, achievements or prospects to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or prospects expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as ''may'', ''will'', ''should'', ''would'', ''expect'', ''intend'', ''plan'', ''anticipate'', ''believe'', ''estimate'', ''predict'', ''potential'', ''seem'', ''seek'', ''future'', ''continue'', or ''appear'' or the negative of these terms or similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Additional information concerning these and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements is contained in the "Risk Factors" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in the Company's other periodic reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The Company cautions investors not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to the Company on the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release, except as required by law.Investor Contacts:
Jack Howarth
Vice President, Corporate Affairs
(609) 359-3016
jhowarth@antarespharma.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Antares Pharma Inc


Antares Pharma Announces Debt Financing From Hercules Capital
June 07, 2017 07:00


Antares Pharma to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Healthcare Conference
June 01, 2017 07:00


Antares Pharma Announces Poster Presentation at the American Urological Association Annual Meeting
May 16, 2017 07:00


Antares Pharma Reports First Quarter 2017 Operating and Financial Results
May 09, 2017 07:00


Antares Pharma to Report First Quarter 2017 Financial and Operating Results and Host Webcast and Conference Call
May 02, 2017 07:00








Profile

Antares Pharma Inc





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Ewing, New Jersey, UNITED STATES
  http://www.antarespharma.com




Contact Data
Investor Contacts:
Jack Howarth
Vice President, Corporate Affairs
(609) 359-3016
jhowarth@antarespharma.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Antares Pharma Inc  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





   Fred Powell | Celator Pharmaceuticals Inc | ZoomInfo.com








Fred M. Powell - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Fred M. Powell
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Antares Pharma, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Fred M. Powell? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Fred M. Powell's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Fred M. Powell's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Fred M. Powell's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Fred M. Powell through your network of contacts.
												








Fred M. Powell's Executive Work History


Current


Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Antares Pharma, Inc.


Past
To view Fred M. Powell's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Fred M. Powell's Biography



Fred M. Powell serves as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Powell joined us in October 2016. Prior to joining Antares, from December 2012 until October 2016, Mr. Powell served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Celator Pharmaceuticals Inc. Prior to joining Celator, from March 2011 until November 2012, Mr. Powell was the Chief Financial Officer of OraPharma, Inc. From 2005 until 2011, Mr. Powell was Chief Financial Officer of BMP Sunstone Corporation. From 2002 until 2004, Mr. Powell served as the Chief Financial Officer of Eximias Pharmaceutical Corporation, a privately-held biopharmaceutical company. F ...
(Read More)

			Fred M. Powell serves as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Powell joined us in October 2016. Prior to joining Antares, from December 2012 until October 2016, Mr. Powell served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Celator Pharmaceuticals Inc. Prior to joining Celator, from March 2011 until November 2012, Mr. Powell was the Chief Financial Officer of OraPharma, Inc. From 2005 until 2011, Mr. Powell was Chief Financial Officer of BMP Sunstone Corporation. From 2002 until 2004, Mr. Powell served as the Chief Financial Officer of Eximias Pharmaceutical Corporation, a privately-held biopharmaceutical company. From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Powell served as the Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration, of InnaPhase Corporation, a technology solutions provider for life sciences companies that was acquired by Thermo-Electron Corporation in 2004. From 1993 to 1999, Mr. Powell held various positions at Premier Research Worldwide, a publicly-traded company specializing in providing clinical and diagnostic services to the pharmaceutical and biotech industries, including Director of Finance and Administration, from 1993 to 1996, and Chief Financial Officer, from 1996 to 1999. Prior to 1989, Mr. Powell held various positions of increasing responsibility at KPMG LLP. Mr. Powell holds a BS in Accounting from Pennsylvania State University.
		
Source: Antares Pharma, Inc. on 04/27/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Fred M. Powell's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Fred M. Powell. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Fred M. Powell's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Fred M. Powell's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Fred M. Powell through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Fred M. Powell


















Fred M. Powell's Connections (45)





Sign up now to view Fred M. Powell's 45 connections »









Martyn D. Greenacre
Board Member, Curis, Inc.









Zhijun Tong
Board Member, China Biologic Products, Inc.









Peter J. Graham
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer, Human Resources, Antares Pharma, Inc.









Daniel P. Harrington
Board Member, Churchill Downs Incorporated









George W. Bickerstaff
Board Member, CareDx









Keith E. Muckenhirn
Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller, Antares Pharma, Inc.









David X. Gao
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, China Biologic Products, Inc.









Marvin Samson
Former Board Member, Antares Pharma, Inc.









Albert W. Yeung
Board Member, China Biologic Products, Inc.









Michael R. Dougherty
Board Member, Aviragen Therapeutics, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
























 




Fred Powell                                                                                                              - Tyler                                             , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Tyler



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Fred Powell
                                    



 





















F 


Fred Powell                                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



325 W 4TH ST TYLER, TX 75701
Get Directions



(903) 593-5229
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $53,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Fred Powell                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011, Fred Powell                                                                                                              has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Tyler. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Fred Powell, Insurance Agent/Broker at F & M Marketing. Insurance professional in Milford, IN





































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit

























































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets













Are you Fred Powell?


Claim your user profile and you will be on your way to enhancing your professional profile in minutes!



105 Public Views


70 Member Views


28 Requests For Info.


Claim My Profile















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...






















Fred Powell
Member Since: September 2015


















12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this person?
2. What about this person do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit










Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this person?
2. What about this person do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit
























0

                            Reputation ?



The higher your score, the more credibility you have as a member of the site. A reputation score is a system calculated score that takes the following factors into consideration: 

Your profile completeness and accuracy (including pictures)
Your connections and followers
Your activity on blogs, discussions, groups.
How others rate your content, contributions, answers to questions.
Your expertise in your field - other users can rate your responses and that affects your overall reputation score.
The value and frequency of your contributions to the member community.











Insurance Agent/Broker

at
F & M Marketing







                                    Public Profile: 
                                    https://completemarkets.com/FredPowell/




 Fred has 0 reviews and recommendations from industry peers, insurance clients and/or prospects.   Fred has been an active member of our network of insurance professionals for 1 year/s.
                                




Follow
21




The person you selected will have to confirm your request. You may add a personal message:















Fill out the form below to follow Fred Powell.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow





You are now following Fred Powell.






You are already following Fred Powell.

Unfollow


























            Please wait...












About MeCareer HistoryContentConnectionsReviews










Claim My Profile
















Contact:


Fred Powell





Phone:


574-658-3345





Address:


Milford, IN, 46542, USA











Time Zone:


UTC





Languages Spoken:


English











Company/Agency





Name:


F & M Marketing
















Be the first to write a client testimonial or peer review!






Please login to leave a comment.


Connect


Connect






Sorry, you are not authorized to leave a comment on this review. Only the owner of the profile or the reviewer can leave a comment on this review.














12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)





12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)





12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)





12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)





12345






Rating history (Content is rated 0.00 of 0 vote(s).)
Shows who have rated the content, and the rating score.







(0)



Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this person?
2. What about this person do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit





















Most helpful positive review:












None of the reviews have been marked helpful.



Most helpful negative review:












None of the reviews have been marked not helpful.








News Feed


											
            
            
            Currently there are no messages on Fred Powell's wall.
            






            Please wait...









            Please wait...










Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.





















Fred M Powell - El Cajon, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Fred M Powell in El Cajon, CA


Fred M Powell

                                                                           Intelius found that Fred M Powell  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from El Cajon, CA.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Fredrick Marshall Powell


Get Report Now

Age

Fred M Powell is in his 30s

Fred Has Lived In

El Cajon, CA
Bloomington, IL
Portland, OR

Fred's Relatives

Angelika Powell
Barbara Powell
Maryann Powell
Raymond Powell







Fred M Powell



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Owner at Powel Architectural Servi



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Fred? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Fred, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Fred M Powell
Get a Criminal Check on Fred M Powell
Get a Public Record Report on Fred M Powell
Get a People Search Report on Fred M Powell


Fred M Powell's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Fred M Powell has lived as well as Fred M Powell's phone numbers and email addresses.




Fred M Powell Has Lived in 3 States
California Address for Fred M Powell


517 H***** S* 

El Cajon, CA


Has Lived In

El Cajon, CA
Bloomington, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Fred M Powell

(619) ***-**** - El Cajon, CA 
(309) ***-**** - Normal, IL 
(503) ***-**** - Portland, OR 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Fred M Powell

f********l@***.com


Get Email Report




Fred M Powell's Professional Information
Information regarding Fred M Powell's professional history.  Find out previous places Fred M Powell has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Fred M Powell Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Powel Architectural Servi
               Title: Owner
Fred M Powell's Experience
Title: Owner
               Company: Powel Architectural Servi
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on Fred M Powell

 See Fred M Powell's LinkedIn Profile



Fred M Powell's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Fred M Powell


Fred M Powell's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Fred M Powell's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Fred Powell
Username Matches

                  FredPowell
                  PowellFred
                  Fred.Powell
                  Powell.Fred
                  Fred_Powell
                  Powell_Fred
                  Fred-Powell
                  Powell-Fred
                  FPowell
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Powell







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











