


Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Exchange-traded fund - Wikipedia





















 






Exchange-traded fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

An exchange-traded fund (ETF) is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, much like stocks.[1][2] An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities, or bonds and generally operates with an arbitrage mechanism designed to keep it trading close to its net asset value,[3] although deviations can occasionally occur. Most ETFs track an index, such as a stock index or bond index. ETFs may be attractive as investments because of their low costs, tax efficiency, and stock-like features.[4][5] By 2013, ETFs had become the most popular type of exchange-traded product.[citation needed]
ETF distributors only buy or sell ETFs directly from or to authorized participants, which are large broker-dealers with whom they have entered into agreements—and then, only in creation units, which are large blocks of tens of thousands of ETF shares, usually exchanged in-kind with baskets of the underlying securities. Authorized participants may wish to invest in the ETF shares for the long-term, but they usually act as market makers on the open market, using their ability to exchange creation units with their underlying securities to provide liquidity of the ETF shares and help ensure that their intraday market price approximates the net asset value of the underlying assets.[3] Other investors, such as individuals using a retail broker, trade ETF shares on this secondary market.
An ETF combines the valuation feature of a mutual fund or unit investment trust, which can be bought or sold at the end of each trading day for its net asset value, with the tradability feature of a closed-end fund, which trades throughout the trading day at prices that may be more or less than its net asset value. Closed-end funds are not considered to be ETFs, even though they are funds and are traded on an exchange. ETFs have been available in the US since 1993 and in Europe since 1999. ETFs traditionally have been index funds, but in 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission began to authorize the creation of actively managed ETFs.[3]
ETFs offer both tax efficiency and lower transaction costs. More than US$2 trillion were invested in ETFs in the United States between when they were introduced in 1993 and 2015. By the end of 2015, ETFs offered "1,800 different products, covering almost every conceivable market sector, niche and trading strategy".[6]



Contents


1 Structure

1.1 United States


2 History
3 Investment uses
4 Types

4.1 Index ETFs
4.2 Stock ETFs
4.3 Bond ETFs
4.4 Commodity ETFs
4.5 Currency ETFs
4.6 Actively managed ETFs
4.7 Exchange-traded grantor trusts
4.8 Inverse ETFs
4.9 Leveraged ETFs


5 ETFs compared to mutual funds

5.1 Costs
5.2 Taxation
5.3 Trading


6 Regulation
7 Risks

7.1 Tracking error
7.2 Effects on stability
7.3 Regulatory risk
7.4 Counterparty risk


8 Liquidity
9 Criticism
10 Issuers of ETFs
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Structure[edit]
An ETF is a type of fund. It owns assets (bonds, stocks, gold bars, etc.) and divides ownership of itself into shares that are held by shareholders. The details of the structure (such as a corporation or trust) will vary by country, and even within one country there may be multiple possible structures.[7] The shareholders indirectly own the assets of the fund, and they will typically get an annual report. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the profits, such as interest or dividends, and they may get a residual value in case the fund is liquidated. Their ownership interest in the fund can easily be bought and sold.
ETFs are similar in many ways to traditional mutual funds, except that shares in an ETF can be bought and sold throughout the day like stocks on a stock exchange through a broker-dealer. Unlike traditional mutual funds, ETFs do not sell or redeem their individual shares at net asset value (NAV). Instead, financial institutions purchase and redeem ETF shares directly from the ETF, but only in large blocks (such as 50,000 shares), called creation units. Purchases and redemptions of the creation units generally are in kind, with the institutional investor contributing or receiving a basket of securities of the same type and proportion held by the ETF, although some ETFs may require or permit a purchasing or redeeming shareholder to substitute cash for some or all of the securities in the basket of assets.[3]
The ability to purchase and redeem creation units gives ETFs an arbitrage mechanism intended to minimize the potential deviation between the market price and the net asset value of ETF shares. Existing ETFs have transparent portfolios, so institutional investors will know exactly what portfolio assets they must assemble if they wish to purchase a creation unit, and the exchange disseminates the updated net asset value of the shares throughout the trading day, typically at 15-second intervals.[3]
If there is strong investor demand for an ETF, its share price will temporarily rise above its net asset value per share, giving arbitrageurs an incentive to purchase additional creation units from the ETF and sell the component ETF shares in the open market. The additional supply of ETF shares reduces the market price per share, generally eliminating the premium over net asset value. A similar process applies when there is weak demand for an ETF: its shares trade at a discount from net asset value.
United States[edit]
In the United States, most ETFs are structured as open-end management investment companies (the same structure used by mutual funds and money market funds), although a few ETFs, including some of the largest ones, are structured as unit investment trusts. ETFs structured as open-end funds have greater flexibility in constructing a portfolio and are not prohibited from participating in securities lending programs or from using futures and options in achieving their investment objectives.[8]
Under existing regulations, a new ETF must receive an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), giving it relief from provisions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 that would not otherwise allow the ETF structure. In 2008, the SEC proposed rules that would allow the creation of ETFs without the need for exemptive orders. Under the SEC proposal, an ETF would be defined as a registered open-end management investment company that:

issues (or redeems) creation units in exchange for the deposit (or delivery) of basket assets the current value of which is disseminated per share by a national securities exchange at regular intervals during the trading day
identifies itself as an ETF in any sales literature
issues shares that are approved for listing and trading on a securities exchange
discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the prior business day's net asset value and closing market price of the fund's shares, and the premium or discount of the closing market price against the net asset value of the fund's shares as a percentage of net asset value
either is an index fund, or discloses each business day on its publicly available web site the identities and weighting of the component securities and other assets held by the fund[3]

The SEC rule proposal would allow ETFs either to be index funds or to be fully transparent actively managed funds. Historically, all ETFs in the United States had been index funds.[citation needed] In 2008, however, the SEC began issuing exemptive orders to fully transparent actively managed ETFs. The first such order was to PowerShares Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust,[9] and the first actively managed ETF in the United States was the Bear Stearns Current Yield Fund, a short-term income fund that began trading on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol YYY on March 25, 2008.[10] The SEC rule proposal indicates that the SEC may still consider future applications for exemptive orders for actively managed ETFs that do not satisfy the proposed rule's transparency requirements.[3]
Some ETFs invest primarily in commodities or commodity-based instruments, such as crude oil and precious metals. Although these commodity ETFs are similar in practice to ETFs that invest in securities, they are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[3]
Publicly traded grantor trusts, such as Merrill Lynch's HOLDRs securities, are sometimes considered to be ETFs, although they lack many of the characteristics of other ETFs. Investors in a grantor trust have a direct interest in the underlying basket of securities, which does not change except to reflect corporate actions such as stock splits and mergers. Funds of this type are not investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940.[11]
As of 2009, there were approximately 1,500 exchange-traded funds traded on US exchanges.[12] This count uses the wider definition of ETF, including HOLDRs and closed-end funds.
History[edit]
ETFs had their genesis in 1989 with Index Participation Shares, an S&P 500 proxy that traded on the American Stock Exchange and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. This product, however, was short-lived after a lawsuit by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was successful in stopping sales in the United States.[13]
A similar product, Toronto Index Participation Shares, started trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) in 1990. The shares, which tracked the TSE 35 and later the TSE 100 indices, proved to be popular. The popularity of these products led the American Stock Exchange to try to develop something that would satisfy SEC regulation in the United States.[13]
Nathan Most and Steven Bloom, under the direction of Ivers Riley, designed and developed Standard & Poor's Depositary Receipts (NYSE Arca: SPY), which were introduced in January 1993.[14][15] Known as SPDRs or "Spiders", the fund became the largest ETF in the world. In May 1995 they introduced the MidCap SPDRs (NYSE Arca: MDY).
Barclays Global Investors, a subsidiary of Barclays PLC, in conjunction with MSCI and as its underwriter, a Boston-based third party distributor, Funds Distributor Inc., entered the market in 1996 with World Equity Benchmark Shares (WEBS), which became iShares MSCI Index Fund Shares. WEBS tracked MSCI country indices, originally 17, of the funds' index provider, Morgan Stanley. WEBS were particularly innovative because they gave casual investors easy access to foreign markets. While SPDRs were organized as unit investment trusts, WEBS were set up as a mutual fund, the first of their kind.[16][17]
In 1998, State Street Global Advisors introduced "Sector Spiders", which follow nine sectors of the S&P 500.[18] Also in 1998, the "Dow Diamonds" (NYSE Arca: DIA) were introduced, tracking the famous Dow Jones Industrial Average. In 1999, the influential "cubes" (NASDAQ: QQQ), were launched attempting to replicate the movement of the NASDAQ-100.
In 2000, Barclays Global Investors put a significant effort behind the ETF marketplace, with a strong emphasis on education and distribution to reach long-term investors. The iShares line was launched in early 2000. Within five years iShares had surpassed the assets of any other ETF competitor in the U.S. and Europe. Barclays Global Investors was sold to BlackRock in 2009.
The Vanguard Group entered the market in 2001. The first fund was Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSE Arca: VTI), which has become quite popular, and they made the Vanguard Extended Market Index ETF (VXF). Some of Vanguard's ETFs are a share class of an existing mutual fund.
iShares made the first bond funds in July 2002, based on US Treasury bonds and corporate bonds, such as iShares iBoxx $ Invst Grade Crp Bond (LQD). They also created a TIPS fund. In 2007, they introduced funds based on junk and muni bonds; about the same time SPDR and Vanguard got in gear and created several of their bond funds.
Since then ETFs have proliferated, tailored to an increasingly specific array of regions, sectors, commodities, bonds, futures, and other asset classes. As of January 2014, there were over 1,500 ETFs traded in the U.S., with over $1.7 trillion in assets.[19] In December 2014, U.S. ETF assets went above $2 trillion.[20]
Investment uses[edit]
ETFs generally provide the easy diversification, low expense ratios, and tax efficiency of index funds, while still maintaining all the features of ordinary stock, such as limit orders, short selling, and options. Because ETFs can be economically acquired, held, and disposed of, some investors invest in ETF shares as a long-term investment for asset allocation purposes, while other investors trade ETF shares frequently to implement market timing investment strategies.[8] Among the advantages of ETFs are the following:[11][21]

Lower costs: ETFs generally have lower costs than other investment products because most ETFs are not actively managed and because ETFs are insulated from the costs of having to buy and sell securities to accommodate shareholder purchases and redemptions. ETFs typically have lower marketing, distribution and accounting expenses, and most ETFs do not have 12b-1 fees.
Buying and selling flexibility: ETFs can be bought and sold at current market prices at any time during the trading day, unlike mutual funds and unit investment trusts, which can only be traded at the end of the trading day. As publicly traded securities, their shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies, and traded using stop orders and limit orders, which allow investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade.
Tax efficiency: ETFs generally generate relatively low capital gains, because they typically have low turnover of their portfolio securities. While this is an advantage they share with other index funds, their tax efficiency is further enhanced because they do not have to sell securities to meet investor redemptions.
Market exposure and diversification: ETFs provide an economical way to rebalance portfolio allocations and to "equitize" cash by investing it quickly. An index ETF inherently provides diversification across an entire index. ETFs offer exposure to a diverse variety of markets, including broad-based indices, broad-based international and country-specific indices, industry sector-specific indices, bond indices, and commodities.
Transparency: ETFs, whether index funds or actively managed, have transparent portfolios and are priced at frequent intervals throughout the trading day.

Some of these advantages derive from the status of most ETFs as index funds.
Types[edit]
For more details on this topic, see List of American exchange-traded funds.
Index ETFs[edit]
Most ETFs are index funds that attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Indexes may be based on stocks, bonds, commodities, or currencies. An index fund seeks to track the performance of an index by holding in its portfolio either the contents of the index or a representative sample of the securities in the index.[8] As of June 2012, in the United States, about 1200 index ETFs exist, with about 50 actively managed ETFs. Index ETF assets are about $1.2 trillion, compared with about $7 billion for actively managed ETFs.[22] Some index ETFs, known as leveraged ETFs or inverse ETFs, use investments in derivatives to seek a return that corresponds to a multiple of, or the inverse (opposite) of, the daily performance of the index.[23]
Some index ETFs invest 100% of their assets proportionately in the securities underlying an index, a manner of investing called replication. Other index ETFs use representative sampling, investing 80% to 95% of their assets in the securities of an underlying index and investing the remaining 5% to 20% of their assets in other holdings, such as futures, option and swap contracts, and securities not in the underlying index, that the fund's adviser believes will help the ETF to achieve its investment objective. There are various ways the ETF can be weighted, such as equal weighting or revenue weighting.[24] For index ETFs that invest in indices with thousands of underlying securities, some index ETFs employ "aggressive sampling" and invest in only a tiny percentage of the underlying securities.[25][26]
Stock ETFs[edit]
The first and most popular ETFs track stocks. Many funds track national indexes; for example, Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSE Arca: VTI tracks the CRSP U.S. Total Market Index, and several funds track the S&P 500, both indexes for US stocks. Other funds own stocks from many countries; for example, Vanguard Total International Stock Index NYSE Arca: VXUS tracks the MSCI All Country World ex USA Investable Market Index, while the iShares MSCI EAFE Index NYSE Arca: EFA tracks the MSCI EAFE Index, both "world ex-US" indexes.
Stock ETFs can have different styles, such as large-cap, small-cap, growth, value, et cetera. For example, the S&P 500 index is large- and mid-cap, so the SPDR S&P 500 ETF will not contain small-cap stocks. Others such as iShares Russell 2000 are mainly for small-cap stocks. There are many style ETFs such as iShares Russell 1000 Growth and iShares Russell 1000 Value. ETFs focusing on dividends have been popular in the first few years of the 2010s decade, such as iShares Select Dividend.[27]
ETFs can also be sector funds. These can be broad sectors, like finance and technology, or specific niche areas, like green power. They can also be for one country or global. Critics have said that no one needs a sector fund.[28] This point is not really specific to ETFs; the issues are the same as with mutual funds. The funds are popular since people can put their money into the latest fashionable trend, rather than investing in boring areas with no "cachet".
Bond ETFs[edit]
Exchange-traded funds that invest in bonds are known as bond ETFs.[29] They thrive during economic recessions because investors pull their money out of the stock market and into bonds (for example, government treasury bonds or those issued by companies regarded as financially stable). Because of this cause and effect relationship, the performance of bond ETFs may be indicative of broader economic conditions.[30] There are several advantages to bond ETFs such as the reasonable trading commissions, but this benefit can be negatively offset by fees if bought and sold through a third party.[31]
Commodity ETFs[edit]
Commodity ETFs (CETFs or ETCs) invest in commodities, such as precious metals, agricultural products, or hydrocarbons. Among the first commodity ETFs were gold exchange-traded funds, which have been offered in a number of countries. The idea of a Gold ETF was first officially conceptualised by Benchmark Asset Management Company Private Ltd in India when they filed a proposal with the SEBI in May 2002.[32] The first gold exchange-traded fund was Gold Bullion Securities launched on the ASX in 2003, and the first silver exchange-traded fund was iShares Silver Trust launched on the NYSE in 2006. As of November 2010 a commodity ETF, namely SPDR Gold Shares, was the second-largest ETF by market capitalization.[33]
However, generally commodity ETFs are index funds tracking non-security indices. Because they do not invest in securities, commodity ETFs are not regulated as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940 in the United States, although their public offering is subject to SEC review and they need an SEC no-action letter under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They may, however, be subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.[34][35]
The earliest commodity ETFs, such as SPDR Gold Shares (NYSE Arca: GLD) and iShares Silver Trust (NYSE Arca: SLV), owned the physical commodity (e.g., gold and silver bars). Similar to these are ETFS Physical Palladium (NYSE Arca: PALL) and ETFS Physical Platinum (NYSE Arca: PPLT). However, most ETCs implement a futures trading strategy, which may produce quite different results from owning the commodity.
Commodity ETFs trade just like shares, are simple and efficient and provide exposure to an ever-increasing range of commodities and commodity indices, including energy, metals, softs and agriculture. However, it is important for an investor to realize that there are often other factors that affect the price of a commodity ETF that might not be immediately apparent. For example, buyers of an oil ETF such as USO might think that as long as oil goes up, they will profit roughly linearly. What isn't clear to the novice investor is the method by which these funds gain exposure to their underlying commodities. In the case of many commodity funds, they simply roll so-called front-month futures contracts from month to month. This does give exposure to the commodity, but subjects the investor to risks involved in different prices along the term structure, such as a high cost to roll.[36][37]
ETC can also refer to exchange-traded notes, which are not exchange-traded funds.
Currency ETFs[edit]
In 2005, Rydex Investments launched the first currency ETF called the Euro Currency Trust (NYSE Arca: FXE) in New York. Since then Rydex has launched a series of funds tracking all major currencies under their brand CurrencyShares. In 2007 Deutsche Bank's db x-trackers launched EONIA Total Return Index ETF in Frankfurt tracking the euro, and later in 2008 the Sterling Money Market ETF (LSE: XGBP) and US Dollar Money Market ETF (LSE: XUSD) in London. In 2009, ETF Securities launched the world's largest FX platform tracking the MSFXSM Index covering 18 long or short USD ETC vs. single G10 currencies. The funds are total return products where the investor gets access to the FX spot change, local institutional interest rates and a collateral yield.
Actively managed ETFs[edit]
See also: List of American exchange-traded funds § Active ETFs
Most ETFs are index funds, but some ETFs do have active management. Actively managed ETFs have been offered in the United States only since 2008. The first active ETF was Bear Stearns Current Yield ETF (Ticker: YYY).[38] Currently, actively managed ETFs are fully transparent, publishing their current securities portfolios on their web sites daily. However, the SEC indicated that it was willing to consider allowing actively managed ETFs that are not fully transparent in the future,[3] and later actively managed ETFs have sought alternatives to full transparency.
The fully transparent nature of existing ETFs means that an actively managed ETF is at risk from arbitrage activities by market participants who might choose to front run its trades as daily reports of the ETF's holdings reveals its manager's trading strategy. The initial actively managed equity ETFs addressed this problem by trading only weekly or monthly. Actively managed debt ETFs, which are less susceptible to front-running, trade their holdings more frequently.[39]
The actively managed ETF market has largely been seen as more favorable to bond funds, because concerns about disclosing bond holdings are less pronounced, there are fewer product choices, and there is increased appetite for bond products. Pimco's Enhanced Short Duration ETF NYSE: MINT is the largest actively managed ETF, with approximately $3.93 billion in assets as of May 16, 2014.[40]
Actively managed ETFs grew faster in their first three years of existence than index ETFs did in their first three years of existence. As track records develop, many see actively managed ETFs as a significant competitive threat to actively managed mutual funds.[41] However, many academic studies have questioned the value of active management. Jack Bogle of Vanguard Group wrote an article in the Financial Analysts Journal where he estimated that higher fees as well as hidden costs (such a more trading fees and lower return from holding cash) reduce returns for investors by around 2.66 percentage points a year "a huge differential considering that long-term real returns from American equities have been 6.45%."[42] Even without considering hidden costs, high fees negatively affect long-term performance. In another Financial Analysts Journal article, Nobel laureate, Bill Sharpe "calculated that someone who saved via a low-cost fund would have a standard of living in retirement 20% higher than someone who saved in a high-cost fund".[42]
Exchange-traded grantor trusts[edit]
An exchange-traded grantor trust was used to give a direct interest in a static basket of stocks selected from a particular industry. Such products have some properties in common with ETFs—low costs, low turnover, and tax efficiency:but are generally regarded as separate from ETFs. The leading example was Holding Company Depositary Receipts, or HOLDRs, a proprietary Merrill Lynch product, but these have now disappeared from the scene.[11][43][44] SPDR Gold Shares is a grantor trust.
Inverse ETFs[edit]
Main article: Inverse exchange-traded fund
Inverse ETFs are constructed by using various derivatives for the purpose of profiting from a decline in the value of the underlying benchmark. It is a similar type of investment to holding several short positions or using a combination of advanced investment strategies to profit from falling prices. Many inverse ETFs use daily futures as their underlying benchmark.[45]
Leveraged ETFs[edit]
Leveraged exchange-traded funds (LETFs or leveraged ETFs) are a type of ETF that attempt to achieve returns that are more sensitive to market movements than non-leveraged ETFs.[46] Leveraged index ETFs are often marketed as bull or bear funds. A leveraged bull ETF fund might for example attempt to achieve daily returns that are 2x or 3x more pronounced than the Dow Jones Industrial Average or the S&P 500. A leveraged inverse (bear) ETF fund on the other hand may attempt to achieve returns that are -2x or -3x the daily index return, meaning that it will gain double or triple the loss of the market. Leveraged ETFs require the use of financial engineering techniques, including the use of equity swaps, derivatives and rebalancing, and re-indexing to achieve the desired return.[47] The most common way to construct leveraged ETFs is by trading futures contracts.
The rebalancing and re-indexing of leveraged ETFs may have considerable costs when markets are volatile.[48][49] The rebalancing problem is that the fund manager incurs trading losses because he needs to buy when the index goes up and sell when the index goes down in order to maintain a fixed leverage ratio. A 2.5% daily change in the index will for example reduce value of a -2x bear fund by about 0.18% per day, which means that about a third of the fund may be wasted in trading losses within a year (1-(1-0.18%)252=36.5%). Investors may however circumvent this problem by buying or writing futures directly, accepting a varying leverage ratio.[citation needed] A more reasonable estimate of daily market changes is 0.5%, which leads to a 2.6% yearly loss of principal in a 3x leveraged fund.
The re-indexing problem of leveraged ETFs stems from the arithmetic effect of volatility of the underlying index.[50] Take, for example, an index that begins at 100 and a 2X fund based on that index that also starts at 100. In a first trading period (for example, a day), the index rises 10% to 110. The 2X fund will then rise 20% to 120. The index then drops back to 100 (a drop of 9.09%), so that it is now even. The drop in the 2X fund will be 18.18% (2*9.09). But 18.18% of 120 is 21.82. This puts the value of the 2X fund at 98.18. Even though the index is unchanged after two trading periods, an investor in the 2X fund would have lost 1.82%. This decline in value can be even greater for inverse funds (leveraged funds with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3). It always occurs when the change in value of the underlying index changes direction. And the decay in value increases with volatility of the underlying index.
The effect of leverage is also reflected in the pricing of options written on leveraged ETFs. In particular, the terminal payoff of a leveraged ETF European/American put or call depends on the realized variance (hence the path) of the underlying index. The impact of leverage ratio can also be observed from the implied volatility surfaces of leveraged ETF options.[51] For instance, the implied volatility curves of inverse leveraged ETFs (with negative multipliers such as -1, -2, or -3) are commonly observed to be increasing in strike, which is characteristically different from the implied volatility smiles or skews seen for index options or non-leveraged ETF options.
The SEC, in May 2017, granted approval of a pair of 4x leveraged ETF related to S&P 500 Futures, before rescinding the approval a few weeks later. The decision concerns two potential products: ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, which would have listed under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, with the ticker DOWN.[52]
ETFs compared to mutual funds[edit]
Costs[edit]
ETFs have a reputation for lower costs than traditional mutual funds. This will be evident as a lower expense ratio. This is mainly from two factors, the fact that most ETFs are index funds and some advantages of the ETF structure. However, this needs to be compared in each case, since some index mutual funds also have a very low expense ratio, and some ETFs' expense ratios are relatively high. An index fund is much simpler to run, since it does not require some security selection, and can be largely done by computer. Not only does an ETF have lower shareholder-related expenses, but because it does not have to invest cash contributions or fund cash redemptions, an ETF does not have to maintain a cash reserve for redemptions and saves on brokerage expenses.[53] Mutual funds can charge 1% to 3%, or more; index fund expense ratios are generally lower, while ETFs are almost always less than 1%. Over the long term, these cost differences can compound into a noticeable difference.[54]
Because ETFs trade on an exchange, each transaction is generally subject to a brokerage commission. Commissions depend on the brokerage and which plan is chosen by the customer. For example, a typical flat fee schedule from an online brokerage firm in the United States ranges from $10 to $20, but it can be as low as $0 with discount brokers. Due to this commission cost, the amount invested has a great bearing; someone who wishes to invest $100 per month may have a significant percentage of their investment destroyed immediately, while for someone making a $200,000 investment, the commission cost may be negligible. Generally, mutual funds obtained directly from the fund company itself do not charge a brokerage fee. Thus, when low or no-cost transactions are available, ETFs become very competitive.[55]
The cost difference is more evident when compared with mutual funds that charge a front-end or back-end load as ETFs do not have loads at all. The redemption fee and short-term trading fees are examples of other fees associated with mutual funds that do not exist with ETFs. Traders should be cautious if they plan to trade inverse and leveraged ETFs for short periods of time. Close attention should be paid to transaction costs and daily performance rates as the potential combined compound loss can sometimes go unrecognized and offset potential gains over a longer period of time.[56]
Taxation[edit]
ETFs are structured for tax efficiency and can be more attractive than mutual funds. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized loss, the mutual fund must distribute the capital gains to its shareholders. This can happen whenever the mutual fund sells portfolio securities, whether to reallocate its investments or to fund shareholder redemptions. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the gains distributions in more shares of the fund. In contrast, ETFs are not redeemed by holders (instead, holders simply sell their ETF shares on the stock market, as they would a stock, or effect a non-taxable redemption of a creation unit for portfolio securities), so that investors generally only realize capital gains when they sell their own shares or when the ETF trades to reflect changes in the underlying index.[8]
In most cases, ETFs are more tax-efficient than conventional mutual funds in the same asset classes or categories.[57] Because Vanguard's ETFs are a share-class of their mutual funds, they don't get all the tax advantages if there are net redemptions on the mutual fund shares.[58] Although they do not get all the tax advantages, they get an additional advantage from tax loss harvesting any capital losses from net redemptions.[59][60]
In the U.K., ETFs can be shielded from capital gains tax by placing them in an Individual Savings Account or self-invested personal pension, in the same manner as many other shares. Because UK-resident ETFs would be liable for UK corporation tax on non-UK dividends, most ETFs which hold non-UK companies sold to UK investors are issued in Ireland or Luxembourg.[61]
Trading[edit]
An important benefit of an ETF is the stock-like features offered. A mutual fund is bought or sold at the end of a day's trading, whereas ETFs can be traded whenever the market is open. Since ETFs trade on the market, investors can carry out the same types of trades that they can with a stock. For instance, investors can sell short, use a limit order, use a stop-loss order, buy on margin, and invest as much or as little money as they wish (there is no minimum investment requirement).[62] Also, many ETFs have the capability for options (puts and calls) to be written against them. Covered call strategies allow investors and traders to potentially increase their returns on their ETF purchases by collecting premiums (the proceeds of a call sale or write) on calls written against them. Mutual funds do not offer those features.[63]
Regulation[edit]
New regulations were put in place following the 2010 Flash Crash, when prices of ETFs and other stocks and options became volatile, with trading markets spiking[64]:1 and bids falling as low as a penny a share[6] in what the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) investigation described as one of the most turbulent periods in the history of financial markets.[64]:1
These regulations proved to be inadequate to protect investors in the August 24, 2015 flash crash,[6] "when the price of many ETFs appeared to come unhinged from their underlying value". ETFs were consequently put under even greater scrutiny by regulators and investors.[6] Analysts at Morningstar claimed in December 2015 that "ETFs are a “digital-age technology” governed by “Depression-era legislation,”"[6]
Risks[edit]
Tracking error[edit]
The ETF tracking error is the difference between the returns of the ETF and its reference index or asset. A non-zero tracking error therefore represents a failure to replicate the reference as stated in the ETF prospectus. The tracking error is computed based on the prevailing price of the ETF and its reference. It is different than the premium/discount which is the difference between the ETF’s NAV (updated only once a day) and its market price. Tracking errors are more significant when the ETF provider uses strategies other than full replication of the underlying index. Some of the most liquid equity ETFs tend to have better tracking performance because the underlying is also sufficiently liquid, allowing for full replication.[65] In contrast, some ETFs, such as commodities ETFs and their leveraged ETFs, do not necessarily employ full replication because the physical assets cannot be stored easily or used to create a leveraged exposure, or the reference asset or index is illiquid.[66] Futures-based ETFs may also suffer from negative roll yields, as seen in the VIX futures market.
Effects on stability[edit]
ETFs that buy and hold commodities or futures of commodities have become popular. For example, SPDR Gold Shares ETF (GLD) has 21 million ounces in trust.[67] The silver ETF, SLV, is also very large. The commodity ETFs are in effect consumers of their target commodities, thereby affecting the price in a spurious fashion.[68][69][70] In the words of the IMF, “Some market participants believe the growing popularity of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) may have contributed to equity price appreciation in some emerging economies, and warn that leverage embedded in ETFs could pose financial stability risks if equity prices were to decline for a protracted period.”[71]
Regulatory risk[edit]
Synthetic ETFs are attracting regulatory attention from the FSB,[72] the IMF,[73] and the BIS.[74] Areas of concern include the lack of transparency in products and increasing complexity; conflicts of interest; and lack of regulatory compliance.
Counterparty risk[edit]
A synthetic ETF has counterparty risk, because the counterparty is contractually obligated to match the return on the index. The deal is arranged with collateral posted by the swap counterparty. A potential hazard is that the investment bank offering the ETF might post its own collateral, and that collateral could be of dubious quality. Furthermore, the investment bank could use its own trading desk as counterparty. These types of set-ups are not allowed under the European guidelines, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), so the investor should look for UCITS III-compliant funds.[68]
Liquidity[edit]
ETFs have a wide range of liquidity. Some funds are constantly traded, with tens of millions of shares per day changing hands, while others trade only once in a while, even not trading for some days. There are many funds that do not trade very often. This just means that most trading is conducted in the most popular funds. The most active funds (such as SPY, IWM, QQQ, et cetera) are very liquid, with high volume and tight spreads. In these cases, the investor is almost sure to get a "reasonable" price, even in difficult conditions. With other funds, it is worthwhile to take some care in execution. This does not mean that less popular funds are not a quality investment. This is in contrast with traditional mutual funds, where everyone who trades on the same day gets the same price.
Criticism[edit]
John C. Bogle, founder of the Vanguard Group, a leading issuer of index mutual funds (and, since Bogle's retirement, of ETFs), has argued that ETFs represent short-term speculation, that their trading expenses decrease returns to investors, and that most ETFs provide insufficient diversification. He concedes that a broadly diversified ETF that is held over time can be a good investment.[75]
ETFs are dependent on the efficacy of the arbitrage mechanism in order for their share price to track net asset value. While the average deviation between the daily closing price and the daily NAV of ETFs that track domestic indices is generally less than 2%, the deviations may be more significant for ETFs that track certain foreign indices.[8] The Wall Street Journal reported in November 2008, during a period of market turbulence, that some lightly traded ETFs frequently had deviations of 5% or more, exceeding 10% in a handful of cases, although even for these niche ETFs, the average deviation was only a little more than 1%. The trades with the greatest deviations tended to be made immediately after the market opened.[76]
According to a study on ETF returns in 2009 by Morgan Stanley, ETFs missed in 2009 their targets by an average of 1.25 percentage points, a gap more than twice as wide as the 0.52-percentage-point average they posted in 2008.[77] Part of this so-called tracking error is attributed to the proliferation of ETFs targeting exotic investments or areas where trading is less frequent, such as emerging-market stocks, future-contracts based commodity indices and junk bonds.[citation needed]
The tax advantages of ETFs are of no relevance for investors using tax-deferred accounts (or indeed, investors who are tax-exempt in the first place).[78] However, the lower expense ratios are proving difficult for the proponents of traditional mutual funds to overcome.
In a survey of investment professionals, the most frequently cited disadvantage of ETFs was the unknown, untested indices used by many ETFs, followed by the overwhelming number of choices.[5]
Some critics claim that ETFs can be, and have been, used to manipulate market prices, including having been used for short selling that has been asserted by some observers (including Jim Cramer of theStreet.com) to have contributed to the market collapse of 2008.
Issuers of ETFs[edit]
Main article: List of exchange-traded funds

AdvisorShares: actively managed ETFs only, majority owned by Fund.com
Banco Itau: issues itnow in Bovespa
Bips Investment Managers: issues Bips (Beta Investment Performance Securities)
BNP Paribas: issues EasyETFs
BlackRock: issues iShares
Boost ETP: issues short (inverse) and leveraged exchange-traded products including 3X equity and commodity products
Charles Schwab: offers several commission-free ETFs for its clients
Deutsche Bank: issues db x-trackers ETFs, as well as managing PowerShares DB commodity- and currency-based ETFs
ETF Securities: issues ETFs or specialised commodity ETCs
Franklin Templeton: Issues liberty line of ETFs
Global X Funds: issues ETFs
Guggenheim Funds: issues specialty Guggenheim Funds ETFs
Horizons ETFs Management (USA): issues the Covered Call ETF (HSPX)
Indo Premier Investment Management: issues Premier ETFs in Indonesia Stock Exchange
Invesco: issues PowerShares ETFs, as well as BLDRS based on American Depositary Receipts
Lyxor Asset Management: issues Lyxor ETFs
Merrill Lynch: issues HOLDRs
ProShares: U.S.-based firm offering alternative ETFs
Source UK Services: a European joint-venture between Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Nomura and J. P. Morgan issues ETFs and ETCs
State Street Global Advisors: issues SPDRs
Van Eck Global: issues Market Vectors ETFs
Vanguard Group: issues Vanguard ETFs, formerly known as VIPERs
WisdomTree Investments

See also[edit]

Enhanced indexing
Pension fund
Separately managed account

References[edit]


^ "Introduction to Exchange-Traded Funds", Investopedia
^ "Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)". U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved November 8, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release Nos. 33-8901, IC-28193, 73 Fed. Reg. 14618 (March 11, 2008).
^ State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton, ETFs Changing the Way Advisors Do Business, According to State Street and Wharton Study, Business Wire (June 10, 2008).
^ a b The Impact of Exchange Traded Products on the Financial Advisory Industry: A Joint Study of State Street Global Advisors and Knowledge@Wharton (2008).
^ a b c d e Weinberg, Ari I. (6 December 2015). "Should You Fear the ETF? ETFs are scaring regulators and investors: Here are the dangers—real and perceived". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 7 December 2015. 
^ SPDR ETFs: Basics of Product Structure SSGA
^ a b c d e Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, SEC Release No. IC-25258, 66 Fed. Reg. 57614 (November 8, 2001).
^ PowerShares Capital Management LLC, et al.; Notice of Application, Release No. IC-28140 (February 1, 2008), 73 Fed. Reg. 7328 (February 7, 2008) (notice); PowerShares Capital Management LLC, Release No. IC-28171 (February 27, 2008) (order). The SEC issued orders to Bear Stearns Asset Management, Inc., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, and WisdomTree Trust on the same day.
^ American Stock Exchange Lists First Actively-Managed Exchange Traded Fund (March 25, 2008).
^ a b c ETFConnect, "Index ETFs – Know Your Funds" (visited April 7, 2008).
^ Peaceful Gains. "A List of exchange-traded funds". Retrieved October 23, 2009. 
^ a b Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 32. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Carrel, Lawrence (2008), ETFs for the Long Run, John Wiley & Sons, ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
^ Jennifer Bayot (December 10, 2004). "Nathan Most Is Dead at 90; Investment Fund Innovator". New York Times. Retrieved April 23, 2008. 
^ Wiandt, Jim; William McClatchy (2002). Exchange Traded Funds. John Wiley and Sons. p. 82. ISBN 0-471-22513-4. 
^ Fabozzi, Frank (2003). The Handbook of Financial Instruments. John Wiley and Sons. p. 532. ISBN 0-471-22092-2. 
^ Ferri, Richard A. (2008). The ETF Book, John Wiley and Sons, 191 ISBN 0-470-13063-6.
^ "ETF League Table as of Jan. 21, 2014". IndexUniverse. 
^ U.S. ETF Assets Hit $2 Trillion Milestone - Yahoo Finance
^ American Stock Exchange, ETFs – Individual Investor (visited April 7, 2008).
^ [ETF Statistics For June 2012: Actively Managed Assets Less Than 1% http://etfdailynews.com/2012/07/10/etf-statistics-for-june-2012-actively-managed-assets-less-than-1/]
^ The Case Against Leveraged ETFs, Seeking Alpha (May 17, 2007).
^ [1], Revenue Shares (July 10, 2015).
^ "Our Take on the Bond ETF Dilemma". News.morningstar.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Stacy L. Fuller, The Evolution of Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Funds, Review of Securities & Commodities Regulation (April 16, 2008).
^ Banner Year of Dividend Growth Sends Cash to Dividend ETFs - Yahoo Finance
^ "Do You Need a Sector Fund?". Morningstar. 
^ Bond ETF Definition
^ "Indicators for Trading in Government Bond ETFs". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Bond ETFs: A Viable Alternative". Investopedia.com. September 19, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Benchmark Asset Management Company conceptualises Gold ETF". Etfglobalinvestor.net. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "Largest ETFs: Top 25 ETFs By Market Cap". ETFdb. Retrieved November 3, 2010. 
^ Michael Sackheim, Michael Schmidtberger & James Munsell, DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund: An Innovative Exchange-Traded Fund, Futures Industry (May/June 2006).
^ Koyfman, Yevgeniy (August 21, 2009). "No Gas: Barclays Halts Issuance of Natural Gas ETN". Indexuniverse.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ tom Lauricella (November 2, 2009). "Gold Mutual Funds Vs. Gold ETFs: It Depends on the Goal". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "The Future of Commodity ETFs". News.morningstar.com. August 25, 2009. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Jaffe, Chuck. "Bear Stearns Current Yield (YYY)". The Seattle Time. 
^ David Hoffman, Active ETFs are, well, less active; Dynamics of trading translate into little active management, Investment News (April 21, 2008).
^ Tran, Hung. "MINT Tops BOND As Biggest Active ETF". IndexUniverse. 
^ AlphaBaskets.com report on active vs. index ETFs, AlphaBaskets.com (April 11, 2011).
^ a b "Buttonwood: Against the odds". The Economist. 
^ "All The HOLDRS Are Now History, NYSE Says". ETF.com. 
^ Palash R. Ghosh (August 18, 2005). "HOLDRs Vs. ETFs: What Investors Should Know". Investment Advisor. Summit Business Media. Retrieved January 8, 2011. 
^ Staff, Investopedia (2007-11-04). "Inverse ETF". Investopedia. Retrieved 2017-02-28. 
^ "ProFunds readies first leveraged ETFs - ETF Investing". MarketWatch. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "RYDEX ETF TRUST (Form: 485APOS, Received: 11/08/2006 16:27:55)". Esignal.brand.edgar-online.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ http://olympiainv.com/Memos/ETFs.pdf
^ Maxey, Daisy (August 4, 2009). "Fidelity the Latest to Caution on ETFs". Online.wsj.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ "A Guide To Shorting Leveraged ETFs". www.signalplot.com. 
^ Leung, Tim (2014). "Implied Volatility of Leveraged ETF Options". Applied Mathematical Finance, Taylor & Francis. SSRN 2164518 .  Check date values in: |access-date= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-etfs-idUSKCN18C2RO
^ John M. Baker, Creation Units and the Rise of Exchange-Traded Funds, Investment Adviser (July 2000).
^ Mutual Fund Fees Jump 5 Percent on moneywatch.bnet.com
^ Fidelity Offers iShares ETFs Commission-Free on news.morningstar.com
^ Yates, Tristan. "Tristan Yates: What Can we Learn from the 2008 Leveraged ETF Collapse?". Tradingmarkets.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Dan Culloton, Are ETFs Really More Tax-Efficient Than Mutual Funds? Morningstar (February 14, 2006).
^ The Problem With Vanguard VIPERs ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ Vanguard ETFs have Different Tax Considerations Than Other ETFs (December 29, 2009).
^ ETF Tax Efficiency (December 29, 2009).
^ Steve Lodge (April 16, 2010). "Are ETF dividends taxed differently? - Yahoo! UK & Ireland Finance". Uk.finance.yahoo.com. Retrieved October 3, 2011. 
^ Gastineau, Gary (2002). The Exchange-Traded Funds Manual. John Wiley and Sons. p. 227. ISBN 978-0-471-21894-4. 
^ Larry Connors, "Trading Covered Calls with ETFs", Tradingmarkets (March 4, 2008).
^ a b Kirilenko, Andrei; Kyle, Albert S.; Samadi, Mehrdad; Tuzun, Tugkan (May 5, 2014), The Flash Crash: The Impact of High Frequency Trading on an Electronic Market (PDF), retrieved 24 April 2015 
^ Avellaneda and Zhang, “Path-Dependence of Leveraged ETF Returns” SIAM J. of Financial Math, Vol. 1, pp. 586–603 2013. https://www.math.nyu.edu/faculty/avellane/SIAMLETFS.pdf.pdf
^ Guo and Leung, “Understanding the Tracking Errors of Commodity Leveraged ETFs” SSRN, 2013. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2389411
^ Amount as of July 2015; figure taken from the home page of http://www.spdrgoldshares.com/.
^ a b John Rubino, “Emerging Threat Funds?” CFA Magazine, September–October 2011. pp. 30–33.
^ Stephen Kovaka, Just Say No to the Silver ETF, SilverSeek.com (April 27, 2007)
^ Theodore Butler, The Smoking Gun, SilverSeek.com (August 22, 2008)
^ Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011
^ Financial Stability Board, “Potential financial stability issues arising from recent trends in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)”, April 2011.
^ International Monetary Fund, Global Financial Stability Report: Durable Financial Stability: Getting There from Here, April 2011.
^ Srichander Ramaswamy, “Market structures and systemic risks of exchange-traded funds.” Working paper 343, April 2011. Bank for International Settlements.
^ John C. Bogle, 'Value' Strategies, Wall Street Journal (February 9, 2007).
^ Ian Salisbury, Some ETFs Fall Short on Pricing; Certain Trades Slip Below Value of Holdings, Wall Street Journal (November 21, 2008).
^ ETFs Were Wider Off the Mark in 2009, Wall Street Journal (February 19, 2010).
^ Wilfred Dellva, Exchange-Traded Funds Not for Everyone, Journal of Financial Planning (April 2001).


Further reading[edit]

Carrell, Lawrence. ETFs for the Long Run: What They Are, How They Work, and Simple Strategies for Successful Long-Term Investing. JW Wiley, 2008. ISBN 978-0-470-13894-6
Ferri, Richard A. The ETF Book: All You Need to Know About Exchange-Traded Funds. Wiley, 2009. ISBN 0-470-53746-9
Humphries, William. Leveraged ETFs: The Trojan Horse Has Passed the Margin-Rule Gates. 34 Seattle U.L. Rev. 299 (2010), available at [2].
Koesterich, Russ. The ETF Strategist: Balancing Risk and Reward for Superior Returns. Portfolio, 2008. ISBN 978-1-59184-207-1
Lemke, Thomas P; Lins, Gerald T. & McGuire, W. John. Regulation of Exchange-Traded Funds. Matthew Bender, 2015. ISBN 978-0-7698-9131-6

External links[edit]

The ETF Hall of Fame: 25 People Who Revolutionized the ETF Industry—ETF Database
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—London Stock Exchange (LSE)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) & Index Funds—NASDAQ Stock Market
Exchange Traded Products—New York Stock Exchange
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETF)—Australian Stock Exchange (ASX)
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on XETRA or on Nasdaq OMX Nordic—ETFSverige.se information website
Using ETFs in investment portfolios—Exchange Traded Fund Basics, Investor Knowledge Centre (Vanguard Investments Australia)
Benefits of ETFs—Australian ETF Information Network
Cross-referenced list of funds—U.S., Canadian, and U.K. ETFs organized by industry, region, and investment strategy
Global ETF browser—Free ETF Screener based on fundamentals
Find ETFs by Stock Tool—Free tool for finding ETFs by its stocks
Worldwide Exchange Traded Funds—Investing.com global ETFs by category







v
t
e


Investment management



Investment fund
structures



Common contractual fund
Exchange-traded fund
Fond commun de placement
Fund of funds
Index fund
Investment trust
Hedge fund
Listed investment company
Mutual fund
Offshore fund
Open-ended investment company
Pension Fund
Private equity fund
Real estate investment trust
Royalty trust
SICAV
Umbrella fund
Unit investment trust
Unit trust
Unitised insurance fund





Investment styles



Active / passive management
Impact investing
Manager of managers
Socially responsible investing
Value / growth investing





Theory · Terminology



Closed-end fund
Efficient-market hypothesis
Net asset value
Open-end fund





Related topics



Alternative investment
Asset management firms
Robo-advisor
Returns-based style analysis
Traditional investments
UCITS










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Exchange-traded_fund&oldid=792170490"					
Categories: Exchange-traded fundsHidden categories: CS1 errors: datesPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLUse mdy dates from August 2014All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2017Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2010 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 22:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















			
				
				
					Invesco - PowerShares ETFs - PowerShares ETFs
				
			
		








































Invesco Distributors, Inc.
 | Log in | Register | Contact us | Briefcase | US

Individual Investor








Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue


Financial Professional







Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue


Registered Investment Advisor







Institutions
*Required

 * This portion of the Invesco web site is specifically prepared for Institutional
Investors in the US. The content and investment strategies discussed may not be
suitable for and/or available to all investors. By checking the box and clicking continue, I confirm
that I am an US Institutional Investor.


Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue



Institutions







Remember My Selection
 Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering your choice. 
										For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
Cancel
Continue


Defined Contribution

















Invesco




PowerShares ETFs


 » 
Financial Products
 » 
PowerShares ETFs





Home
Products



See how Invesco can help you think beyond average.
Learn More

Financial Products
Mutual Funds
Performance
Unit Trusts
Performance
PowerShares ETFs
Performance
Money Market and Liquidity Funds
Performance
Closed-End Funds
Performance
Separately Managed Accounts
College Savings Plan
CollegeBound 529
Performance
Retirement Plans
Individual Retirement Plans
Small Business Retirement Plans
Insights



Insights and Opportunities
  Explore compelling insights and strategies that seek to capitalize on today's market.
View now

Insights
Investments
Market & Economic
Retirement
Insights and Opportunities
Product Commentaries
Investor Blog
Why Invest in Average?: High Conviction
Newsroom
Press Releases
Product News
Invesco In The News
Events
Invesco Interactive
Resources



Invesco White Paper Series on the Active/Passive Debate
Learn More
Resources
Business Retirement Planning
Factor Investing
Active/Passive Investing
Preparing for College
Investor Education
Tax Center
Open-End Tax Guide
Closed-End Tax Guide
Glossary of Terms
Tools
Multiple Fund Comparison
Interactive Charts
PowerShares ETF Tools
Investment Calculators
College Planning
Retirement Calculators
Investment Objectives
Diversification
Income
Literature





Blog
Be the first to get Invesco's views on the topics that matter most.
Learn More
Literature
Recently Added
Most Popular
Mutual Funds
PowerShares ETFs
Unit Trusts
Separately Managed Accounts
College Savings
Retirement Planning
General Literature
Programs
Forms
General
College Savings
Retirement
Account access



Download our iPad App
Invesco's free app for iPad® gives you the information you need on the go. Visit the App StoreSM and search for “Invesco US.”
Learn More
Accounts & Services
Account Access
Tax Center
Open-End Tax Guide
Closed-End Tax Guide
Service Center
Retirement Plan Manager
Retirement Plan Manager Access
CollegeBound 529
Managing Your Account
Contact Us
CollegeBound 529 Account Access
About



Learn more about Invesco and our "investors first" approach.
Learn More
Who We Are
Contact Us
Careers
Stay Connected with Invesco
Why the Mountain
Awards

































Individual Investor Login
Social security numbers may no longer be used as a user name. Learn more.




User name


Forgot username



Password


Forgot password


Log In






Register for Individual Account Access


Need help with registration?




CollegeBound 529 login


Retirement Plan Manager login (plan sponsors)


Tax Center


Service Center


Financial Professional login






Close login








A value proposition
High factor load, transparent methodology
Learn more









ETF list

View funds by asset class



ETF product strategies


						View funds by strategy
						

Access



Alternatively Weighted



Commodities and Currencies



Equity Based Resources



Factor Driven



Income



Quantitative



THEMATIC



Browse all funds







Product search




 



All















A focus on factor-based investment solutions










Learn more about factor investing:
Factor investing strategies




×
Factor-based ETFs: Low volatility



S&P 500 Low Volatility Portfolio (SPLV)
S&P 500 ex-Rate Sensitive Low Volatility Portfolio (XRLV)
S&P SmallCap Low Volatility Portfolio (XSLV)
S&P MidCap Low Volatility Portfolio (XMLV)
S&P Emerging Markets Low Volatility Portfolio (EELV)
S&P International Developed Low Volatility Portfolio (IDLV)



Close




×
Factor-based ETFs: Quality



S&P SmallCap Quality Portfolio (XSHQ)
S&P 500 Quality Portfolio (SPHQ)
S&P International Developed High Quality Portfolio (IDHQ)



Close




×
Factor-based ETFs: Value



S&P 500 Value With Momentum Portfolio (SPVM)
S&P 500 Enhanced Value Portfolio  (SPVU)
Dynamic Large Cap Value Portfolio (PWV)
Russell 2000 Pure Value Portfolio (PXSV)
Russell Midcap Pure Value Portfolio (PXMV)
Russell Top 200 Pure Value Portfolio (PXLV)



Close




×
Factor-based ETFs: Momentum



DWA Momentum Portfolio (PDP)
DWA SmallCap Momentum Portfolio (DWAS) 
DWA Emerging Markets Momentum Portfolio (PIE)
DWA Developed Markets Momentum Portfolio (PIZ)
DWA NASDAQ Momentum Portfolio (DWAQ)
S&P 500 Momentum Portfolio (SPMO)



Close




×
Factor-based ETFs: Size



DWA SmallCap Momentum Portfolio (DWAS)
FTSE RAFI US 1500 Small-Mid Portfolio (PRFZ)
 FTSE RAFI Developed Markets ex-U.S. Small-Mid Portfolio (PDN)
S&P SmallCap Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (PSCD)
S&P SmallCap Consumer Staples Portfolio (PSCC)
S&P SmallCap Energy Portfolio (PSCE)
S&P SmallCap Financials Portfolio (PSCF)
S&P SmallCap Health Care Portfolio (PSCH)
S&P SmallCap Industrials Portfolio (PSCI)
S&P SmallCap Information Technology Portfolio (PSCT)
S&P SmallCap Portfolio Materials (PSCM)
S&P SmallCap Utilities Portfolio (PSCU)



Close




×
Factor-based ETFs: Dividend yield



KBW High Dividend Yield Financial Portfolio (KBWD)
KBWY Premium Yield Equity REIT Portfolio (KBWY)
International Dividend Achievers Portfolio (PID)
S&P 500 High Dividend Low Volatility Portfolio (SPHD) 
High Yield Equity Dividend Achievers Portfolio (PEY) 
Dividend Achievers Portfolio (PFM) 
BuyBack Achievers Portfolio (PKW)



Close






 
 Factors can be viewed as the DNA, or building blocks, of an investment portfolio. Historically, they have carried certain traits and behaviors. When combined, factors can act as the building blocks of a diversified portfolio. 
Dan Draper Managing Director of Global ETFs
                PowerShares by Invesco


 

















Strategies | View all strategies






Do you know what's in your low volatility strategy?
Discover the benefits of a pure low volatility approach.


View the video






Products | View all products






Learn more about SPVM
Enhance your value strategy, add some momentum to your approach.


Fund in Focus






Insights | View all insights






Getting smart about beta
Examining smart beta equity methodologies and their impact over full market cycles.


Read whitepaper





Events | View all events






Webcast series for financial professionals
Learn about factor-based investing from a global leader. 


Register now













Strategies | View all strategies






Do you know what's in your low volatility strategy?
Discover the benefits of a pure low volatility approach.


View the video





Events | View all events






Webcast series for financial professionals
Learn about factor-based investing from a global leader. 


Register now





Insights | View all insights






Getting smart about beta
Examining smart beta equity methodologies and their impact over full market cycles.


Read whitepaper


















Resources | View all resources






K-1 information and access
Access the K-1 issuance schedule, contact information, and a guide with FAQs.


K-1 access





Resources | View all resources






Concerned about capital gains?
ETFs are among the most tax-efficient investment vehicles available. Among our many offerings are nearly 30 highly rated funds that have generated no capital gains since inception. 


View tax center







Social | View all social










Latest tweets



Is the popularity of ETFs affecting single-stock ownership? @PowerShares’ Eric Pollackov discusses in his blog.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8…
15 hours ago 



Follow us @PowerShares












Examining sector and factor performance in the third quarter of 2016
Posted by Nick Kalivas, Senior Equity Product Strategist on Sep. 26, 2016


High beta, value factors among the star performers, while low volatility lags amid heightened appetite for risk


Read blog post
























Quick links

Strategies
Smart Beta Research
Resources
K-1 Access
Capital Markets
Registered Investment Advisors
Institutional
About PowerShares
Non-US PowerShares locations



Close quick links



Quick links
Most popular

2015 Year-End Invesco Fund Distributions
2015 Invesco Target Date and Fund of Funds Distributions

Literature & forms

Forms & applications

Practice management tools

Portfolio Illustrator 
Portfolio Illustrator
Advisor consulting
Advisor resources
Product commentaries

College savings plan

CollegeBound 529

Money market insights

Regulatory reform update





Conference calls and TV appearances
Building a Solid Foundation Podcast
Invesco Diversified Dividend Fund review and outlook
Watch here 
Watch here

Embracing Volatilities Opportunities
International and Global Growth Strategy performance drivers, positioning and outlook

Listen here 






Non-US PowerShares locations
Select a region
Canada (English)
Canada (Francaise)
Continental Europe
United Kingdom

 



































You are now leaving invesco.com. Invesco does not guarantee any claims or assume any responsibility for any of the content.

Continue

 









North America

 United States
 Canada (English)
 Canada (Francais)



United Kingdom

 United Kingdom
 Isle of Man
 Jersey
 Guernsey



Asia-Pacific

 Australia
 China
 Hong Kong
 Japan
 Taiwan



Europe

 Europe



Middle East

 Dubai



United States ^ Collapse




Invesco US
Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc.




Canada (English) ^ Collapse


Individual Investors

Investor Site



Financial Intermediaries

Advisor Site



Institutional Investors

Institutional Site




Canada (Francais) ^ Collapse


Investisseurs

Investisseurs



Intermédiaries Financiers

Conseillers






 Corporate Home





 Quick links


Log in


 My Sales Data


My Rep Contacts


Share



Feedback









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































Invesco - Home - Home




















 
 Corporate Home








Invesco



PowerShares by Invesco



 

Leading the Intelligent ETF Revolution
PowerShares by Invesco is leading the Intelligent ETF Revolution through its family
            of more than 140 domestic and international exchange-traded funds (ETFs). 
PowerShares by Invesco US  




Financial
                    Professionals 
Choose this role





Individual Investors 
Choose this role





Registered Investment Advisors 
Choose this role





Institutions 
Choose this role





Defined
                    Contribution 
Choose this role








PowerShares by Invesco – Other Regions


 Canada (English)


 Canada (Francaise)


 Continental Europe


 United Kingdom






PowerShares® is a registered trademark of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC (PowerShares by 
        Invesco). PowerShares and Invesco Distributors, Inc. are indirect, wholly owned
          subsidiaries of Invesco Ltd.





© Copyright Invesco Ltd. 2014 | All Rights Reserved








Remember My Selection



              Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Cancel  Continue


Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering
        your choice. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.


 







Institutions



              *Required.
              This portion of the Invesco web site is specifically prepared for Institutional Investors in the US. The content and investment strategies discussed may not be suitable for and/or available to all investors. By checking the box and clicking continue, I confirm that I am an US Institutional Investor.

Remember My Selection



              Make this my default Invesco role for this website.

Cancel  Continue


Setting your default requires the storage of a cookie for the purpose of remembering
        your choice. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.






















