






Practice Protection | Dental Practice Insurance
















Apply Now




Innovative Dental Practice Protection
Manage Risk Together. Save Money.










A New Kind of Professional Liability Insurance
As a dentist, you are in a tough spot when it comes to malpractice insurance.  Most dental practices are thrown into the pool with high risk medical professionals like brain surgeons because medical practice insurers don't specialize in low risk dental practices.  We do.  Practice Protection helps you leverage your low risk profile to save money year after year without reducing your coverage by letting you take part in a risk management group.  Share and control your coverage with other dental professionals just like you. 










Simple To Join
We have simplified the application process dramatically.  If your dentistry license is in good standing then you are practically approved already.



Low Premiums
Stop being grouped in with physicians in higher risk specialties that push your costs higher.  We only work with dentists so your fees are minimized.



Dentist Owned
We aren’t like having a traditional malpractice policy. As a policy holder, you are also a shareholder.  You and your fellow dentists are in control.









Start Owning Your Risk









Select Your State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


Preferred Contact
Phone Call
Send Email









Your message was sent succssfully! We will respond to you as soon as possible.




Something went wrong, try refreshing and submitting the form again.
















   Product Catalog - Protective Products Int'l, Inc.                             
Sign In   My Cart   Checkout             Home» Product List  
     Full Product Line  Products:   Breathable Carpet Protection   Carpet Protection   Dirt Grabber® Brand TakMat   Dura Runner Plus   Econo Runner   Flexboard   FlipGard     Floor Protection   Glass Protection   Grip n Guard   Hardwood Protection   Lead-Safe RRP   Paint Guards™   Poly-Film     Pro Tecta   PRO-VENT and CODE BOX   Scratch Protection   Shoe & Boot Covers   Trim Protection   Ultrakraft   ZIPWALL® System        Breathable Carpet Protection  ***THIS PRODUCT HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED BY THE MANUFACTURER***  Velcro® Brand Breathable Carpet Protection... Will Not Trap Moisture    Velcro® Brand Breathable Carpet Protection is a durable, high quality, non-woven fabric with a water resistant film backing. Easy to install, it secures to Commercial grade level-loop carpeting with patented hook technology by the Velcro Companies. Overlapping seams self-engage for wider protection (no tape required). Hook tape is provided to secure leading and trailing edges (2” x 30’ roll included).    Learn More or Order        Carpet Protection Professional-Grade Carpet Protection – the Best in the Business    Superior, cost-efficient protection for carpets and carpeted stairs. 3-mil, super-tough polyethylene film resists puncturing and tearing for long-lasting protection. Reverse wound for fast, easy application. Special low-tack adhesive eliminates slipping and sliding. Carpet Protection peels right up … along with job site dirt and grime. Carpet Protection Applicator for high volume commercial applications saves time and cuts labor costs.    Learn More or Order        Dirt Grabber® Brand TakMat Dirt & Dust Grabbing TakMat Pays for Itself … Over and Over.    Each sheet has a tacky surface that grabs and removes dust and dirt from footwear … cutting cleanup costs by reducing dust and dirt tracking. 30 sheets per mat for cost efficiency. Dirty sheets peel off to expose the next dust and dirt-grabbing sheet. Available in blue or white. Excellent for controlling "hallway dust" on commercial sites.    Learn More or Order        Dura Runner Plus Absorbent Fabric With a Non-Slip Backing – Our Most Durable Surface Protection    Non-adhesive, non-slip reusable protection for hardwood, marble, granite and most natural stone floors. Reverse wound for fast, easy application. Super-tough fabric is combined with a heavy-duty, non-slip backing for virtually maintenance-free protection. Fabric is absorbent … excellent for protecting concrete floors or areas where "drips" are a problem. Available in gray or brown fabric to complement any décor.    Learn More or Order        Econo Runner Best Value In Reusable Protection    Reusable, Econo Runner is ideal for dry and cured hardwood, stone, tile floors ... just about any surface Reverse wound for easy application Slip-resistant tacky, backing holds Econo Runner in place. Non-porous top surface protects against penetration by paints and liquids (Seams must be taped) Econo Runner can be used to protect counters, table tops and more.    Learn More or Order        Flexboard Eco-Friendly Floor Protection    45 mils thick for extra protection and durability Rolls out like paper and protects like hardboard Water resistant and non-staining Reusable & recyclable Ideal for wood, concrete, marble, stone, tile, laminate and vinyl flooring Made from 100% recycled materials    Learn More or Order        FlipGard  ***THIS PRODUCT HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED BY THE MANUFACTURER***  Unique, Flex Hinge Makes Protecting Sliding Door Tracks Easy    FlipGard is ideal for protecting sliding door thresholds. Easy to install with screws, nails or shot pins. Unique "Flex Hinge" automatically conforms to height of threshold Flip up to close door --- when door is open, flip down to protect threshold. Protects sliding door threshold against load and abrasion damage. Prevents grit and dirt from entering tracks.    Learn More or Order        Floor Protection Maximum Versatility in Hard, Non-Porous Surface Protection    Cost-saving protection for most hard, non-porous surfaces. Ideal protection for vinyl, ceramic tile, tile grout, laminated and solid surface counters. Tough, self-adhesive polyethylene film resists punctures and tears for long-lasting floor protection. Reverse wound for fast, easy application and is tinted blue for easy ID. Peels right off when the job is done. Not recommended for hardwood floors.    Learn More or Order        Glass Protection Construction-Tough Film Available in 3 Grades to Meet Your Specific Needs    Low-tack, self-adhesive film for protecting glass surfaces. For interior or exterior use … application takes a fraction of the time of conventional masking. Saves time and money by reducing cleanup time and eliminating scratching and etching caused by mortar, stucco and over spray. Three color-coded grades. Clear polyethylene for short term. UV resistant red polyethylene for medium term. Heavy-duty blue PVC for long term. Multi-Dispenser frees both hands to allow quick, easy application.    Learn More or Order        Grip n Guard Self-masking film clings, covers & protects    Bottom layer clings to virtually any surface. Top layer attracts and holds dust and dirt particles. Installs easily with just one person. Available in 9’ x 400’ and 12’ x 200’ .4 mils thick    Learn More or Order        Hardwood Protection Clearly the Best Hardwood Protection You Can Use    Clear, non-slip reusable vinyl protection for hardwood floors. Stays in place without adhesives. Requires little or no maintenance. Easily seamed for large area protection. Far superior and much more cost-efficient in the long run than rosin paper. Ideal protection for home tours and model homes … the beauty of hardwood can be seen, and at the same time is totally protected.    Learn More or Order        Lead-Safe RRP Cost-Efficient Compliance With EPA Rules    Comply with EPA Rules with our top quality Lead-Safe RRP products Full product line includes Protective Wear and products for Testing, Training, Containment and Cleaning Protect yourself, your customer and the environment    Learn More or Order        Paint Guards™ Faster & More Cost Efficient Than Masking     "Paint Prep Made Easy"®  Patented, snap-on, plastic paint shield - keeps outlets & switches clean Universal, one size fits all Reusable - just wash off and store Paint Guards™ snap on and off easily on most electrical devices Reduce prep time by eliminating the hassle of taping. Eco-Friendly    Learn More or Order        Poly-Film Top Quality Poly For Job Site protection    Durable Poly-Film ideal for enclosures, (lead-safe) containment, masking and dust protection Flame Retardant 6 mil thick Poly-Film available in 11' width (100' roll) 6 mil Poly-Film sized for Lead-Safe RRP containment    Learn More or Order        Pro Tecta Unique, Reusable Protection Saves Time & Money    Individual products available to protect tubs, counter tops, door jambs and floors quickly and easily. Durable 35-mil plastic with soft foam backing resists cuts, chips, scratches & gouges. Reusable … literally pays for itself in cleanup and cost savings.    Learn More or Order        PRO-VENT and CODE BOX Unbeatable Construction Tools    PRO-VENT   The PRO-VENT filter installs over the register just after the ductwork is installed. Remains in place throughout the construction process. Air passes through the ventilation system & into the room keeping ductwork clean.   Code Box:   Weatherproof and lockable on-site storage box for permits, address posting & building plans Complies with state & local requirements for proper address posting Access for inspectors, architects, engineers and contractors    Learn More or Order        Scratch Protection Thickest, Toughest Protection Against Scratches, Nicks & Abrasions    Save time and money by protecting tubs, whirlpools and shower stalls. Water-based coating easily brushes on. Cleanup with soap and water. Dries to a tough "Protective Skin"… protects against scratches, abrasions, dirt and grime. When the job is completed, "Protective Skin" peels right off. One gallon covers approximately two standard 5’ tubs.    Learn More or Order        Shoe & Boot Covers Slip-Over Footwear Saves Time & Money    Slip over footwear protects against dirt, scuffs and heel marks. Elastic top holds Shoe & Boot Covers in place. Special non-slip sole for safety. Ideal for home tours, open houses, job estimates and inspections. Available in Standard Blue and Super Heavy-Duty Waterproof White    Learn More or Order        Trim Protection Durable PVC Tape – Better Than Masking Tape and Duct Tape    Super-tough, easy-to-use PVC Tape for protecting thresholds, aluminum or vinyl clad door and window trim. Excellent for masking and edging. NO adhesive residue problems associated with conventional (duct) tape. Available in a full range of sizes – from 1" to 12" widths. Excellent when combined with other products such as Scratch Protection and Glass Protection for protecting or masking.    Learn More or Order        Ultrakraft Ultra Tough and Waterproof Kraft Paper    2 Layers of protection – 40lb Kraft Paper bonded to a woven Polyethylene layer. Waterproof and resistant to tearing Cost efficient upgrade from Rosin paper    Learn More or Order        ZIPWALL® System ZIPWALL® — The Ultimate Money-Saving Tool    Unique, adjustable system for constructing a sturdy dust barrier – in minutes No tape, no ladders, no special tools – and no marred ceilings or floors Patented ZIPWALL® Poles lock containment material along the ceiling and floor. Holds up to 8-mil plastic, light canvas or cotton fabric. Combine ZIPWALL® with the available ZIPWALL® zippers to create the most cost-efficient, money-saving job site enclosure.    Learn More or Order    
       Products:   Carpet Protection   Dirt Grabber® Brand Takmat   Dura Runner Plus   Econo Runner   Flexboard   FlexCorner   FlexJamb   Floor Protection   Glass Protection   Grip N Guard   Hardwood Protection   Lead-Safe RRP   Paint Guards ™   Poly-Film   Pro Tecta   Pro-Vent and Code Box   Scratch Protection   Shoe & Boot Covers   Trim Protection   UltraKraft   ZipWall® System     Mailing List You must have JavaScript enabled!  Name:   Email:                    
      Home   Products  Customer Service   Quick Ordering   Request a Catalog   Contact Us       Browse Full Line   Product FAQs    
        Copyright © 2006-2017 Protective Products International, Inc. Security & Privacy Site Map Switch to Mobile     

   

    Surface Protection Solutions - Protective Products Int'l, Inc.                                
Sign In   My Cart   Checkout                                              Welcome to our Website We’ve remodeled our site using your suggestions to provide a more streamlined and engaging experience. From Carpet Protection to ZipWall all of our Surface Protection, Dust Control and Lead-Safe RRP products now have photos and descriptions.• Want to see all we have to offer? Simply click on the Products link at the top of the page.• Need even more product info? Visit our FAQ pages to get additional tips and information – or better yet call us!• On the Job and need something? Then you’ll appreciate our new smartphone interface.With Protective Products you'll save money, drastically cut cleanup time and increase Customer Satisfaction. That means better profits for you. When you need Surface Protection, we have what you need and Satisfaction is always Guaranteed.      Featured Products  FlexBoard   Eco-Friendly FlexBoard rolls out like paper and protects like Hardboard. Made of 100% recycled material.  UltraKraft   UltraKraft is ultra tough and waterproof Kraft Paper made with 2 layers of protection.     Two Fully Stocked Locations Visit our fully stocked locations to experience our products and place or pick up your order.     Illinois   Georgia        Testimonials "We couldn't have built a house without your superior quality products." – Hugh MayronneFamily Prides HomesCarriere, MS "In an era where customer service seems to be slipping your company shows that it still has value." – Local Developer, MA  Read more     
       Products:   Carpet Protection   Dirt Grabber® Brand Takmat   Dura Runner Plus   Econo Runner   Flexboard   FlexCorner   FlexJamb   Floor Protection   Glass Protection   Grip N Guard   Hardwood Protection   Lead-Safe RRP   Paint Guards ™   Poly-Film   Pro Tecta   Pro-Vent and Code Box   Scratch Protection   Shoe & Boot Covers   Trim Protection   UltraKraft   ZipWall® System     Mailing List You must have JavaScript enabled!  Name:   Email:                    
      Home   Products  Customer Service   Quick Ordering   Request a Catalog   Contact Us      
        Copyright © 2006-2017 Protective Products International, Inc. Security & Privacy Site Map Switch to Mobile     

   

 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















	Practice Protection Fund > Home




















































Home
about us
why choose ppf?
Professional Liability Coverage
representation
Financial Stability
Newly Graduated Physicians
FAQ
Other Insurance Products
applications & forms
Contact Us









TESTIMONIALS!





	See what our customers have to say about us!

"I have been insured with PPF for over 2 years now and the staff has always been polite and attentive."

"I have been pleased with the availability and service of the PPF."

Read more!



































Consent to Settle





When a claim is brought against you, The Practice Protection Fund will not settle your claim without your consent.



 Learn more














Other InsuranceProducts





With our agency partnership we can provide multiple lines of coverage that will meet all of your coverage needs. 


Learn more














Financial Stability





	The PPF is a stable non-profit trust fund supported by A rated reinsurance carrier Lloyds of London and is overseen by the LPCF oversight board.
 Learn more
















WHAT IS THE PRACTICE PROTECTION FUND?





The Practice Protection Fund (PPF) was founded to respond to the gap in coverage availability of the Medical Professional insurance marketplace. A growing number of physicians are being forced to become self-insured or change coverage due to the shrinking number of available carriers that are willing to offer medical professional coverage in Louisiana. As a result, Trinity Insurance Services (a Mandeville, LA based claims and TPA company), along with American Excess Underwriters, have initiated a non-profit trust fund, which is managed by a professional association, the Practice Protection Alliance.



























© 2008 Practice Protection Fund. All rights reserved. / Site Design by DynaClaim








Login










	PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP Trademark of MARKETING MANAGEMENT, INC.. Serial Number: 73530443 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP










 
Get FREE email alerts













PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP  Trademark Information
 MARKETING MANAGEMENT, INC.




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
creation      development   administration   insurance   plans   designed   specifically   ambulatory   care   centers    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP trademark by MARKETING MANAGEMENT, INC. 
                                in PELHAM, , 35124.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner MARKETING MANAGEMENT, INC. of the PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP trademark.
                           






On Thursday, April 04, 1985,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP by 
                        MARKETING MANAGEMENT, INC., PELHAM 35124.
                        The USPTO has given the PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP 
                        trademark serial  number of  73530443.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP is 
                        
                        
                                            WILLIAM W. BECKETT of 
                                            BANNER, BIRCH, MCKIE & BECKETT,  ONE THOMAS CIRCLE, N.W., WASHINGTON, D.C. 20005 
                                .
                            The PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP 
                            is CREATION, DEVELOPMENT AND ADMINISTRATION OF INSURANCE PLANS DESIGNED SPECIFICALLY FOR AMBULATORY CARE CENTERS. 
                            





Word mark:
 PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

1/21/1986






  Serial Number:  
73530443


  Filing Date:  
4/4/1985


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
CREATION, DEVELOPMENT AND ADMINISTRATION OF INSURANCE PLANS DESIGNED SPECIFICALLY FOR AMBULATORY CARE CENTERS


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

MARKETING MANAGEMENT, INC.PELHAM 35124
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                     Letters, numerals or punctuation forming the perimeter of a triangle, bordering the perimeter of a triangle or forming a triangle (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


WILLIAM W. BECKETT
BANNER, BIRCH, MCKIE & BECKETT
ONE THOMAS CIRCLE, N.W.
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20005






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/15/1984


First Use In Commerce: 
10/15/1984





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/21/1986
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



WILLIAM W. BECKETT


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search practiceprotectionpl on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP 




PRACTICE PROTECTION PLAN PPP is providing CREATION, DEVELOPMENT AND ADMINISTRATION OF INSURANCE PLANS DESIGNED SPECIFICALLY FOR AMBULATORY CARE CENTERS.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Using, Storing and Disposing of Plant Protection Products 














Skip to content
Skip to navigation

   


This website uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your user experience. You can visit our cookie privacy page for more information.




Health and Safety
      Executive






Home
News




Guidance




About you




About HSE




Contact HSE







Accessibility


Text size:

A - switch to normal size
A - switch to large size
A - switch to larger size









HSEGuidanceIndustriesPesticidesUsing, Storing and Disposing of Plant Protection Products 


 


Pesticides Home
Introduction to the Regulation of Pesticides
Pesticides Registration 
General Information 
FAQ on 'Registration of Pesticides'
Introduction to Approval and Authorisation
Certificates of Freesale
Grower, Small Business and Biopesticide Champions
FEPA and COPR


Applicant Guide

Applicant Guide  Introductory Pages

The Applicant Guide  Contents
Do I Need To Submit  An Application?
What Should I  Include In An Application?
How Will My  Application Be Processed?
What Happens Once  My Application Is Completed
How Do I Make  Changes To An Authorisation?
UK Guidance A-Z 


Application Types -  Basics

Application Types
Requirements For New Products
Requirements For  Changes To Existing Products
Requirements For Extensions of Authorisation 
Requirements For  Trials Permits
Completion of the Application Overview
Data for the chemistry of the formulation and toxicology?
How do I generate data on  residues/consumer exposure?
Data for environmental exposure, ecotoxicology and  efficacy
Addressing  risk to  operators/bystanders
Technical  Specifications And Formulation Details
Two-Stage Applications
Common Omissions Checklist
Notification process for non-significant changes to formulations


Active Substance  Approval

The EU Decision Making Process for Active Substances
New AS – optional phased submission process
List of Candidates  for Substitution - Q&A
Submission and assessment of confirmatory data following AS  approval
Low-risk and Basic AS


Zonal Authorisation  and Mutual Recognition

Zonal authorisations and mutual recognition 
Following zonal procedures 


Extensions of   Use

Extension of Use  Contents
Extension of use of PPPs: an Introduction
Explanatory Notes in Advisory Information 
Extensions of Use under EC) 1107/2009
Examples Of Information Required To Support The 'Need'  For EAMUs


Trials Permits

Trials Permits  Contents
General Information on Trials Permits 
Extrapolated and  Assessed Trials Permits


Emergency Authorisations

Emergency (120 day)  Authorisation
ECP Guidance On  Emergency Authorisations


Re-Registration

Re-registration  contents
General Information  On Re-Registration And Step 1
Step 2 And Other Issues For Re-Registration
Re-Registration For  Extensions Of Use
Re-Registration Of  Parallel Imports
Re-registration for existing UK Authorisation Holders
The Application Overview For Re-Registration 


Renewal of Product Authorisation
Parallel Trade  Permits

Parallel Trade  Permit Procedure
Parallel Trade  Permits for 'Own-Use'
List of Source Products Currently Approved 


Biopesticides Home

Biopesticide Scheme


Data Provision and Protection

Protection Of Data
Letters of Access
Vertebrate Testing Requirements


Adjuvants
Maximum Residue  Levels and Import Tolerances
Tank-mix recommendations  on product labels
Labelling and  Packaging Issues

Introduction to  Classification and Labelling
Labelling Handbook  Contents
Garden Pesticides:  Guidance on Pack Size Limits
Classification and labelling requirements after June 2011


Administrative  Issues

Application Streams  And Targets
Application Fees Guidance
Financial Forms
Changes To Invoicing Procedures For Parallel Trade Permit Applications From 1 October 2015
Submitting Additional Information Mid-Evaluation
Structure Of A  Notice Of Authorisation
Product Registration  Numbers
Data Submission Deadlines and Data Requirements 
Commercial  withdrawals
Withdrawal of  Authorisations and Permits
 The transition  from COPR and Directive 91/414/EEC to (EC) 1107/2009
Under what  legislation will applications be considered?


Miscellaneous

Reduced water volume assessments
Consideration of study protocols by HSE
Addition of undersown crops to product labels
Adverse data
Commodity  Substances


Regulatory Updates


Fees List
Data Requirements Handbook 
Physical and Chemical Properties
Analytical methods
Toxicology
Residues
Consumer exposure
Non - dietary Human Exposure
Environmental Fate
Ecotoxicology
Efficacy Guides

Official Recognition: Introduction




Withdrawal and Restrictions

Active Substances Subject to the Poisons Law
Banned and Non-Authorised Pesticides
Amendment, Expiry, Suspension and Revocation of Approvals




Enforcement

Public Register of Enforcement Notices
Reporting Incidents
Human Health Enquiry and Incident Survey


Commodity Substances 
Using Pesticides

General
Codes of Practice


Monitoring the Impact of Plant Protection Products

Wildlife


Maximum Residue Levels


Databases Home Page

e-approvals

E-Approvals Instructions
Word Viewer Software and Verification of Digital Signatures


Databases Help
Pesticides Register Database: User Guide
Help: How to use the Garden search
FAQ on Information on Pesticide Products
Crop Definitions List
Databases Policy
LERAP Category A and B descriptions
LERAPS Product Search
Historical Versions of Crop Hierarchy


Consultations
Resources

Responsibility for Pesticides
Access to Information
Information Updates Indexes
Regulatory Updates Indexes
All Approval Holders Letters
Research Reports
Pesticides A-Z
FAQs


Events 
Contact 
User Areas

Farmers and Growers
Garden Home
Members of the General Public
Research


Pesticides News

Related content

Biocides
Chemical classification
COSHH
REACH
Chemicals
Export and Import of Dangerous Chemicals
The CLP Regulation
Detergents



 
Using, Storing and Disposing of Plant Protection Products 

Those who use, or cause or permit  others to apply, plant protection products or who store and/or dispose of  products are subject to a number of legal requirements. 

These are derived from EU  Legislation (Directive (EC) No. 2009/128). See this  link to the EU website for details of the legislation. The legislation  applies in all EU Member States. The  Plant Protection Products (Sustainable Use) Regulations, 2012 help  implement this legislation in the UK. The UK  National Action Plan for the Sustainable Use of Pesticides details  legislation applicable to users, those who cause or permit use and  distributors. It also details other mechanisms and measures we use to ensure  products are used, stored and disposed of in a sustainable fashion.
Key points to note are that:
Use of plant protection products should be  considered as part of an integrated programme of control. The Voluntary  Initiative and Amenity Forum provide practical advice on how this can be done.
Anyone who applies pesticides as part of their  professional activities must (including those previously operating under  grandfather rights) hold a recognised specified training certificate.All those purchasing professional plant  protection products must reasonably believe that products are used by someone  holding a specified certificate.
Distributors must ensure they have sufficient  staff available at the point of sale to advise customers on the use and risks  arising from the use of plant protection products and how they can be managed.All application equipment, except knapsacks and  hand-held, must from November 2016 possess a certificate demonstrating that it  has passed an officially recognised test conducted by the National Sprayer  Testing Scheme. Equipment has to be tested on either a three, five or six  yearly basis thereafter depending on when the most recent test was conducted  and the type of equipment (details are available in the National  Action Plan). All equipment must be calibrated on a regular basis.Aerial spraying of plant protection products  must be done in accordance with a permit obtained from HSE.Users, or those who cause or permit use, must  ensure that: all reasonable precautions are taken to protect human health and  the environment; applications are confined to target areas; and in certain  areas (including public spaces and conservation areas) that the amount used and  frequency of use is as low as reasonably practicable. Priority is given to particular products where  there are risks to water quality.
Professional users and distributors take all  reasonable precautions to ensure handling, storage and disposal operations do  not endanger human health or the environment.Storage areas are constructed in such a way as  to prevent unwanted releases of products
Advice on using, storing and  disposing of plant protection products is available from a number of sources  including the Code of Practice for Using Plant Protection Products and from the  Voluntary Initiative and Amenity Forum. The law does not require anyone to  follow this guidance, but by doing so individuals and organisations will be in  a good position to demonstrate that they have been duly diligent in meeting  legal requirements.
The current version of the Code  of Practice pre-dates current EU legislation and should be read in conjunction  with our accompanying guidance note  [Link  to Codes of Practice]. We are working to update the Code.
The Pesticides Forum provides  advice to both Government and Industry on how pesticides can be used in a  sustainable fashion.
Further Information
EU  Directive on Sustainable Pesticide UseCode  of Practice for the Safe Use of PesticidesCode  of Practice, Accompanying Guidance NoteNational  Action PlanAwarding  bodies/Specified certificatesNational  Sprayer Testing Scheme (external)Aerial  spraying arrangementsPesticides ForumVoluntary Initiative (external)Amenity Forum (external)Storage of Pesticides Guidance


 


The basics for your business




Health and safety toolbox



Help

Pesticides A-Z

FAQs

Reporting Incidents

Contacting CRD

Regulatory Updates Index

Information Updates Index


Resources



            Codes of Practice


            Pesticide/Plant Protection Product Databases


            Application forms


            Handling pesticide investigation and concerns

More Resources





Footer links

Search
A-Z
Acronyms
Site map
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Cookies
Accessibility




HSE aims to reduce work-related death, injury and ill health.

Cymraeg / Welsh
Shqip / Albanian
 / Arabic
 / Bengali
 / Chinese
Čeština / Czech
 / Gujarati
 / Hindi
 / Kurdish
Latviešu / Latvian
Lietuviskai / Lithuanian
Polski / Polish
Português / Portuguese
 / Punjabi
Românâ / Romanian
Русский / Russian
Slovensky / Slovak
Türçke / Turkish
 / Urdu




Updated 
       2017-01-20

































HSE: Guidance: Industries













Skip to content
Skip to navigation

   


This website uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your user experience. You can visit our cookie privacy page for more information.




Health and Safety
      Executive

 




Home
News




Guidance




About you




About HSE




Contact HSE







Accessibility


Text size:

A - switch to normal size
A - switch to large size
A - switch to larger size









HSE
Guidance
Industries


 



Guidance
Topics
Industries
Resources

Related content

Communities
FAQs
Freedom of Information (FOI)
Legislation
Statistics
Subscribe



 
A-Z of guidance by industry


A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z







A

Agriculture
Air transport
Armed forces

B

Biocides

C

Catering and hospitality
Cement
Ceramics
Chemicals
Cleaning
Concrete
Construction

D

Diving
Docks (ports)

E

Education
Engineering
Entertainment and leisure
Explosives

F

Fire and rescue services
Food and drink manufacture
Footwear

G

Gas - Domestic
Gas - LPG (liquefied petroleum gas)
Gas - Supply
Glass and glazing

H

Hairdressing
Health and Social Care Services
Heavy clay and bricks

L

Laundries and dry-cleaners
Leather
Local government
Logistics

M


Manufacturing
Mining
Molten metals
Motor vehicle repair

N

Nuclear

O

Offshore oil and gas
Offshore Safety Directive Regulator (OSDR)

P

Paper
Pesticides
Plastics
Police
Ports
Printing
Public services

Q

Quarries

R

Railways
Recycling
Refractories
Retail
Rubber

S

Shale gas
Stoneworkers
Surface engineering

T

Textiles
Tree work

W

Waste management
Woodworking and furniture





Resources


   Health and safety law poster  
   Controlling the risks in the workplace  
   HSWA - Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974  


More resources






Footer links

Search
A-Z
Acronyms
Site map
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Cookies
Accessibility




HSE aims to reduce work-related death, injury and ill health.

Cymraeg / Welsh
Shqip / Albanian
 / Arabic
 / Bengali
 / Chinese
Čeština / Czech
 / Gujarati
 / Hindi
 / Kurdish
Latviešu / Latvian
Lietuviskai / Lithuanian
Polski / Polish
Português / Portuguese
 / Punjabi
Românâ / Romanian
Русский / Russian
Slovensky / Slovak
Türçke / Turkish
 / Urdu





2016-06-30






























Creating Safe EMF Free Environment in your home















































































  Loading... Please wait...





Sign in or Create an account--->
          

888-SAFE-EMF (888-723-3363)


Gift Certificates










Wish Lists



View Cart (0) 






Toggle Top Menu












Search

Search




Main Navigation






Home




Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe










Home
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments





Categories


EMF ≈ Personal Protectors
EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
Tachyon EMF Protection Kits & Packs
EMF Personal Stress Busters
Smart Meter  ≈  EMF Protection Kits
Do Cell Phones Cause Cancer?





 Popular Groups


Personal EMF Protection Cell Phone Protection Disks What Is Tachyon Whole Home Protection Tachyon Cube and Home Kit 10cm Silica Disks
View ALL Groups







Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Your castle! Whether it be a shared room or a mansion, your home is the place to nurture and provide a sacred space for inner peace. Create sanity in a crazy world. A sacred space harmonizes and rejuvenates everyone's energy levels. Experience how a sacred space poind transformative. Once you’ve experienced the sanctuary of a sacred space you will always drift back to it. We guarantee it.





		
		Sort by:
		
Featured Items
Newest Items
Bestselling
Alphabetical: A to Z
Alphabetical: Z to A
Avg. Customer Review
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low

























Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection$116.48 $109.98



Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators, televisions and laptops...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution$221.48 $208.48



Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution for your Protection
A complement of Tachyon Silica Disks and Tachyon Cubes for shielding your home and workspace. Four 4-inch Tachyonized Silica Disks, three Tachyonized Cubes...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space$169.48



Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects you and your...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs$426.98



Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects you and your...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes$186.48 $175.48



Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators,...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyonized Star Gate 8 - 9 cm - Simply the Best Personal Meditation Device on the Planet$599.48



Star Gate: Meditation and Transformation Expander. 
The Tachyonized Star Gate helps create a sacred, clear, energetically expanding space. Perfect for learning, meditating, and working at one's higher...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













LARGE Tachyon Sun Spots ≈ The Number One Choice in Room Energy EMF Neutralizer$998.00



Tachyon Sun Spots ≈ The Number One Choice in Room Energy EMF Neutralizer
Tachyonized, Tachyon Sun Spots surround home and workspace with peaceful, tranquil energy. The best energy product for rooms depleted by...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













TSD-40 Twin Pack - Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz X 2 - EMF Treatment Kit$626.00



Tachyon Star Dust - Safe EMF Treatment Kit
TWIN PACK - enough for 12 gallons of paint
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













 New Products







Tachyonized Star Gate 8 - 9 cm - Simply the Best Personal Meditation Device on the Planet
$599.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






LARGE Tachyon Sun Spots ≈ The Number One Choice in Room Energy EMF Neutralizer
$998.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






TSD-40 Twin Pack - Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz X 2 - EMF Treatment Kit
$626.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
$426.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
$169.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Current Top Sellers







Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection
$116.48 $109.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution
$221.48 $208.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
$169.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes
$186.48 $175.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
$426.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart













 





Quick Links


Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe








What's News




Important Post on the Dangers of Cell Phones - by Michelle Morrelli
In today's modern age of scientific breakthroughs we collectively appreciate …








newsletter





Name



Email













Copyright 2017 A Safe EMF Environment. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
                





    All prices are in USD.



 Close 



 Close 


Selected For Comparision



Compare Now














﻿
​                               
                            
                              





















Creating Safe EMF Free Environment in your home















































































  Loading... Please wait...





Sign in or Create an account--->
          

888-SAFE-EMF (888-723-3363)


Gift Certificates










Wish Lists



View Cart (0) 






Toggle Top Menu












Search

Search




Main Navigation






Home




Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe










Home
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments





Categories


EMF ≈ Personal Protectors
EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
Tachyon EMF Protection Kits & Packs
EMF Personal Stress Busters
Smart Meter  ≈  EMF Protection Kits
Do Cell Phones Cause Cancer?





 Popular Groups


Personal EMF Protection Cell Phone Protection Disks What Is Tachyon Whole Home Protection Tachyon Cube and Home Kit 10cm Silica Disks
View ALL Groups







Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Your castle! Whether it be a shared room or a mansion, your home is the place to nurture and provide a sacred space for inner peace. Create sanity in a crazy world. A sacred space harmonizes and rejuvenates everyone's energy levels. Experience how a sacred space poind transformative. Once you’ve experienced the sanctuary of a sacred space you will always drift back to it. We guarantee it.





		
		Sort by:
		
Featured Items
Newest Items
Bestselling
Alphabetical: A to Z
Alphabetical: Z to A
Avg. Customer Review
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low

























Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection$116.48 $109.98



Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators, televisions and laptops...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution$221.48 $208.48



Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution for your Protection
A complement of Tachyon Silica Disks and Tachyon Cubes for shielding your home and workspace. Four 4-inch Tachyonized Silica Disks, three Tachyonized Cubes...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space$169.48



Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects you and your...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs$426.98



Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects you and your...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes$186.48 $175.48



Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators,...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyonized Star Gate 8 - 9 cm - Simply the Best Personal Meditation Device on the Planet$599.48



Star Gate: Meditation and Transformation Expander. 
The Tachyonized Star Gate helps create a sacred, clear, energetically expanding space. Perfect for learning, meditating, and working at one's higher...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













LARGE Tachyon Sun Spots ≈ The Number One Choice in Room Energy EMF Neutralizer$998.00



Tachyon Sun Spots ≈ The Number One Choice in Room Energy EMF Neutralizer
Tachyonized, Tachyon Sun Spots surround home and workspace with peaceful, tranquil energy. The best energy product for rooms depleted by...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













TSD-40 Twin Pack - Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz X 2 - EMF Treatment Kit$626.00



Tachyon Star Dust - Safe EMF Treatment Kit
TWIN PACK - enough for 12 gallons of paint
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













 New Products







Tachyonized Star Gate 8 - 9 cm - Simply the Best Personal Meditation Device on the Planet
$599.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






LARGE Tachyon Sun Spots ≈ The Number One Choice in Room Energy EMF Neutralizer
$998.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






TSD-40 Twin Pack - Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz X 2 - EMF Treatment Kit
$626.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
$426.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
$169.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Current Top Sellers







Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection
$116.48 $109.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution
$221.48 $208.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
$169.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes
$186.48 $175.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
$426.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart













 





Quick Links


Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe








What's News




Important Post on the Dangers of Cell Phones - by Michelle Morrelli
In today's modern age of scientific breakthroughs we collectively appreciate …








newsletter





Name



Email













Copyright 2017 A Safe EMF Environment. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
                





    All prices are in USD.



 Close 



 Close 


Selected For Comparision



Compare Now














﻿
​                               
                            
                              





















EMF Protection for Home and Office















































































  Loading... Please wait...





Sign in or Create an account--->
          

888-SAFE-EMF (888-723-3363)


Gift Certificates










Wish Lists



View Cart (0) 






Toggle Top Menu












Search

Search




Main Navigation






Home




Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe










Home
EMFs ≈ Home and Office





Categories


EMF ≈ Personal Protectors
EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
Tachyon EMF Protection Kits & Packs
EMF Personal Stress Busters
Smart Meter  ≈  EMF Protection Kits
Do Cell Phones Cause Cancer?





 Popular Groups


Personal EMF Protection Cell Phone Protection Disks What Is Tachyon Whole Home Protection Tachyon Cube and Home Kit 10cm Silica Disks
View ALL Groups







EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Today, it’s possible to protect yourself and your loved ones from electro-magnetic radiation exposure (EMFs) emitted in your home and workplace from appliances, computers––anything that uses electricity. Research has proven, and experts report, that in most cases, Tachyonized Tools actually resolve the EMF issue. Tachyonized Disks have been sold to users and companies in over 153 countries. They are the standard worldwide. Read More...
                    
 These Life Guard Tachyon Disks Have Hundreds of Applications!
A few suggestions:

Put disks under the veggie drawer of your refrigerator to energetically enhance all your produce. 


Put a disk on top of your water dispenser to charge your drinking water. 


Use a Cube on the cord of your blender or juicer to protect your juices from EMF depletion. 

 
     
 
Free Shipping on USA Orders Over $99.00 and our exclusive 30/60 day Guarantee





		
		Sort by:
		
Featured Items
Newest Items
Bestselling
Alphabetical: A to Z
Alphabetical: Z to A
Avg. Customer Review
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low

























Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection$116.48 $109.98



Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators, televisions and laptops...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch - The World Standard EMF Protection $45.48 $42.98



Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch - The World Standard EMF Protection 
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators, televisions and laptops...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution$221.48 $208.48



Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution for your Protection
A complement of Tachyon Silica Disks and Tachyon Cubes for shielding your home and workspace. Four 4-inch Tachyonized Silica Disks, three Tachyonized Cubes...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space$169.48



Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects you and your...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch - X-Large for Large Jobs, EMFs, Breaker Boxes$70.48 $66.48



Attach this Tachyonized Tachyon energy product to a Smart meter, appliance, computer, and any electronic device for protection from harmful electromagnetic radiation (EMFs)
Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch - X-Large for Large...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Cube - Perfect for Appliances Including Laptops. Great EMF Protection$26.48 $24.98



Tachyon Cube - Perfect for Appliances Including Laptops. Great EMF Protection
Tachyonized Cube, a Tachyon EMF protection product, protects your home and workspace from harmful electromagnetic radiation. Snap onto cords of...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs$426.98



Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects you and your...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes$186.48 $175.48



Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators,...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













TSD-40 Twin Pack - Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz X 2 - EMF Treatment Kit$626.00



Tachyon Star Dust - Safe EMF Treatment Kit
TWIN PACK - enough for 12 gallons of paint
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













 New Products







TSD-40 Twin Pack - Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz X 2 - EMF Treatment Kit
$626.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
$426.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
$169.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch - X-Large for Large Jobs, EMFs, Breaker Boxes
$70.48 $66.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch - The World Standard EMF Protection 
$45.48 $42.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Current Top Sellers







Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection
$116.48 $109.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch - The World Standard EMF Protection 
$45.48 $42.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution
$221.48 $208.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Cube - Perfect for Appliances Including Laptops. Great EMF Protection
$26.48 $24.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch - X-Large for Large Jobs, EMFs, Breaker Boxes
$70.48 $66.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart













 





Quick Links


Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe








What's News




Important Post on the Dangers of Cell Phones - by Michelle Morrelli
In today's modern age of scientific breakthroughs we collectively appreciate …








newsletter





Name



Email













Copyright 2017 A Safe EMF Environment. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
                





    All prices are in USD.



 Close 



 Close 


Selected For Comparision



Compare Now














﻿
​                               
                            
                              























Code of Practice for Using Plant Protection Products














Skip to content
Skip to navigation

   


This website uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your user experience. You can visit our cookie privacy page for more information.




Health and Safety
      Executive






Home
News




Guidance




About you




About HSE




Contact HSE







Accessibility


Text size:

A - switch to normal size
A - switch to large size
A - switch to larger size









HSEGuidanceIndustriesPesticidesUsing pesticidesCode of Practice for Using Plant Protection Products


 


Pesticides Home
Introduction to the Regulation of Pesticides
Pesticides Registration 
General Information 
FAQ on 'Registration of Pesticides'
Introduction to Approval and Authorisation
Certificates of Freesale
Grower, Small Business and Biopesticide Champions
FEPA and COPR


Applicant Guide

Applicant Guide  Introductory Pages

The Applicant Guide  Contents
Do I Need To Submit  An Application?
What Should I  Include In An Application?
How Will My  Application Be Processed?
What Happens Once  My Application Is Completed
How Do I Make  Changes To An Authorisation?
UK Guidance A-Z 


Application Types -  Basics

Application Types
Requirements For New Products
Requirements For  Changes To Existing Products
Requirements For Extensions of Authorisation 
Requirements For  Trials Permits
Completion of the Application Overview
Data for the chemistry of the formulation and toxicology?
How do I generate data on  residues/consumer exposure?
Data for environmental exposure, ecotoxicology and  efficacy
Addressing  risk to  operators/bystanders
Technical  Specifications And Formulation Details
Two-Stage Applications
Common Omissions Checklist
Notification process for non-significant changes to formulations


Active Substance  Approval

The EU Decision Making Process for Active Substances
New AS – optional phased submission process
List of Candidates  for Substitution - Q&A
Submission and assessment of confirmatory data following AS  approval
Low-risk and Basic AS


Zonal Authorisation  and Mutual Recognition

Zonal authorisations and mutual recognition 
Following zonal procedures 


Extensions of   Use

Extension of Use  Contents
Extension of use of PPPs: an Introduction
Explanatory Notes in Advisory Information 
Extensions of Use under EC) 1107/2009
Examples Of Information Required To Support The 'Need'  For EAMUs


Trials Permits

Trials Permits  Contents
General Information on Trials Permits 
Extrapolated and  Assessed Trials Permits


Emergency Authorisations

Emergency (120 day)  Authorisation
ECP Guidance On  Emergency Authorisations


Re-Registration

Re-registration  contents
General Information  On Re-Registration And Step 1
Step 2 And Other Issues For Re-Registration
Re-Registration For  Extensions Of Use
Re-Registration Of  Parallel Imports
Re-registration for existing UK Authorisation Holders
The Application Overview For Re-Registration 


Renewal of Product Authorisation
Parallel Trade  Permits

Parallel Trade  Permit Procedure
Parallel Trade  Permits for 'Own-Use'
List of Source Products Currently Approved 


Biopesticides Home

Biopesticide Scheme


Data Provision and Protection

Protection Of Data
Letters of Access
Vertebrate Testing Requirements


Adjuvants
Maximum Residue  Levels and Import Tolerances
Tank-mix recommendations  on product labels
Labelling and  Packaging Issues

Introduction to  Classification and Labelling
Labelling Handbook  Contents
Garden Pesticides:  Guidance on Pack Size Limits
Classification and labelling requirements after June 2011


Administrative  Issues

Application Streams  And Targets
Application Fees Guidance
Financial Forms
Changes To Invoicing Procedures For Parallel Trade Permit Applications From 1 October 2015
Submitting Additional Information Mid-Evaluation
Structure Of A  Notice Of Authorisation
Product Registration  Numbers
Data Submission Deadlines and Data Requirements 
Commercial  withdrawals
Withdrawal of  Authorisations and Permits
 The transition  from COPR and Directive 91/414/EEC to (EC) 1107/2009
Under what  legislation will applications be considered?


Miscellaneous

Reduced water volume assessments
Consideration of study protocols by HSE
Addition of undersown crops to product labels
Adverse data
Commodity  Substances


Regulatory Updates


Fees List
Data Requirements Handbook 
Physical and Chemical Properties
Analytical methods
Toxicology
Residues
Consumer exposure
Non - dietary Human Exposure
Environmental Fate
Ecotoxicology
Efficacy Guides

Official Recognition: Introduction




Withdrawal and Restrictions

Active Substances Subject to the Poisons Law
Banned and Non-Authorised Pesticides
Amendment, Expiry, Suspension and Revocation of Approvals




Enforcement

Public Register of Enforcement Notices
Reporting Incidents
Human Health Enquiry and Incident Survey


Commodity Substances 
Using Pesticides

General
Codes of Practice


Monitoring the Impact of Plant Protection Products

Wildlife


Maximum Residue Levels


Databases Home Page

e-approvals

E-Approvals Instructions
Word Viewer Software and Verification of Digital Signatures


Databases Help
Pesticides Register Database: User Guide
Help: How to use the Garden search
FAQ on Information on Pesticide Products
Crop Definitions List
Databases Policy
LERAP Category A and B descriptions
LERAPS Product Search
Historical Versions of Crop Hierarchy


Consultations
Resources

Responsibility for Pesticides
Access to Information
Information Updates Indexes
Regulatory Updates Indexes
All Approval Holders Letters
Research Reports
Pesticides A-Z
FAQs


Events 
Contact 
User Areas

Farmers and Growers
Garden Home
Members of the General Public
Research


Pesticides News

Related content

Biocides
Chemical classification
COSHH
REACH
Chemicals
Export and Import of Dangerous Chemicals
The CLP Regulation
Detergents



 Code of Practice for Using Plant Protection Products
This Code of Practice is for all professional users of plant protection products in England and Wales in respect of Part III of the Food and Environment Protection Act 1985 (FEPA) and the regulations controlling pesticides, particularly plant protection products, under that part of the Act. It replaces three previous codes of practice from 15 December 2005: 
the Code of Practice for the Safe Use of Pesticides on Farms and Small Holdings ('the Green Code') 
the Code of Practice for the use of Approved pesticides in Amenity Areas and Industrial Areas ('the Orange Code') a voluntary code produced by the National Association of Agricultural Contractors and the British Agrochemical Association 
those parts of the Code of Practice for the safe use of Pesticides for Non-Agricultural Purposes - The Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations 1999 ('the Blue Code') which deal with forestry.  The Code’s statutory basis means that it can be used in evidence if people are taken to Court for offences involving pesticides. New Guidance: Plant Protection Products (Sustainable Use) Regulations 2012 Information about new guidance affecting those using plant protection products is available on the Codes of Practice Home Page. Availability of the code Copies of the code of Practice can be downloaded from this website. Please see links below.  Erratum Page 56 - Amendment to Code of Practice for Using Plant Protection Products New Paragraph 3.7.4 of the Code of Practice for Using Plant Protection Products The code of practice for using plant protection products was published by Defra in February 2006. Unfortunately, after publication, the Pesticide Safety Directorate (now the Chemicals Regulation Division) discovered an error in paragraph 3.7.4 on public access and rights of way. Our mistake was in the reference to the Countryside and Rights of Way Act 2000, specifically the possibility of temporary closure of rights of way during ‘prescribed dangerous works’ not yet being implemented. We have amended paragraph 3.7.4 which is given below The Code of Practice download Complete Code of Practice for Using Plant Protection Products Code of Practice for Using Plant Protection Products (pdf, 168 pages) In sections Contents and Official Status (pdf, 15 pages) Section 1: Introduction (pdf, 4 pages) Section 2: Training and certification (pdf, 8 pages) Section 3: Planning and preparation (pdf, 44 pages) Section 4: Working with pesticides (pdf, 23 pages) Section 5: Disposing of pesticide waste (pdf, 8 pages) Section 6: Keeping records (pdf, 8 pages) Annexes and End (pdf, 58 pages)
Further information
Information Statement on application of pesticides using vehicles in public areas (185kb)The Yellow Code (pdf, 60 pages) (916kb)
Local  Council Hazardous Waste Disposal Services information on Gov.uk

Crop Protection  Association advice on Garden Chemical disposal 

 


The basics for your business




Health and safety toolbox



Help

Pesticides A-Z

FAQs

Reporting Incidents

Contacting CRD

Regulatory Updates Index

Information Updates Index


Resources



            Codes of Practice


            Pesticide/Plant Protection Product Databases


            Application forms


            Handling pesticide investigation and concerns

More Resources





Footer links

Search
A-Z
Acronyms
Site map
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Cookies
Accessibility




HSE aims to reduce work-related death, injury and ill health.

Cymraeg / Welsh
Shqip / Albanian
 / Arabic
 / Bengali
 / Chinese
Čeština / Czech
 / Gujarati
 / Hindi
 / Kurdish
Latviešu / Latvian
Lietuviskai / Lithuanian
Polski / Polish
Português / Portuguese
 / Punjabi
Românâ / Romanian
Русский / Russian
Slovensky / Slovak
Türçke / Turkish
 / Urdu




Updated 
       2017-02-13

































Pesticides














Skip to content
Skip to navigation

   


This website uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your user experience. You can visit our cookie privacy page for more information.




Health and Safety
      Executive






Home
News




Guidance




About you




About HSE




Contact HSE







Accessibility


Text size:

A - switch to normal size
A - switch to large size
A - switch to larger size









HSEGuidanceIndustriesPesticides


 


Pesticides Home
Introduction to the Regulation of Pesticides
Pesticides Registration 
General Information 
FAQ on 'Registration of Pesticides'
Introduction to Approval and Authorisation
Certificates of Freesale
Grower, Small Business and Biopesticide Champions
FEPA and COPR


Applicant Guide

Applicant Guide  Introductory Pages

The Applicant Guide  Contents
Do I Need To Submit  An Application?
What Should I  Include In An Application?
How Will My  Application Be Processed?
What Happens Once  My Application Is Completed
How Do I Make  Changes To An Authorisation?
UK Guidance A-Z 


Application Types -  Basics

Application Types
Requirements For New Products
Requirements For  Changes To Existing Products
Requirements For Extensions of Authorisation 
Requirements For  Trials Permits
Completion of the Application Overview
Data for the chemistry of the formulation and toxicology?
How do I generate data on  residues/consumer exposure?
Data for environmental exposure, ecotoxicology and  efficacy
Addressing  risk to  operators/bystanders
Technical  Specifications And Formulation Details
Two-Stage Applications
Common Omissions Checklist
Notification process for non-significant changes to formulations


Active Substance  Approval

The EU Decision Making Process for Active Substances
New AS – optional phased submission process
List of Candidates  for Substitution - Q&A
Submission and assessment of confirmatory data following AS  approval
Low-risk and Basic AS


Zonal Authorisation  and Mutual Recognition

Zonal authorisations and mutual recognition 
Following zonal procedures 


Extensions of   Use

Extension of Use  Contents
Extension of use of PPPs: an Introduction
Explanatory Notes in Advisory Information 
Extensions of Use under EC) 1107/2009
Examples Of Information Required To Support The 'Need'  For EAMUs


Trials Permits

Trials Permits  Contents
General Information on Trials Permits 
Extrapolated and  Assessed Trials Permits


Emergency Authorisations

Emergency (120 day)  Authorisation
ECP Guidance On  Emergency Authorisations


Re-Registration

Re-registration  contents
General Information  On Re-Registration And Step 1
Step 2 And Other Issues For Re-Registration
Re-Registration For  Extensions Of Use
Re-Registration Of  Parallel Imports
Re-registration for existing UK Authorisation Holders
The Application Overview For Re-Registration 


Renewal of Product Authorisation
Parallel Trade  Permits

Parallel Trade  Permit Procedure
Parallel Trade  Permits for 'Own-Use'
List of Source Products Currently Approved 


Biopesticides Home

Biopesticide Scheme


Data Provision and Protection

Protection Of Data
Letters of Access
Vertebrate Testing Requirements


Adjuvants
Maximum Residue  Levels and Import Tolerances
Tank-mix recommendations  on product labels
Labelling and  Packaging Issues

Introduction to  Classification and Labelling
Labelling Handbook  Contents
Garden Pesticides:  Guidance on Pack Size Limits
Classification and labelling requirements after June 2011


Administrative  Issues

Application Streams  And Targets
Application Fees Guidance
Financial Forms
Changes To Invoicing Procedures For Parallel Trade Permit Applications From 1 October 2015
Submitting Additional Information Mid-Evaluation
Structure Of A  Notice Of Authorisation
Product Registration  Numbers
Data Submission Deadlines and Data Requirements 
Commercial  withdrawals
Withdrawal of  Authorisations and Permits
 The transition  from COPR and Directive 91/414/EEC to (EC) 1107/2009
Under what  legislation will applications be considered?


Miscellaneous

Reduced water volume assessments
Consideration of study protocols by HSE
Addition of undersown crops to product labels
Adverse data
Commodity  Substances


Regulatory Updates


Fees List
Data Requirements Handbook 
Physical and Chemical Properties
Analytical methods
Toxicology
Residues
Consumer exposure
Non - dietary Human Exposure
Environmental Fate
Ecotoxicology
Efficacy Guides

Official Recognition: Introduction




Withdrawal and Restrictions

Active Substances Subject to the Poisons Law
Banned and Non-Authorised Pesticides
Amendment, Expiry, Suspension and Revocation of Approvals




Enforcement

Public Register of Enforcement Notices
Reporting Incidents
Human Health Enquiry and Incident Survey


Commodity Substances 
Using Pesticides

General
Codes of Practice


Monitoring the Impact of Plant Protection Products

Wildlife


Maximum Residue Levels


Databases Home Page

e-approvals

E-Approvals Instructions
Word Viewer Software and Verification of Digital Signatures


Databases Help
Pesticides Register Database: User Guide
Help: How to use the Garden search
FAQ on Information on Pesticide Products
Crop Definitions List
Databases Policy
LERAP Category A and B descriptions
LERAPS Product Search
Historical Versions of Crop Hierarchy


Consultations
Resources

Responsibility for Pesticides
Access to Information
Information Updates Indexes
Regulatory Updates Indexes
All Approval Holders Letters
Research Reports
Pesticides A-Z
FAQs


Events 
Contact 
User Areas

Farmers and Growers
Garden Home
Members of the General Public
Research


Pesticides News

Related content

Biocides
Chemical classification
COSHH
REACH
Chemicals
Export and Import of Dangerous Chemicals
The CLP Regulation
Detergents



 

Pesticides


Guidance on authorisation for pesticides used in Agriculture, Horticulture or the Home Garden (Plant Protection Products). Guidance on how to use these products safely and information about controls over pesticide residues in food.
Pesticides registrationUsing pesticides
Introduction to the Regulation of Pesticides





The basics for your business




Health and safety toolbox



Help
A-ZFAQsReporting Incident
Contacting CRD
Regulatory Updates Index
Information Updates Index
Glossary




News

Potential changes to MRLs under EC Regulation 396/2005

Latest Published Commission Regulations under Regulation 396/2005

Plant Protection Products Containing Glyphosate and the Co-Formulant POE- Tallowamine
Pesticides Applicant Enquiries to the Health and Safety  Executive’s Chemicals Regulation Division

More news


FAQs

Registering a Pesticide Information About Pesticide ProductsAgricultural / Horticultural / Amenity Use of PesticidesUsing Pesticides in the Garden Concerns About The Use of Pesticides
More FAQs

Resources



Codes of Practice Home page

Pesticide/Plant Protection Product Databases

Application forms
More Resources


User areas
Farmers and GrowersGarden HomeMembers of the General PublicResearch
More about user areas


Advisory groups
Pesticides ForumUK Expert Committee on Pesticides (ECP)Pesticide residues in food (PRIF)Resistance Action Groups 
Archived information

Subscribe
Keep in touch with all the latest news from HSE

RSS
eBulletin
Podcast
Mobile







Footer links

Search
A-Z
Acronyms
Site map
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Cookies
Accessibility




HSE aims to reduce work-related death, injury and ill health.

Cymraeg / Welsh
Shqip / Albanian
 / Arabic
 / Bengali
 / Chinese
Čeština / Czech
 / Gujarati
 / Hindi
 / Kurdish
Latviešu / Latvian
Lietuviskai / Lithuanian
Polski / Polish
Português / Portuguese
 / Punjabi
Românâ / Romanian
Русский / Russian
Slovensky / Slovak
Türçke / Turkish
 / Urdu




Up2017-03-29































EMF Protection for Home and Office















































































  Loading... Please wait...





Sign in or Create an account--->
          

888-SAFE-EMF (888-723-3363)


Gift Certificates










Wish Lists



View Cart (0) 






Toggle Top Menu












Search

Search




Main Navigation






Home




Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe










Home
EMFs ≈ Home and Office





Categories


EMF ≈ Personal Protectors
EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
Tachyon EMF Protection Kits & Packs
EMF Personal Stress Busters
Smart Meter  ≈  EMF Protection Kits
Do Cell Phones Cause Cancer?





 Popular Groups


Personal EMF Protection Cell Phone Protection Disks What Is Tachyon Whole Home Protection Tachyon Cube and Home Kit 10cm Silica Disks
View ALL Groups







EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Today, it’s possible to protect yourself and your loved ones from electro-magnetic radiation exposure (EMFs) emitted in your home and workplace from appliances, computers––anything that uses electricity. Research has proven, and experts report, that in most cases, Tachyonized Tools actually resolve the EMF issue. Tachyonized Disks have been sold to users and companies in over 153 countries. They are the standard worldwide. Read More...
                    
 These Life Guard Tachyon Disks Have Hundreds of Applications!
A few suggestions:

Put disks under the veggie drawer of your refrigerator to energetically enhance all your produce. 


Put a disk on top of your water dispenser to charge your drinking water. 


Use a Cube on the cord of your blender or juicer to protect your juices from EMF depletion. 

 
     
 
Free Shipping on USA Orders Over $99.00 and our exclusive 30/60 day Guarantee





		
		Sort by:
		
Featured Items
Newest Items
Bestselling
Alphabetical: A to Z
Alphabetical: Z to A
Avg. Customer Review
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low

























Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection$116.48 $109.98



Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators, televisions and laptops...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch - The World Standard EMF Protection $45.48 $42.98



Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch - The World Standard EMF Protection 
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators, televisions and laptops...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution$221.48 $208.48



Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution for your Protection
A complement of Tachyon Silica Disks and Tachyon Cubes for shielding your home and workspace. Four 4-inch Tachyonized Silica Disks, three Tachyonized Cubes...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space$169.48



Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects you and your...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch - X-Large for Large Jobs, EMFs, Breaker Boxes$70.48 $66.48



Attach this Tachyonized Tachyon energy product to a Smart meter, appliance, computer, and any electronic device for protection from harmful electromagnetic radiation (EMFs)
Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch - X-Large for Large...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Cube - Perfect for Appliances Including Laptops. Great EMF Protection$26.48 $24.98



Tachyon Cube - Perfect for Appliances Including Laptops. Great EMF Protection
Tachyonized Cube, a Tachyon EMF protection product, protects your home and workspace from harmful electromagnetic radiation. Snap onto cords of...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs$426.98



Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects you and your...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes$186.48 $175.48



Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch 3-Pack - Money Saving Kit for EMF Protection, Breaker Boxes
Tachyonized Silica Disks can be used for a variety of things. Use them over your circuit breakers, on computers, refrigerators,...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













TSD-40 Twin Pack - Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz X 2 - EMF Treatment Kit$626.00



Tachyon Star Dust - Safe EMF Treatment Kit
TWIN PACK - enough for 12 gallons of paint
Tachyonized Star Dust is a powder designed to be mixed with paint, creating a blissful sanctuary for your home and office and protects...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













 New Products







TSD-40 Twin Pack - Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz X 2 - EMF Treatment Kit
$626.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 48 oz - Most Popular Environment Treatment Kit for EMFs
$426.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Star Dust 16 oz. - Creating a Sacred and EMF Free Energy Space
$169.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch - X-Large for Large Jobs, EMFs, Breaker Boxes
$70.48 $66.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch - The World Standard EMF Protection 
$45.48 $42.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Current Top Sellers







Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch 3-Pack - Breaker Box Kit for EMF Protection
$116.48 $109.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Tachyon Silica Disk 4 Inch - The World Standard EMF Protection 
$45.48 $42.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon EMF Home Kit - A Money Saving Solution
$221.48 $208.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Cube - Perfect for Appliances Including Laptops. Great EMF Protection
$26.48 $24.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Silica Disk 6 Inch - X-Large for Large Jobs, EMFs, Breaker Boxes
$70.48 $66.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart













 





Quick Links


Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe








What's News




Important Post on the Dangers of Cell Phones - by Michelle Morrelli
In today's modern age of scientific breakthroughs we collectively appreciate …








newsletter





Name



Email













Copyright 2017 A Safe EMF Environment. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
                





    All prices are in USD.



 Close 



 Close 


Selected For Comparision



Compare Now














﻿
​                               
                            
                              





















EMF Cell Phone Radiation Protection Products















































































  Loading... Please wait...





Sign in or Create an account--->
          

888-SAFE-EMF (888-723-3363)


Gift Certificates










Wish Lists



View Cart (0) 






Toggle Top Menu












Search

Search




Main Navigation






Home




Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe










Home
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available





Categories


EMF ≈ Personal Protectors
EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
Tachyon EMF Protection Kits & Packs
EMF Personal Stress Busters
Smart Meter  ≈  EMF Protection Kits
Do Cell Phones Cause Cancer?





 Popular Groups


Personal EMF Protection Cell Phone Protection Disks What Is Tachyon Whole Home Protection Tachyon Cube and Home Kit 10cm Silica Disks
View ALL Groups







Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
I created the Tachyonized Micro-Disk LifeGuards so that you and your family can use your cellphones and small electronic devices as often and as long as you like comfortably knowing you're totally protected from harmful, health depleting cellphone radiation. They're totally safe. They last a lifetime. Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk LifeGuards are the standard in cellphone radiation protection. 
 
               
 
Dr. Gabriel Cousens, World Acknowledged Expert

May 2016
"I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today."
“After testing almost every devices on the market,I discovered the Tachyon Mini-V.""The Mini-V was consistently at least 100 times more EMF protective than any other device.” 
“I and my family now wear the Tachyon Mini-V all the time” 
 As a holistic physician Dr. Cousens is continually working with EMF sensitive people. “I recommend it to all my patients, and especially my diabetes patients whose blood sugar goes up when exposed to EMFs.” I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMFs that is available today."
Gabriel Cousens, M.D.,M.D.(h), D.D. Author of 13 Books on Holistic Health
 USA Patent Proven Tachyonization 





		
		Sort by:
		
Featured Items
Newest Items
Bestselling
Alphabetical: A to Z
Alphabetical: Z to A
Avg. Customer Review
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low

























Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk - The Standard in Cell Phone Radiation Protection. Protects 1 Phone$21.48 $20.48



Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk - The Standard in Cell Phone Radiation Protection. Protects 1 Phone
Numerous studies suggest long term use of harmful EMF emitting devices can cause serious ailments and disease. The hazardous...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk 3-Pack - Save Money, Protect 3 Phones from EMFs$61.48 $57.98



Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk 3-Pack - Save Money, Protect 3 Phones from EMF Radiation
Attach this Tachyonized Tachyon energy product to your cellphone or small electrical device and be fully protected from harmful...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Cell Phone Family Kit - This Kit Will Protect 5 Cell Phones from EMFs$96.48 $90.98



Tachyon Cell Phone Family Kit - Protect 5 Cell Phones from harmful EMFs
 
Attach this Tachyonized Tachyon energy product to your cellphone or small electrical device and be fully protected from harmful...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













 New Products







Tachyon Cell Phone Family Kit - This Kit Will Protect 5 Cell Phones from EMFs
$96.48 $90.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk - The Standard in Cell Phone Radiation Protection. Protects 1 Phone
$21.48 $20.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk 3-Pack - Save Money, Protect 3 Phones from EMFs
$61.48 $57.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Current Top Sellers







Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk - The Standard in Cell Phone Radiation Protection. Protects 1 Phone
$21.48 $20.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk 3-Pack - Save Money, Protect 3 Phones from EMFs
$61.48 $57.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Cell Phone Family Kit - This Kit Will Protect 5 Cell Phones from EMFs
$96.48 $90.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart













 





Quick Links


Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe








What's News




Important Post on the Dangers of Cell Phones - by Michelle Morrelli
In today's modern age of scientific breakthroughs we collectively appreciate …








newsletter





Name



Email













Copyright 2017 A Safe EMF Environment. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
                





    All prices are in USD.



 Close 



 Close 


Selected For Comparision



Compare Now














﻿
​                               
                            
                              





















EMF Cell Phone Radiation Protection Products















































































  Loading... Please wait...





Sign in or Create an account--->
          

888-SAFE-EMF (888-723-3363)


Gift Certificates










Wish Lists



View Cart (0) 






Toggle Top Menu












Search

Search




Main Navigation






Home




Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe










Home
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available





Categories


EMF ≈ Personal Protectors
EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
Tachyon EMF Protection Kits & Packs
EMF Personal Stress Busters
Smart Meter  ≈  EMF Protection Kits
Do Cell Phones Cause Cancer?





 Popular Groups


Personal EMF Protection Cell Phone Protection Disks What Is Tachyon Whole Home Protection Tachyon Cube and Home Kit 10cm Silica Disks
View ALL Groups







Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
I created the Tachyonized Micro-Disk LifeGuards so that you and your family can use your cellphones and small electronic devices as often and as long as you like comfortably knowing you're totally protected from harmful, health depleting cellphone radiation. They're totally safe. They last a lifetime. Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk LifeGuards are the standard in cellphone radiation protection. 
 
               
 
Dr. Gabriel Cousens, World Acknowledged Expert

May 2016
"I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today."
“After testing almost every devices on the market,I discovered the Tachyon Mini-V.""The Mini-V was consistently at least 100 times more EMF protective than any other device.” 
“I and my family now wear the Tachyon Mini-V all the time” 
 As a holistic physician Dr. Cousens is continually working with EMF sensitive people. “I recommend it to all my patients, and especially my diabetes patients whose blood sugar goes up when exposed to EMFs.” I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMFs that is available today."
Gabriel Cousens, M.D.,M.D.(h), D.D. Author of 13 Books on Holistic Health
 USA Patent Proven Tachyonization 





		
		Sort by:
		
Featured Items
Newest Items
Bestselling
Alphabetical: A to Z
Alphabetical: Z to A
Avg. Customer Review
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low

























Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk - The Standard in Cell Phone Radiation Protection. Protects 1 Phone$21.48 $20.48



Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk - The Standard in Cell Phone Radiation Protection. Protects 1 Phone
Numerous studies suggest long term use of harmful EMF emitting devices can cause serious ailments and disease. The hazardous...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk 3-Pack - Save Money, Protect 3 Phones from EMFs$61.48 $57.98



Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk 3-Pack - Save Money, Protect 3 Phones from EMF Radiation
Attach this Tachyonized Tachyon energy product to your cellphone or small electrical device and be fully protected from harmful...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Cell Phone Family Kit - This Kit Will Protect 5 Cell Phones from EMFs$96.48 $90.98



Tachyon Cell Phone Family Kit - Protect 5 Cell Phones from harmful EMFs
 
Attach this Tachyonized Tachyon energy product to your cellphone or small electrical device and be fully protected from harmful...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













 New Products







Tachyon Cell Phone Family Kit - This Kit Will Protect 5 Cell Phones from EMFs
$96.48 $90.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk - The Standard in Cell Phone Radiation Protection. Protects 1 Phone
$21.48 $20.48




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk 3-Pack - Save Money, Protect 3 Phones from EMFs
$61.48 $57.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Current Top Sellers







Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk - The Standard in Cell Phone Radiation Protection. Protects 1 Phone
$21.48 $20.48






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Tachyon Phone Micro-Disk 3-Pack - Save Money, Protect 3 Phones from EMFs
$61.48 $57.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Tachyon Cell Phone Family Kit - This Kit Will Protect 5 Cell Phones from EMFs
$96.48 $90.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart













 





Quick Links


Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe








What's News




Important Post on the Dangers of Cell Phones - by Michelle Morrelli
In today's modern age of scientific breakthroughs we collectively appreciate …








newsletter





Name



Email













Copyright 2017 A Safe EMF Environment. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
                





    All prices are in USD.



 Close 



 Close 


Selected For Comparision



Compare Now














﻿
​                               
                            
                              





















EMF Protection Personal Pendants - tested by Dr. Cousens















































































  Loading... Please wait...





Sign in or Create an account--->
          

888-SAFE-EMF (888-723-3363)


Gift Certificates










Wish Lists



View Cart (0) 






Toggle Top Menu












Search

Search




Main Navigation






Home




Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe










Home
EMF ≈ Personal Protectors





Categories


EMF ≈ Personal Protectors
EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
Tachyon EMF Protection Kits & Packs
EMF Personal Stress Busters
Smart Meter  ≈  EMF Protection Kits
Do Cell Phones Cause Cancer?





 Popular Groups


Personal EMF Protection Cell Phone Protection Disks What Is Tachyon Whole Home Protection Tachyon Cube and Home Kit 10cm Silica Disks
View ALL Groups







EMF ≈ Personal Protectors

EMFs and Biological Systems





It is possible to protect yourself and your loved ones from the EMFs produced in your home and/or workplace. In fact, you can do more than simply protect your family through the use of Tachyonized products like Tachyon Pendants, Life-Capsule Key Chains or Tachyon Silica Disks. Studies demonstrate, and experts confirm, that these tools actually turn hazardous EMFs into beneficial energy for the body. The Tachyonized products are available worldwide and are proven to be the wisest choice for EMF protection.  Read More
March 2017 ArticleCellphone Radiation Isn’t Harmful To Apple’s Health. They’re Protected!  But You’re Not!     Did you know if you activated a mobile device, you have already agreed that:  if you touch your iPhone or Samsung neither company is liable for any health issues that arise form cellphone RF radiation! Read the Article
DR. GABRIEL COUSENS, WORLD ACKNOWLEDGED EXPERT

 May 2016
"I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today.""I and my family now wear the Tachyon Mini-V all the time.  After testing almost every devices on the market, I discovered the Tachyon Mini-V.  The Mini-V was consistently at least 100 times more EMF protective than any other device."  As a holistic physician Dr. Cousens is continually working with EMF sensitive people.  "I recommend it to all my patients, and especially my diabetes patients whose blood sugar goes up when exposed to EMF's.  I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective product against EMFs that is available."
                                                         Gabriel Cousens, M.D.,M.D.(h), D.                                                          Author of Books on Holistic Health 
 USA PATENT PROVEN TACHYONIZATION 
 









		
		Sort by:
		
Featured Items
Newest Items
Bestselling
Alphabetical: A to Z
Alphabetical: Z to A
Avg. Customer Review
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low

























Ultra EMF Vintage Pendant - EMF Personal Protection With an Ultra Disk Inside!$52.98 $49.98



Ultra EMF Vintage Tachyon Pendant - EMF Personal Protection With an Ultra Disk Inside!
The Ultra Vintage EMF Pendant contains an Ultra 24mm Tachyon Disk, which protects you from EMFs and cell phone radiation...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today." $110.00



Dr. Gabriel Cousens, World Acknowledged Expert

May 2016
"I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today."
“After testing almost every...

Choose Options


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Golden Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!$42.48 $39.98




Ultra EMF Orb Tachyon Pendant with Golden Ring - Protects and Also Activates the Immune System!
This Tachyonized pendant is a Tachyon energy product and attractive piece of jewelry that increases vitality and protects...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













EMF Pocket Protector - Life-Capsule™ Key Ring Protects from EMF and Energizes the System$34.98 $27.98



EMF Pocket Protector - Tachyon Life-Capsule™ Key Ring Protects from EMF and Energizes the System
I designed this Tachyon Life-Capsule Key Chain, which is one of the only tools in the world that increases your...

Choose Options


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Blue Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!$42.48 $39.98




Ultra EMF Orb Tachyon Pendant with Blue Ring - Protects and Also Activates the Immune System!
This Tachyonized pendant is a Tachyon energy product and attractive piece of jewelry that increases vitality and protects from...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













 New Products







Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today." 
$110.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Choose Options






EMF Pocket Protector - Life-Capsule™ Key Ring Protects from EMF and Energizes the System
$34.98 $27.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Choose Options






Ultra EMF Vintage Pendant - EMF Personal Protection With an Ultra Disk Inside!
$52.98 $49.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Golden Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!
$42.48 $39.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Blue Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!
$42.48 $39.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Current Top Sellers







Ultra EMF Vintage Pendant - EMF Personal Protection With an Ultra Disk Inside!
$52.98 $49.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today." 
$110.00






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Choose Options






Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Golden Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!
$42.48 $39.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






EMF Pocket Protector - Life-Capsule™ Key Ring Protects from EMF and Energizes the System
$34.98 $27.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Choose Options






Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Blue Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!
$42.48 $39.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart













 





Quick Links


Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe








What's News




Important Post on the Dangers of Cell Phones - by Michelle Morrelli
In today's modern age of scientific breakthroughs we collectively appreciate …








newsletter





Name



Email













Copyright 2017 A Safe EMF Environment. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
                





    All prices are in USD.



 Close 



 Close 


Selected For Comparision



Compare Now














﻿
​                               
                            
                              





















EMF Protection Personal Pendants - tested by Dr. Cousens















































































  Loading... Please wait...





Sign in or Create an account--->
          

888-SAFE-EMF (888-723-3363)


Gift Certificates










Wish Lists



View Cart (0) 






Toggle Top Menu












Search

Search




Main Navigation






Home




Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe










Home
EMF ≈ Personal Protectors





Categories


EMF ≈ Personal Protectors
EMFs ≈ Home and Office
Sacred Space ≈  Creating EMF Free Environments
Cell Phone Protection ≈ EMF Kits Available
Tachyon EMF Protection Kits & Packs
EMF Personal Stress Busters
Smart Meter  ≈  EMF Protection Kits
Do Cell Phones Cause Cancer?





 Popular Groups


Personal EMF Protection Cell Phone Protection Disks What Is Tachyon Whole Home Protection Tachyon Cube and Home Kit 10cm Silica Disks
View ALL Groups







EMF ≈ Personal Protectors

EMFs and Biological Systems





It is possible to protect yourself and your loved ones from the EMFs produced in your home and/or workplace. In fact, you can do more than simply protect your family through the use of Tachyonized products like Tachyon Pendants, Life-Capsule Key Chains or Tachyon Silica Disks. Studies demonstrate, and experts confirm, that these tools actually turn hazardous EMFs into beneficial energy for the body. The Tachyonized products are available worldwide and are proven to be the wisest choice for EMF protection.  Read More
March 2017 ArticleCellphone Radiation Isn’t Harmful To Apple’s Health. They’re Protected!  But You’re Not!     Did you know if you activated a mobile device, you have already agreed that:  if you touch your iPhone or Samsung neither company is liable for any health issues that arise form cellphone RF radiation! Read the Article
DR. GABRIEL COUSENS, WORLD ACKNOWLEDGED EXPERT

 May 2016
"I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today.""I and my family now wear the Tachyon Mini-V all the time.  After testing almost every devices on the market, I discovered the Tachyon Mini-V.  The Mini-V was consistently at least 100 times more EMF protective than any other device."  As a holistic physician Dr. Cousens is continually working with EMF sensitive people.  "I recommend it to all my patients, and especially my diabetes patients whose blood sugar goes up when exposed to EMF's.  I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective product against EMFs that is available."
                                                         Gabriel Cousens, M.D.,M.D.(h), D.                                                          Author of Books on Holistic Health 
 USA PATENT PROVEN TACHYONIZATION 
 









		
		Sort by:
		
Featured Items
Newest Items
Bestselling
Alphabetical: A to Z
Alphabetical: Z to A
Avg. Customer Review
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low

























Ultra EMF Vintage Pendant - EMF Personal Protection With an Ultra Disk Inside!$52.98 $49.98



Ultra EMF Vintage Tachyon Pendant - EMF Personal Protection With an Ultra Disk Inside!
The Ultra Vintage EMF Pendant contains an Ultra 24mm Tachyon Disk, which protects you from EMFs and cell phone radiation...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today." $110.00



Dr. Gabriel Cousens, World Acknowledged Expert

May 2016
"I feel that the new Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today."
“After testing almost every...

Choose Options


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Golden Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!$42.48 $39.98




Ultra EMF Orb Tachyon Pendant with Golden Ring - Protects and Also Activates the Immune System!
This Tachyonized pendant is a Tachyon energy product and attractive piece of jewelry that increases vitality and protects...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













EMF Pocket Protector - Life-Capsule™ Key Ring Protects from EMF and Energizes the System$34.98 $27.98



EMF Pocket Protector - Tachyon Life-Capsule™ Key Ring Protects from EMF and Energizes the System
I designed this Tachyon Life-Capsule Key Chain, which is one of the only tools in the world that increases your...

Choose Options


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Blue Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!$42.48 $39.98




Ultra EMF Orb Tachyon Pendant with Blue Ring - Protects and Also Activates the Immune System!
This Tachyonized pendant is a Tachyon energy product and attractive piece of jewelry that increases vitality and protects from...

Add To Cart


 Compare

Add to Wishlist













 New Products







Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today." 
$110.00




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Choose Options






EMF Pocket Protector - Life-Capsule™ Key Ring Protects from EMF and Energizes the System
$34.98 $27.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Choose Options






Ultra EMF Vintage Pendant - EMF Personal Protection With an Ultra Disk Inside!
$52.98 $49.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Golden Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!
$42.48 $39.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Blue Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!
$42.48 $39.98




Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Current Top Sellers







Ultra EMF Vintage Pendant - EMF Personal Protection With an Ultra Disk Inside!
$52.98 $49.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart







Tachyon Mini-V is the most powerful and most cost effective shield against EMF's that is available today." 
$110.00






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Choose Options






Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Golden Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!
$42.48 $39.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart






EMF Pocket Protector - Life-Capsule™ Key Ring Protects from EMF and Energizes the System
$34.98 $27.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Choose Options






Ultra EMF Orb Pendant with Blue Ring - Also Activates the Immune System!
$42.48 $39.98






Add to Compare
Add to Wishlist

Add To Cart













 





Quick Links


Pages


Home

ABOUT TACHYON

TESTIMONIALS

EMF Videos

EMF Research Articles



Shipping & Returns

Tachyon Europe








What's News




Important Post on the Dangers of Cell Phones - by Michelle Morrelli
In today's modern age of scientific breakthroughs we collectively appreciate …








newsletter





Name



Email













Copyright 2017 A Safe EMF Environment. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
                





    All prices are in USD.



 Close 



 Close 


Selected For Comparision



Compare Now














﻿
​                               
                            
                              















How to Order from Practicon





































Login | Register








 

 • NEW ARRIVALS
• EMAIL DEALS
• DIGITAL CATALOG
• GOVERNMENT SALES


 
 


3-Day Delivery (or faster)
 





0 items

$0.00









































Sterilization & Infection PreventionPersonal Protection & SafetyExam & HygieneTreatment Supply & LabRestorative & SpecialtiesOffice Management & DecorDental Education & MarketingHome Care & PreventiveGifts



SmileGoods Toothbrushes, Paks & FlossPracticonCavex AlginateDentsply Palodent PlusFrasaco Dental Simulation ModelsGC AmericaMDO ModelsPDT Hygiene InstrumentsPentronUnivet Optical TechnologyWhip Mix ArticulatorsXerostom Dry Mouth SolutionsZirc Dental ProductsZooby and DenticatorDrQuickLooksee all Brands...Turbines









Request a Catalog




Get Email Deals


 

Fax/Mail Order Forms




Clearance (up to 80% OFF)




New Arrivals




Internet Exclusive




FREE Resources for your Practice



 


















 Four ways to order: Internet, Phone, Fax, or by Mail


You can order 24 hours a day on our website. 
Our friendly and knowledgeable staff can be reached toll free at 800-959-9505 between 7:30 AM to 8:00 PM Eastern Time, Monday through Friday. For customers outside the US and Canada, please call 252-752-5183. 
Orders placed before 3:00 PM Eastern Time usually ship the same day, with the exception of imprinted products and items on backorder. 
Outside our regular business hours, please leave a message with our automated system.
You can also order by FAX or mail using the following forms:

 U.S. order form
 Canadian order form
Our toll-free FAX number is 800-278-0885. Our worldwide FAX number is 252-752-2439.

 Backorders
If an item is on backorder, you will be notified immediately before checkout to give you the opportunity to select a different item, if desired. 
Backorders, if any, are shipped with no additional shipping charge when they become available.
 Canadian Orders 
For your convenience, the necessary duties, goods and services taxes (GST), brokerage and other fees are calculated when you place your order. A brokerage fee of $8.95 will be added to Canadian shipments. All catalog prices and invoices are quoted in US dollars. GST will not be refunded on returns, but Canadian businesses who are eligible for GST reimbursement can claim this amount through a tax credit with their local government. All duty will, in turn, be refunded to the purchaser directly by Practicon, Inc.
When paying by check, please be sure to write "In US funds" on your check. Payments made by credit card are in US dollars and the exchange rate is determined by the credit card issuer at the time of the charge. 
In case of shipping damage, please notify Practicon within 15 days following delivery.
Payment Information
We accept VISA, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. Your credit card is billed only after your order ships. For your convenience, we also offer Open Account Ordering to dental practices within the US and Canada. We reserve the right to verify credit prior to processing your order. Unless otherwise requested, an invoice will be included with your shipment. Payment is due upon receipt of merchandise. Please include your customer number and invoice number on all checks. If you have any questions about your account, please visit the My Account area on our website or call our Accounts Receivable department at 800-959-9505. You can also email us at ccr@practicon.com.
International Customers
Practicon welcomes business from around the world and will do everything we can to assist you with placing your order.
Outside the US and Canada
All international orders must be prepaid in US currency. We accept US bank drafts, US money orders and all major credit cards. Packages will be shipped via FedEx or UPS and shipping charges are dependent upon the destination, dimensions and weight of the package(s). All expenses will be listed on the invoice enclosed with the order. Please contact Practicon for special assistance and a shipping quote.
 Personalized and Special Orders
Practicon reserves the right to refuse returns on special orders and imprinted items unless there is an error on our part. For greatest accuracy, email or FAX us your personalized orders. 
Schedule Recurring Orders and SAVE
Save yourself the trouble of constantly reordering supplies! Schedule your orders for delivery in increments of weeks or months with our automatic delivery option. You will be billed for each order once it has shipped. Automatic shipments will begin immediately and will continue until you request cancellation. In addition, this service includes a 20% discount on all SmileGoods products. Call to set up your recurring orders and start saving today!
Call 800-959-9505 or email ccr@practicon.com for more information.
 

























GET EXCLUSIVE EMAIL DEALS!
			 Be the first to know about discounts on products & shipping

















READ THE LATEST NEWS IN DENTISTRY FROM OUR FOUNDER
			 Updated weekly!
 












 
CUSTOMER SERVICE
 
 


 
Shipping & Returns
Pay Bills Online



 
Ordering Info & Forms
Policies & Warranty



 
FAQs
Careers
 


 
Contact Us
About Us
 


 
 
 
 








 

EXCLUSIVE PROGRAMS

 


 
Premier Membership
New Product Ideas


 
Wholesale/Dealer Program
Charity


 
Government Sales (ECAT)
Trade Shows


 
Frasaco Dental Simulation Models
Sitemap XML


 
 
 













 Copyright © 2017
 Practicon Inc.
 1112 Sugg Parkway
 Greenville, NC 27834
 USA

Phone: 1-800-959-9505
 Fax: 1-800-278-0885
Contact us via Email


All rights reserved. The original images, graphics, and text herein contain the proprietary information of Practicon, Inc. and cannot be used without written permission.




















Practicon - dental supplies & dentistry equipment | bulk toothbrushes | patient giveaways | face shield | Gloves | Scalers






































Login | Register








 

 • NEW ARRIVALS
• EMAIL DEALS
• DIGITAL CATALOG
• GOVERNMENT SALES


 
 


3-Day Delivery (or faster)
 





0 items

$0.00






































My Account
Register




Login
Register
Forgot Password











Email address:





Please note that you cannot use special characters in your password (@#$%^)



Password:




Password:




Password Reminder:




Phone Number:




 




























GET EXCLUSIVE EMAIL DEALS!
			 Be the first to know about discounts on products & shipping

















READ THE LATEST NEWS IN DENTISTRY FROM OUR FOUNDER
			 Updated weekly!
 












 
CUSTOMER SERVICE
 
 


 
Shipping & Returns
Pay Bills Online



 
Ordering Info & Forms
Policies & Warranty



 
FAQs
Careers
 


 
Contact Us
About Us
 


 
 
 
 








 

EXCLUSIVE PROGRAMS

 


 
Premier Membership
New Product Ideas


 
Wholesale/Dealer Program
Charity


 
Government Sales (ECAT)
Trade Shows


 
Frasaco Dental Simulation Models
Sitemap XML


 
 
 













 Copyright © 2017
 Practicon Inc.
 1112 Sugg Parkway
 Greenville, NC 27834
 USA

Phone: 1-800-959-9505
 Fax: 1-800-278-0885
Contact us via Email


All rights reserved. The original images, graphics, and text herein contain the proprietary information of Practicon, Inc. and cannot be used without written permission.




















Careers and Jobs at Practicon, Greenville, NC 27834





































Login | Register








 

 • NEW ARRIVALS
• EMAIL DEALS
• DIGITAL CATALOG
• GOVERNMENT SALES


 
 


3-Day Delivery (or faster)
 





0 items

$0.00









































Sterilization & Infection PreventionPersonal Protection & SafetyExam & HygieneTreatment Supply & LabRestorative & SpecialtiesOffice Management & DecorDental Education & MarketingHome Care & PreventiveGifts



SmileGoods Toothbrushes, Paks & FlossPracticonCavex AlginateDentsply Palodent PlusFrasaco Dental Simulation ModelsGC AmericaMDO ModelsPDT Hygiene InstrumentsPentronUnivet Optical TechnologyWhip Mix ArticulatorsXerostom Dry Mouth SolutionsZirc Dental ProductsZooby and DenticatorDrQuickLooksee all Brands...Turbines









Request a Catalog




Get Email Deals


 

Fax/Mail Order Forms




Clearance (up to 80% OFF)




New Arrivals




Internet Exclusive




FREE Resources for your Practice



 


















 
Careers at Practicon
 
 


 
Practicon, Inc. was first established in Geenville, North Carolina in 1982 to fulfill its founders’ vision of “Making Dentistry Better” through patient education. Since that time, Practicon has grown to become a leading provider of dental supplies by partnering with dental professionals to bring “practical innovations” to dentistry that advance patient care, increase productivity and profitability, and heighten professional enjoyment. Practicon’s current product line ranges from hard-to-find problem solvers to cost-effective everyday supplies.
 
 At Practicon, we are a unique group of hardworking people who enjoy what we do and take pride in doing it. We hire only the most qualified individuals who can work together to continually improve products and services. Each area in our company plays an essential role in delivering the highest level of customer service.
We have grown by retaining this core vision while expanding the ways in which it is fulfilled. Today we offer an ever growing catalog and website, and various marketing activities such as institutional and government sales, international and domestic dealer wholesales, and in-house product development.

 We are a multi-generational business, determined to continue a tradition of quality service to customers and to each other for years and years to come.
 Working for Practicon means that you would be a vital part of making this vision become reality. 
Practicon continually hires for various positions so feel free to  send your resume to Human Resources or fill out our online application form.
 


 


 



 
Outbound Telephone Sales Representative 


 
 The Outbound Telephone Sales Representative SERVES Practicon customers and work to make dentistry better by making monthly contacts to our core customers.

We’re looking for someone who: 
Serves others – by looking for ways to help people and build trust.

Speaks passionately – has a pleasant and clear phone voice and the ability to convey information with passion and persuasion.
 Actively listens – giving full attention to what our customers are saying and responding appropriately.
Works efficiently – has a persistent and patient approach to placing calls and multitasking.
 Has lots of energy – by maintaining a level of intensity throughout the day. You don’t let rejection, long hours, or repetition drain you.
What you’ll do all day: 
Make calls – each representative manages a list of contacts and makes monthly sales calls that describe membership benefits, member specials, and assist with customer needs.

Keep good records – maintain customer information and review buying habits in order to provide quality sales and service calls.
 Build trusting relationships – through monthly conversation with key contacts.
Generate Sales – understand the customer’s needs and recommend products that meet their requirements and enable them to better serve their clients.
You’ll be measured on how well you: 
Make contacts – we expect our representatives to contact each customer on their list monthly. 

Generate sales – we measure average order size, member retention, and sales volume per representative.

A few reasons you might love it: 
You love connecting with people!

You’ll be treated like family
 You like making a difference.
Your success will be recognized and appreciated.
 You’ll grow and learn a ton.
And a few reasons this job might not be for you: 
You don’t enjoy talking on the phone!

You like to wander around…and can’t stay in your seat.
You are sensitive. The truth is, sometimes people might be less than cordial. Dealing with that is just part of the job.

 Email resume to: abaucom@practicon.com


 
 



 






















GET EXCLUSIVE EMAIL DEALS!
			 Be the first to know about discounts on products & shipping

















READ THE LATEST NEWS IN DENTISTRY FROM OUR FOUNDER
			 Updated weekly!
 












 
CUSTOMER SERVICE
 
 


 
Shipping & Returns
Pay Bills Online



 
Ordering Info & Forms
Policies & Warranty



 
FAQs
Careers
 


 
Contact Us
About Us
 


 
 
 
 








 

EXCLUSIVE PROGRAMS

 


 
Premier Membership
New Product Ideas


 
Wholesale/Dealer Program
Charity


 
Government Sales (ECAT)
Trade Shows


 
Frasaco Dental Simulation Models
Sitemap XML


 
 
 













 Copyright © 2017
 Practicon Inc.
 1112 Sugg Parkway
 Greenville, NC 27834
 USA

Phone: 1-800-959-9505
 Fax: 1-800-278-0885
Contact us via Email


All rights reserved. The original images, graphics, and text herein contain the proprietary information of Practicon, Inc. and cannot be used without written permission.



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































