




Praesidium Investment Management








































 























Toggle navigation























Building a Competitive Advantage at Each Stage of the Investment Process









Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC is a value-oriented investment management firm based in New York City. The firm was founded in 2003 and manages capital on behalf of some of the world’s most respected university endowments, foundations and wealthy family offices who share a long-term orientation to investing in public equity markets.
Praesidium Strategic Opportunities Strategy











×
Contact Us



Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC 
1411 Broadway, 29th Floor
New York, NY 10018
PHONE: 212-821-1490
info@praesidiumım.com

For further information on Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC please contact:
Matina Golias, Associate, Client Service & Business Development
PHONE: 212-821-1481
mgolias@praesidiumım.com





Contact Us







Name
        *


First


Last
        *


Last


Email
        *




Website
        




Subject
        *




Message
        *




Captcha
        



























































 



 Praesidium Letter to TIBCO Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Praesidium Letter to TIBCO Board of Directors

Aug 12, 2014, 16:46 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Aug. 12, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC ("Praesidium" or "we") on behalf of its clients, beneficially owns approximately 5.4 million shares of TIBCO Software Inc. ("TIBCO" or the "Company"), and today sent the following letter to TIBCO's Board of Directors.  Praesidium has a long-term, multi-year investment horizon and frequently interacts with management teams and boards of directors to propose constructive strategic ideas.  
August 12, 2014
Board of Directors TIBCO Software Inc.3307 Hillview Avenue Palo Alto, CA 94304
Dear Members of the Board of Directors:
Thank you for your recent letter to Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC ("Praesidium") stating that the Board of Directors (the "Board") will meet with us.  As constructive, long-term shareholders we look forward to further providing our views and analysis to our Board representatives.
We were happy to read in the Wall Street Journal that TIBCO Software Inc. ("TIBCO" or the "Company") has started to reach out to potential acquirers.  We support the Company's exploration of a potential sale as a way to maximize shareholder value.   However, the article states that the talks are not part of a formal process and are being spearheaded by TIBCO's CEO, Vivek Ranadive.  We strongly believe that a rigorous, formal process is required in order for the Board to make a fully informed decision in good faith regarding whether a sale, a stand-alone strategy or another alternative is in the best interests of the Company's shareholders.  In order to avoid conflicts of interest, we think that it is imperative that the Board form a special committee of independent directors and that the special committee engage with an investment bank and legal advisors.  A rigorous, independent sale process is the only way to provide directors with sufficient, unbiased information to make a decision on a possible sale transaction.  
In 2011 Reuters reported that talks broke down with a potential strategic acquirer of TIBCO and Bloomberg later reported that "Chief Executive Officer Vivek Ranadive held out for a higher bid, telling the Board he could get the stock to the proposed price range without a takeover."   We do not know the details of those discussions; however, we believe the special committee should include at least two members who were not on the Board when TIBCO apparently rejected those overtures.  We believe David West, as the longest tenured Board member not included in those 2011 discussions, should head this special committee. 
Praesidium has done an extensive analysis of TIBCO and its products and our work shows the Company has an excellent product set in some of the highest growth areas of software.  Given the strategic importance of the rapidly growing data discovery market and Spotfire's leading technology in this area, combined with the high-quality technology portfolio that TIBCO possesses in the growing application infrastructure middleware marketplace, we believe that there would be a number of potential strategic acquirers for the Company, in both the software and hardware spaces.  Further, we believe a strategic acquirer could pay a sizable premium to the current public market valuation and, after synergies, earn very high after-tax cash-on-cash returns on an acquisition. 
We believe the Board has an opportunity to create a significant amount of value for shareholders through a formal and well run sales process.  Praesidium, as a large, long-term TIBCO shareholder, would be more than willing to assist the special committee in pursuit of maximizing value for TIBCO shareholders.  We intend to provide the Board our analysis and views on who we see as the potential strategic acquirers and how TIBCO's products would fit with each.  
Best Regards,



Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC






/s/ Kevin Oram 


/s/ Peter Uddo






Kevin Oram


Peter Uddo



Managing Director


 Managing Director

 
 
 SOURCE  Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  












Jun 11, 2014, 16:01 ET
Preview: Praesidium Issues Letter to TIBCO's Board of Directors






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC                                                                            - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC
                                    



 





















P 


Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1411 BROADWAY RM 2920 NEW YORK, NY 10018
Get Directions



(212) 821-1481
www.praesidiumim.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 2003
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,637,491.00
 Employee Count 15
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts Kevin Oram                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Praesidium Investment Management Company, Llc                                                                            is located at 1411 Broadway Rm 2920 in New York and has been in the business of Investors, Nec since 2003. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	PRAESIDIUM Trademark of Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC. Serial Number: 78279451 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
PRAESIDIUM










 
Get FREE email alerts













PRAESIDIUM  Trademark Information
 Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC
Financial services, namely, investment management




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         investment   management    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PRAESIDIUM trademark by Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10018.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PRAESIDIUM trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC of the PRAESIDIUM trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PRAESIDIUM trademark.
                           






On Monday, July 28, 2003,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PRAESIDIUM by 
                        Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC, New York, NY  10018.
                        The USPTO has given the PRAESIDIUM 
                        trademark serial  number of  78279451.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for PRAESIDIUM is 
                        
                        
                                            Jessica Colombo of 
                                            MORRISON COHEN LLP,  27TH FLOOR, 909 THIRD AVENUE NEW YORK NY 10022
                                .
                            The PRAESIDIUM trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PRAESIDIUM 
                            is Financial services, namely, investment management. 
                            





Word mark:
 PRAESIDIUM


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

12/11/2015



  Serial Number:  
78279451


  Filing Date:  
7/28/2003


 Registration Number:  
3012017 


 Registration Date:  
11/1/2005


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, investment management


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/9/2004


Last Applicant/Owner:

Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLCNew York, NY  10018
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Jessica Colombo
MORRISON COHEN LLP
27TH FLOOR
909 THIRD AVENUE
NEW YORK NY 10022





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
7/23/2003


First Use In Commerce: 
2/1/2004





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PRAESIDIUM trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/11/2015
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Jessica Colombo


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PRAESIDIUM trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search praesidium on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PRAESIDIUM 




PRAESIDIUM is providing Financial services, namely, investment management.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























The Praesidium Team | Praesidium Investment Management








































 




























Toggle navigation
















Creating a Culture of Excellence









Experienced Team
Praesidium’s Founders, Kevin Oram and Peter Uddo, have a combined 40+ years of investment management experience at some of the industry’s most highly respected money management firms, including Sanford C. Bernstein, Viking Global Investors, and JPMorgan Investment Management. Core members of the Praesidium investment team have worked together as a cohesive unit for close to a decade, and collectively, the Praesidium team has many decades of combined experience. Praesidium’s operations team operates at a very high level of industry standards, and in 2012 was ranked #1 out of approximately 240 US investment managers by a global custodian’s internal study on timeliness, efficiency, accuracy and reporting.







Founders


Peter Uddo





Kevin Oram





Research


Andrew Dantzig





Michael Ware





Imran Halani





Gregory Sih





Finance/Operations


John Scott





Jessica Minio





Steven Smerina





Alexandra King





Client Service/Business Development


Jeffrey Pietragallo





Matina Golias













×
Jeffrey Pietragallo
Director of Client Service & Business Development



Joined Praesidium in 2017 as Director of Client Service and Business Development.  Prior to joining Praesidium,  Mr. Pietragallo worked at AllianceBernstein LP from 2002 until 2017, most recently as a managing director in the firm’s institutional client group.  He was responsible for client service and business development for several of the firms institutional clients, including large market defined benefit plans, endowments & foundations and sub-advisory firms.  Mr. Pietragallo received an MBA from New York University in 2008 and an undergraduate degree from Pennsylvania State University in 2001.









×
Peter Uddo
Managing Partner



Prior to co-founding Praesidium, Mr. Uddo worked at Viking Global Investors from Viking’s inception in 1999 until 2003. He was a Portfolio Manager as well as an Analyst responsible for telecom services, newspapers, and selected cyclicals. Prior to Viking Global, he worked at JPMorgan Investment Management (JPMIM) from 1994 until 1999. While at JPMIM, he covered the paper/forest products, packaging, building products, and metals/mining sectors. He was responsible for heading up the global teams for these industries, managing the commodities portion of JPMIM’s Analyst Fund, and developing the firm’s forecast for selected commodities. Mr. Uddo graduated with honors from Columbia Business School in 1994 with an MBA in Finance and he received his undergraduate degree from Johns Hopkins University in 1991 as a Phi Beta Kappa.









×
Kevin Oram
Managing Partner



Prior to co-founding Praesidium, Mr. Oram worked at Sanford C. Bernstein from 1991 until 2003 most recently as a Partner, Senior Vice-President, and sector head of global technology equity investments. Prior to covering technology he was a Senior Analyst in the start-up of the firm’s Advanced Value hedge fund where he was responsible for the paper, hotels, gaming, restaurants and food industries.  Before joining the Advanced Value group he covered global paper/forest products and chemicals. Mr. Oram graduated magna cum laude from North Adams State College with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in finance/economics where he was an Alpha Chi National Honor Society member. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst.









×
John Scott
COO/CFO



Joined Praesidium at its inception and is responsible for the operations, accounting, tax and reporting, compliance, and financial activities for Praesidium. Mr. Scott worked at Goldstein Golub Kessler LLP from 1996 until 2004, most recently as a senior manager in the financial services group. Mr. Scott was responsible for supervising the audits and tax matters for a wide variety of financial service clients with a heavy concentration in hedge funds. Between 1992 and 1996, he worked at David Berdon & Company as a Senior Auditor and at Bederson and Company as a Staff Accountant. Mr. Scott received his B.B.A. in Accounting from St. Bonaventure University in 1990. He is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive).









×
Andrew Dantzig
Director of Research



Joined Praesidium in 2005 as a Research Analyst and became a Senior Research Analyst in 2008. Prior to joining Praesidium, Mr. Dantzig was an Investment Analyst at Stadium Capital Management from 2002 to 2005, where he was a generalist involved in all stages of the investment process in both the firm’s concentrated long-only fund and its long/short relative value fund. Mr. Dantzig graduated from the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia in 2002 with a B.S. in Commerce.









×
Michael Ware
Senior Research Analyst



Joined Praesidium in 2007 as a Research Analyst. Mr. Ware worked at Citigroup Global Markets from 2002 until 2007. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Ware worked as a Portfolio Manager and Analyst in the firm’s Proprietary Equity Investments division, where he was responsible for managing a long-short equity portfolio, focused on industrial and cyclical companies. In this role, Mr. Ware was responsible for all idea generation, fundamental analysis, investment and trading decisions within the portfolio. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Ware worked in institutional equity sales where he provided syndicate coverage and developed proprietary investment ideas for several New York based hedge fund and mutual fund clients. Mr. Ware graduated from Columbia Business School in 2002 with an MBA in Finance and he received his undergraduate degree from Queen’s University, in Kingston, Ontario, Canada, in 1997. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst.









×
Imran Halani
Research Analyst



Joined Praesidium in 2016 as a Research Analyst. From 2010 to 2014 Mr. Halani was an Investment Analyst at Napier Park Global Capital. At Napier Park, he was involved in all stages of the investment process. He sourced investment ideas and conducted proprietary due diligence to find long and short investments across industries and geographies. Mr. Halani worked as an analyst from 2007 until 2010 in Citigroup’s Technology Investment Banking and Equity Capital Markets groups. Mr. Halani graduated from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 2016 with an MBA in Strategic Management and graduated from Emory University in 2007 with a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance.









×
Gregory Sih
Research Analyst



Joined Praesidium in 2016 as a Research Analyst. Mr. Sih worked at Cisco Systems from 2013 until 2014 as a Corporate Development Associate, where he was responsible for due diligence and execution of corporate M&A and venture investing.  From 2011 to 2013, he worked as an Associate at W Capital Partners, where he analyzed and executed growth equity investments. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Sih worked at Credit Suisse Strategic Partners as an Analyst, where he was responsible for analyzing secondary private equity investments. Mr. Sih graduated from The Wharton Business School in 2016 with an MBA in Management.  In 2009, he graduated summa cum laude from the Jerome Fisher Management and Technology Program at the University of Pennsylvania receiving a B.S. from The Wharton School concentrating in Finance and a B.S. from the School of Engineering and Applied Science majoring in Mechanical Engineering. Mr. Sih is a Chartered Financial Analyst.









×
Jessica Minio
Controller



Joined Praesidium in 2006 and is currently a Controller. Mrs. Minio carries out responsibilities across operations, accounting, reporting, trade settlement, and compliance. She monitors/reconciles the shares, cost, dividends and cash flows for the managed accounts and funds to each respective custodian and also handles the DR testing, audit requests, investor questionnaires and filings. Mrs. Minio began her career at Praesidium as an Associate, where she was involved in the firm’s operational and managerial functions for the office. Mrs. Minio received her master’s degree from Hofstra University in 2006, graduating honors with distinction, and received her undergraduate degree from Siena College in 2003.









×
Steven Smerina
Assistant Controller



Joined Praesidium in November of 2016 as an Assistant Controller. Mr. Smerina has responsibilities across accounting, reporting, and compliance. He worked at Grant Thornton LLP from 2010 until his start date at Praesidium, most recently as a Manager. He conducted audits for a variety of hedge and private equity fund clients. Mr. Smerina received his B.B.A. in accounting from Pace University in 2010. He is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of New York and a member of the AICPA and NYSSCPA.









×
Matina Golias
Associate, Client Service & Business Development



Joined Praesidium in 2011 and is currently an Associate of Client Services and Business Development. Ms. Golias maintains the firm’s client relationships and continues to enhance Praesidium’s client services. She began her career at Praesidium as an Administrative Assistant and Office Manager. She received her B.B.A from The George Washington University in 2009.  Ms. Golias is also Chair of Society Ties, The Young Professionals Committee of The Leukemia and Lymphoma Society.









×
Alexandra King
Administrative Assistant



Joined Praesidium in 2016 as an Administrative Assistant. Ms. King provides administrative support to the Praesidium team and is responsible for the day to day office management. Prior to joining Praesidium, she served as an Executive Assistant and Office Manager at Monarch Business and Wealth Management. Ms. King studied at Western Michigan University and Kalamazoo Community College.









×
Contact Us



Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC 
1411 Broadway, 29th Floor
New York, NY 10018
PHONE: 212-821-1490
info@praesidiumım.com

For further information on Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC please contact:
Matina Golias, Associate, Client Service & Business Development
PHONE: 212-821-1481
mgolias@praesidiumım.com





Contact Us







Name
        *


First


Last
        *


Last


Email
        *




Website
        




Subject
        *




Message
        *




Captcha
        



















































 




Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC | Wealthminder











































Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC


Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC
(CRD# 137980) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
New York, NY.
They
manage $1,244,250,350 in 31 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC




1411 Broadway, 29th Floor,
New York,
NY
10018
212-821-1490
http://www.praesidiumim.com




http://www.praesidiumim.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

1,244
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

31
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$40,137,108







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




DE, NY






Financial Advisors at Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 24, 2017 5:20 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to pooled investment vehicles, high net worth individuals, and endowments. It manages client focused equity portfolios. The firm also launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The firm employs bottoms-up research with fundamental analysis to make its investments. It uses external research to complement its in house research. Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC was founded in 2003, and is based in New York City.


1411 Broadway29th FloorNew York, NY 10018United StatesFounded in 2003



Phone: 212-821-1490

Fax: 212-821-1494

www.praesidiumim.com







Key Executives for Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC




Mr. Kevin Sean Oram


      	Managing Member, Managing Director, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Peter Joseph Uddo


      	Managing Member, Managing Director, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. John Roger Scott


      	Chief Fianacial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC, please visit www.praesidiumim.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Praesidium Investment Management








































 























Toggle navigation























Building a Competitive Advantage at Each Stage of the Investment Process









Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC is a value-oriented investment management firm based in New York City. The firm was founded in 2003 and manages capital on behalf of some of the world’s most respected university endowments, foundations and wealthy family offices who share a long-term orientation to investing in public equity markets.
Praesidium Strategic Opportunities Strategy











×
Contact Us



Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC 
1411 Broadway, 29th Floor
New York, NY 10018
PHONE: 212-821-1490
info@praesidiumım.com

For further information on Praesidium Investment Management Company, LLC please contact:
Matina Golias, Associate, Client Service & Business Development
PHONE: 212-821-1481
mgolias@praesidiumım.com





Contact Us







Name
        *


First


Last
        *


Last


Email
        *




Website
        




Subject
        *




Message
        *




Captcha
        






































 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


