


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Morgan & Morgan - A Nationwide Personal Injury Practice












































For the people, not the powerful
When you get hurt, we're on your side. We battle bullies and insurance companies in court, so that you can focus on getting better. Plus, you pay nothing unless we get you compensation.
free case evaluation
call us 24/7 
Or request a Free Consultation






Personal Injury Lawyers For The People
Morgan & Morgan is a leading personal injury law firm dedicated to protecting the people, not the powerful.We take pride in the fact that we do not represent insurance companies, hospitals or other large corporations. We have limited our law practice to the representation of the people, covering a wide range of personal injury and consumer protection cases.
Learn more about us






We can help
With decades of experience, more than 350 lawyers, and a support staff of nearly 2,000 employees, our firm has helped more than 100,000 clients nationwide. In their efforts to protect the people, not the powerful, our attorneys have established themselves among defense attorneys and insurance providers alike as leading trial lawyers.






car accidents


slip & fall


work injuries


dangerous drugs


business litigation


medical malpractice




view all our practice areas






We fight for our clients.
We have obtained ground-breaking verdicts in areas such as tobacco litigation and single-day recoveries totaling more than $92 million; however, our success is not measured only by our results.
                    Our success has garnered news coverage from prominent news outlets, as well as recognition from renowned legal publications. Our attorneys have been designated as “Super Lawyers” and received the esteemed AV Rating, which indicates the highest level of professional excellence.




FEATURED ON





AWARDS & ORGANIZATIONS







verdicts and settlements






No fee unless we win
We believe everyone should have access to quality legal representation. That's why we work on a contingency-fee basis, which means you only pay us if and when we win your case. Our fee is a percentage of the verdict or settlement we obtain for you.
get your free case evaluation now









What our clients say
At Morgan & Morgan, our attorneys are proud of the positive feedback we’ve received over the years regarding the quality of our work and commitment to our clients’ needs. If you are looking for an attorney, hear what our former clients have to say.














see more testimonials







Stay Informed




firm news



Morgan & Morgan Attorneys Featured on 2017 Florida Legal Elite List
We are overjoyed to announce that four of our attorneys were featured in the 2017 Florida Legal Elite list! For the past 14 years, Florida...
Jess Fregni
Firm News 
Jul 21, 2017




Morgan & Morgan Wins $87,500 for Woman Receiving Invasive Auto-Dialed Calls
We are proud to announce that following a two-day arbitration, attorney Jared Lee took a case with a $2,500 pre-trial settlement offer in a Telephone...
Richard Bierig
Firm News 
Jul 17, 2017




Morgan & Morgan Wins 4 Major Verdicts in 1 Day, Turning Low Pre-Trial Offers into Much Bigger Jury Awards
Morgan & Morgan is proud to announce our successful recovery of four major verdicts in a single day on Wednesday. In each trial, the attorneys...
Jess Fregni
Firm News 
Jul 14, 2017





alerts



Crop Damaging Dicamba Banned in Arkansas and Missouri
After receiving complaints of crop damage from hundreds of farmers, Arkansas and Missouri have decided to temporarily ban the use of the powerful herbicide dicamba....
Richard Bierig
Consumer Alerts 
Jul 10, 2017




Robocallers May Soon Be Allowed to Spam Your Voicemail
As if your bloated email inbox wasn’t enough, your smartphone’s voicemail may be the latest thing under threat of spam. The Republican National Committee is...
Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts 
May 26, 2017




1M Patients’ Records Exposed in Major Data Breach
The information leaked in a data breach can vary in severity, ranging from your email address or phone number to your social security number and...
Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts 
Apr 26, 2017







see more articles






Serving Clients Nationwide

                    Morgan & Morgan serves clients Nationwide with 40 offices in 11 states including Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Arkansas, Massachusetts, New York & Pennsylvania.
                




see our locations








×
Get A Free Case Evaluation















1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation




































Car Accident Lawyers at Morgan & Morgan








































practice areas
Car Accident Lawyers



Car Accident Lawyers







At Morgan & Morgan, our attorneys understand the difficulties that can arise after a car accident. We have witnessed the injuries and damage that can result from a crash and understand the struggle some victims may face in trying to recover compensation for their losses.
Our car accident attorneys have handled automobile accident cases in several states and if you’ve suffered any degree of injury, we may be able to help you.
If you’ve been in a car accident and are unsure of your next step, please fill out our free case review form. Our firm will review your claim for free and determine if our lawyers may be able to help you with your personal injury claim.
How Can a Car Accident Attorney Help Me?
Driving is getting more dangerous. In fact, 35,092 people died in crashes on U.S. roadways in 2015 according to the National Highway Safety Administration.
So having an experienced attorney represent you after your car accident is becoming more important than ever before.
There are specific rules and regulations that can complicate insurance claims and the recovery of additional damages, such as for pain and suffering, in cases of severe injury or death. An attorney can help ensure you receive full benefits from the insurance company and determine whether you can file a claim for additional damages against the party at fault in the event of a car accident.
If you have suffered any degree of injury, we may be able to help you file a lawsuit to claim compensation beyond what is provided by insurance claims.
Once you’ve exhausted your personal injury protection (PIP) benefits and decide you want to take legal action against the driver at fault for the crash, our attorneys can begin preparing your claim by:

Collecting police and accident scene reports
Questioning witnesses
Reconstructing the accident scene
Taking photographs of the scene, damage, and injuries
Analyzing medical reports
Contacting expert witnesses to review evidence
Speaking with the insurance providers on your behalf

The insurance company or negligent party from which you are attempting to collect compensation will work to categorize your injury as temporary, rather than permanent. Your attorney can collect and organize evidence on your behalf to rebut the defendant’s claims.
Car Accident Injuries and Compensation
Because each accident is different, the extent of injuries suffered will vary between cases. In many cases, the costs for treatment of the injuries sustained will not be covered by PIP insurance and will require additional litigation or negotiations.
Some injuries that we may attempt to collect compensation for include, but are not limited to:

Paralysis
Burns and scars
Loss of limbs
Spinal cord injuries
Head injuries
Joint, muscle, back, neck, and bone injuries
Knee damage
Whiplash
Permanent disability
Wrongful death

If you have suffered any degree of injury, contact us by filling out our free, no-obligation case review form.
Economic auto accident damages, also known as compensatory damages, attempt to compensate the injured car crash victim for his or her monetary losses. Common economic damages awarded in car accident lawsuits include:


Medical Expenses: This could include expenses for emergency room
visits, hospitalization, emergency surgery, any assistive devices and
future appointments with a medical professional.


Future Medical
Expenses: If the car accident victim can prove that they will need
continued medical care as a result of the crash, they may be able to
recover the cost of future medical expenses.


Lost Wages: Car
accident victims who have been injured can seek compensation for lost
wages from the time of injury to the conclusion of the lawsuit. Even if
the victim was unemployed, he or she could receive compensation for lost
wages if the attorney can prove that the accident limited his or her
earning potential.


Loss of Earning Capacity: If you sustained
injuries that prevent you from working, you may be able to receive
compensation by proving that your earning capacity was negatively
impacted by the incident. In this case, the jury will
typically determine the amount the victim could have earned if the car accident had not occurred.


Non-economic car accident damages award the plaintiff for non-financial losses. Car accident damages for non-monetary losses are typically harder to quantify and may include compensation for the following:


Pain and Suffering: This includes compensation for the pain and
suffering you faced after the accident. In awarding damages for pain and
suffering, the jury will examine the extent of your injuries, including
how long you are expected to suffer, the nature of the injury, and what
financial burdens the incident places on you and your family.


Mental
Anguish: You may also be able to attain compensation for the emotional
pain you faced after the incident. Mental anguish, for example, can
include feelings of fright, nervousness, worry, grief, and any other
type of emotional trauma a victim can face after a devastating accident.


Loss of Consortium: The surviving spouse may be awarded compensation for the loss of services, assistance, aid, society, and companionship of his or her loved one in the case of a wrongful death caused by a car accident. Surviving parents may be awarded compensation for the loss of love, affection and companionship of their minor children as a result of their wrongful death. Likewise, minor children may be awarded compensation for the loss of services, assistance, aid, society and companionship of their parents as a result of their wrongful death.


Punitive Damages: If the
actions of the defendant were so malicious or egregious, the jury may
impose punitive damages, which are intended to punish the defendant and
discourage similar behavior in the future.


Seeking Additional Damages
The strength and success of your claim will likely hinge on the ability of your attorney to collect, analyze, and present evidence.
If you are seeking additional damages, your attorney will approach the negligent party’s insurance company in an attempt to recover compensation to cover your remaining costs. Your claim will be submitted for approval to the insurance company, which will have conducted an investigation of its own.
The strength and success of your claim will likely hinge on the ability of your attorney to collect, analyze, and present evidence. This is no easy task though because the opposing insurance company will want to minimize their payout. 
Providing your attorney with as much information as possible can help strengthen your claim. If your attorney and the insurance company cannot agree on a settlement, the case may proceed to trial.
Uninsured and Underinsured Motorist Accidents
After exhausting PIP coverage, if the other driver has no other insurance or an amount of coverage that is insufficient to cover the costs related to your injury, your uninsured or underinsured motorist coverage may cover the damage caused by the negligent party.
If the negligent party was underinsured, your insurance will cover the difference between your losses and the amount you received from the other party’s insurance company. If you do not have this coverage, you should contact an attorney to obtain compensation for injuries resulting from the accident.
An attorney may be able to seek damages from the negligent party’s homeowners’ insurance, your own insurance carrier or your health insurance provider. Attempting to collect compensation through your uninsured motorist coverage can be complicated and will likely require the assistance of an experienced attorney.
Your insurance company may try to limit your payout, based on their own investigation of the accident and how much they believe your claim is worth. If you receive an amount that you believe does not properly cover your losses, your attorney may be able to file a lawsuit against your insurance company in an attempt to recover additional compensation.
Types of Car Accident Claims
“No-fault” insurance law attempts to limit the number of lawsuits filed over minor car accidents. Civil suits to recover additional compensation for personal injury damages are only permitted under certain circumstances, such as:
Negligence
Most car accidents rely on the concept of negligence, or the
party’s failure to exercise a certain level of caution while operating a
vehicle or using common roads. Negligence is one of the most common factors in accidents that harm other motorists, pedestrians, or bicyclists.
To prove negligence, your attorney 
will conduct a preliminary investigation to identify who was responsible for the accident.
To have the best chances of receiving compensation, the attorney must
prove that the defendant failed to meet a reasonable standard of care
and that his or her negligence caused the accident. Some examples of
defendants are negligent drivers, reckless drivers, intoxicated drivers, and bus drivers.
Manufacturer Liability
If your vehicle, or the other party’s vehicle, had a defect contributed
to the accident, the injured party may have a claim against the
manufacturer of the vehicle or one of its parts. If the car had a faulty
design, or a manufacturing and labeling issue, the manufacturer can be
held responsible regardless of who was actually at fault for the
accident.
To prevail, your attorney must prove that you were not at fault for the
accident as the defect that caused the accident occurred during the
manufacturing process. Oftentimes expert testimony and analysis is used
as evidence to prove that the defect contributed in some way to the
accident. Successful lawsuits will require the plaintiff to show:

The defective car or part was “unreasonably dangerous”
The vehicle was being operated as intended
The vehicle’s performance had not changed since its initial purchase

Claims are usually filed against manufacturers in the case of defective parts such as seat belts, airbags, accelerators, brakes, and engines.
Road Design
In some cases, faulty construction, design, or maintenance of roads can contribute to accidents. Some common causes include:


Embankments: When a road curves, the outer edge is set
at an incline as a safety precaution. These raised areas serve the
purpose of managing traffic so that vehicles can approach the outer edge
of the road without driving off it. If the embankment is too steep or
not elevated properly, motorists may be in danger.


Barriers and
Guard Rails: Barriers, guard rails, speed bumps, medians, and
curbs help to influence safe driving. If any of these structures are
poorly designed or placed, driver safety may be compromised.


Surfaces: Various alterations in road surface alert drivers of
approaching hazards or that they are leaving their lane unexpectedly.


Signage: Signs give drivers prior notice of approaching
intersections, sharp turns, animal crossings, etc. They should be
positioned in obvious locations and brightly illuminated for maximum
visibility.


Traffic Control: Traffic lights, stop and
yield signs, lights to warn drivers of intersections and crosswalks, and
other devices are utilized to dictate traffic flow. Proper placement and
operation of these devices are imperative.


Wrongful Death
If you have lost a loved one in a car crash, you may have legal recourse through a wrongful death lawsuit. In these cases, the family or survivors of the victim must prove that their loved one was killed as a result of another’s negligence. Economic, non-economic, and punitive damages may be available.
Types of Accident Cases Our Attorneys Handle
Morgan & Morgan handles a variety of personal injury cases resulting from car accidents, including those stemming from:

Drunk driving or driving under the influence
Reckless driving
Negligence
Rear-end collisions
Side-impact collisions
Sideswipe collisions
Rollovers
Head-on collisions
Multiple party accidents
Distracted driving

If you have been in an automobile accident, you should contact a car accident attorney as soon as you can. 
There is a limited window in which you can file a claim with an attorney. Our attorneys are experienced in a variety of practice areas, including workers’ compensation, medical malpractice, motorcycle accidents and more.
Contact us by filling out our free, no-obligation case review form.





            free case evaluation
        


                Fill out this form for a FREE, immediate, Case Evaluation
            










Everything you need to know about
            
motor vehicle accidents


SEE OUR FAQs



Related Practice Areas

Bicycle AccidentsBus AccidentsDistracted Driving


See More Related Articles









Related Articles


Morgan & Morgan Attorneys Featured on 2017 Florida Legal Elite List
We are overjoyed to announce that four of our attorneys were featured in the 2017 Florida Legal Elite list! For the past 14 years, Florida Legal Elite has published an...

Jess Fregni
Firm News
Jul 21, 2017



Texas Marina Fire Destroys At Least 20 Boats, Injures Worker
A massive fire engulfed a marina in Lake Texoma, TX Wednesday, injuring a contract worker and burning nearly two dozen boats. The fire spread from boat to boat until flames...

Matthew Sandler
Morgan Monitor
Jul 20, 2017



Jeff Sessions' New Directive Expands Civil Asset Forfeiture, Increasing Police Property Seizures
The Department of Justice yesterday issued a Policy Directive paving the way for an increase in the use of a controversial process called “adoptive forfeitures” whereby state and local law...

Richard Bierig
Legal News
Jul 20, 2017




See More Results










1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation



































Free Legal Case Evaluation - Morgan & Morgan










































Call us 24 hours / 7 days a week
877.667.4265
Se habla español



Get A Free Case Evaluation































Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Bobbie Wyzard

            From the first day I talked to Jay about my case until the day my case was settled, he made me feel like he truly cared about me as a person, not just a client. I highly recommend Morgan & Morgan to anyone in need. And, I will never be able to thank them enough for what they did for me!

        




Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Lisa K.

            Mary Anne Laforme was a true blessing. We were in an accident and she was so kind when helping us with any questions or concerns. Very considerate and up front about everything in our situation. If we have any other issues, we will definitely be calling them. Thanks for everything, Mary Anne.

        




Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Grady Morris

            From my first contact with Morgan & Morgan to the meeting with Investigator Tilson, I've experienced nothing but professionalism! Outstanding firm that has their clients interest at heart.

        







verdicts & settlements



$90,800,000.00
Estate of Frank Townsend v. RJ Reynolds, et al.


Product Liability




Keith R. Mitnik
Gregory D. Prysock
John W. Dill


2010


$40,000,000.00
Estate of Patricia Allen v. RJ Reynolds, et al.


Product Liability




Gregory D. Prysock
Keith R. Mitnik


2014


$37,850,000.00
Coleman v. Martinez


Medical Malpractice




Armando T. Lauritano
Keith M. Carter


2007


$28,450,104.74
Fedeline Normil v. Go


Medical Malpractice




Keith M. Carter
Armando T. Lauritano


2012


$25,927,183.55
Brink v. Ruiz


Car Accidents




Alexander Murphree Clem
Keith R. Mitnik


2013






Estate of Frank Townsend v. RJ Reynolds, et al.
$90,800,000.00
2010


Estate of Patricia Allen v. RJ Reynolds, et al.
$40,000,000.00
2014


Coleman v. Martinez
$37,850,000.00
2007





For attorney referrals, please email us
For media inquiries, please contact 212.738.6254
For marketing inquiries, please contact 212.738.6265
For advertising inquiries and proposals, please email us


Want to find an office? View our locations











































 



 McClatchy Vice President Karole Morgan-Prager Resigns 
         










    










 






 











 









McClatchy Vice President Karole Morgan-Prager Resigns

May 08, 2015, 16:05 ET
		  		  					
						 from   The McClatchy Company 











 
















































 

 




















 


SACRAMENTO, Calif., May 8, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The McClatchy Company (NYSE-MNI) announced today that Karole Morgan-Prager, McClatchy's vice president for corporate development, general counsel and secretary, has resigned effective May 29 to become general counsel for another company. A search for her successor is underway.
"Karole has been a talented executive and trusted colleague who put her all into McClatchy over her 20-year career here," said Pat Talamantes, McClatchy's president and CEO. "Karole has made significant contributions over the years, including playing a key role in advancing McClatchy's digital transformation. We thank her for her service to McClatchy and wish her all the best in the next chapter of her career."
Morgan-Prager has been general counsel and corporate secretary at McClatchy since arriving in 1995 from The Times Mirror Co., then-publisher of the Los Angeles Times, where she was the associate general counsel. Morgan-Prager was named vice president in 1998 and assumed additional oversight of McClatchy's corporate development activities in 2012.
About McClatchy 
The McClatchy Company is a 21st century news and information leader, publisher of iconic brands such as the Miami Herald, The Kansas City Star, The Sacramento Bee, The Charlotte Observer, The (Raleigh) News and Observer, and the (Fort Worth) Star-Telegram. McClatchy operates media companies in 28 U.S. markets in 14 states, providing each of its communities with high-quality news and advertising services in a wide array of digital and print formats. McClatchy is headquartered in Sacramento, Calif., and listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MNI.
 SOURCE  The McClatchy Company  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.mcclatchy.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











May 26, 2015, 18:52 ET
Preview: McClatchy to Present at East Coast IDEAS Investor Conference













Apr 27, 2015, 13:00 ET
Preview: Kim Nussbaum Named McClatchy Vice President, Advertising; Don Burk Appointed Corporate Director Of Sales






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  


Karole Morgan-Prager | The Recorder





















































































 									Karole Morgan-Prager





Lisa Holton, The Recorder


 									October 11, 2012
 							
		   | 0 Comments 












share




share on linkedin
Facebook
share on twitter
share on google+




Share With Email










Send





Thank you for sharing!
Your article was successfully shared with the contacts you provided.




reprints









 								One of the main challenges for McClatchy's general counsel, who recently took on an expanded business development role for the newspaper publisher, is seeking out investment opportunities in the digital arena.


















To continue reading, become a free ALM digital reader.
Benefits include:

5 free articles* from across the ALM network every 30 days
Unlimited access to Corporate Counsel and Legaltech News online
The Recorder digital newsletter, plus your choice of over 70 newsletters
Exclusive discounts on ALM events and publications




Register Now



Already have an account? Sign In


*May exclude premium content
 


 




















VIEW COMMENTS ( 0 )

 
			ADD COMMENT














What's being said





Sign In



Terms & Conditions





Comments are not moderated. To report offensive comments, click here.


Preparing comment abuse report for Article #1202574606461








Send




Thank you!
This article's comments will be reviewed.





















Law Firms Mentioned

Hogan LovellsMorrison & FoersterWilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati



More From The Recorder


				
		Are Law Firms Too Sophisticated for Their Own Good?


				
		Davis Polk Partner Killed By Train in Silicon Valley


				
		An Employee Spoke Out on Glassdoor.com, and Now the EEOC Is Suing His Company


				
		Wanna Raise? Top Silicon Valley Counsel Give 8 Tips for Women Lawyers












	More from the ALM Network

Previous
Next








				
		Uber's 'Greyball' Program Puts New Focus on Legal Dept.
The Recorder







				
		53 Companies Back Transgender Teen in SCOTUS Fight
The National Law Journal







				
		After Yahoo, Are In-House Counsel Jobs at Risk Over Cybersecurity?
Corporate Counsel







				
		Covington Pays to End 3M Conflicts Row
The Am Law Daily







				
		As Law Prof, Gorsuch Banned Laptops, Garnered Respect
The National Law Journal







				
		Behind the $500M Curtain: How Skadden Handed Wilkinson Her First Trial Loss
The Litigation Daily







				
		Davis Polk Partner Says Bio-Rad GC Kept Pushing Flimsy Claims
The Recorder







				
		Exxon Insists Its Free Speech Case Against Attorneys General Be Heard in Texas Court
Texas Lawyer




				
		Beyonce, Tebow for Prez? Invalid Votes Spiked in Florida
Daily Business Review







				
		Three Things to Know About Neil Gorsuch, SCOTUS Front-Runner
The National Law Journal







				
		New Goodwin Procter Partner a Transgender Trailblazer in Big Law
The Am Law Daily







				
		Outside Counsel Complained About Bio-Rad GC, CEO Says
The Recorder







				
		Lawyers Spar Over Rex Tillerson Depo in Climate Change Suit
The Recorder







				
		'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish
Texas Lawyer







				
		Lawyer Gets Green Light to Sue Gawker Over Rape Comments
The National Law Journal







					Law School Classmates Call Priebus a 'Voice of Reason' for Trump White House







				
		Cybersecurity Madness: 3 Things that Really Matter and 3 That Don't
Corporate Counsel







				
		New Florida House Speaker Wants Crackdown on Lobbyists
Daily Business Review







				
		Pence and His Big Law Counsel Wage Their Own Email Secrecy Fight
The Litigation Daily







				
		FDA's Expanded Zika-Testing Guidance Will Test Blood Centers
The National Law Journal






































































Karole Morgan-Prager: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 3:33 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of BlackLine, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Karole   Morgan-Prager  Chief Legal & Administrative Officer and Secretary, BlackLine, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships54$1,850,347As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Karole Morgan-Prager has been the Chief Legal and Administrative Officer at BlackLine, Inc. since October 2016 and served as its Chief Legal Officer since May 2015. Ms. Morgan-Prager has been Secretary at BlackLine, Inc. since August 2015. Ms. Morgan-Prager serves as Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel at Merced Sun-Star. Ms. Morgan-Prager served as a General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at The McClatchy Company from July 1995 to May 29, 2015 ... and its Vice President of Corporate Development from May 2012 to May 29, 2015. She served as Vice President at The McClatchy Company since May 1998. From 1992 to 1995, Ms. Morgan-Prager served as an Associate General Counsel at The Times Mirror Company. She was an Associate at Morrison & Foerster LLP from 1987 to 1992. Ms. Morgan-Prager serves as a Member of Advisory Board of Matter. She serves as a Director of East Coast Newspaper, Inc. and Boys & Girls Club of Greater Sacramento. She has sat on the boards of several companies, including The Seattle Times Company, CareerBuilder, Classified Ventures and HomeFinder. Ms. Morgan-Prager received her law degree from the UCLA School of Law in 1987.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
21300 Victory BoulevardLos Angeles, California 91367United StatesPhone: 818-223-9008Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorEast Coast Newspaper, Inc.
Education
JD University of CaliforniaLLB 1987University of California, Los AngelesBA University of Nevada, Las Vegas
Other Affiliations
The McClatchy CompanyUniversity of CaliforniaUniversity of California, Los AngelesEast Coast Newspaper, Inc.University of Nevada, Las VegasMerced Sun-StarMatter


Annual Compensation
Salary$318,118Total Annual Compensation$318,118
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$10,994Exercisable Options$50,000Unexercisable Options$367,260Total Number of Options$417,260
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$420,776Total Short Term Compensation$318,118Other Long Term Compensation$10,994Total Calculated Compensation$1,850,347




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact BlackLine, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Karole Morgan-Prager - Attorney in Woodland Hills, CA - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















CaliforniaWoodland HillsKarole Morgan-Prager


Karole Rene Morgan-Prager








Karole Rene Morgan-Prager 
                                    



General Practice




Law Office:
Blackline Systems



Woodland Hills Law Firms


Law School:

UCLA School of Law  



Status:
In Good Standing


Licensed:
30 years















21300 Victory Blvd
91367
Woodland Hills
CA









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™21/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Ms.  Morgan-Prager















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Karole Rene Morgan-Prager .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Bob Farahan
Criminal, DUI-DWI, Felony, Misdemeanor
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Richard Lawrence Leeds
Divorce, Custody & Visitation, Bankruptcy, Mediation, Business Organization
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Tamar Ouzounian
Divorce & Family Law, Divorce, Family Law, Child Custody, Child Support
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT








Steven David Waisbren
Employee Rights, Labor Disputes, Employment Discrimination, Unfair Labor Practices, Wrongful Termination
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Bart I. Ring
Accident & Injury, Litigation, Real Estate, Bad Faith Insurance
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Robert Lampl
Immigration, Bankruptcy Litigation, Litigation
Woodland Hills, CA 91364 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT








Richard Alan Stavin
Employment, Labor Law
Woodland Hills, CA 91364 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Navid Kanani
Employment, Employment Discrimination, Litigation, Accident & Injury, Labor Law
Woodland Hills, CA 91364 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Alice A. Salvo
Estate, Elder Law, Wills & Probate, Power of Attorney
Woodland Hills, CA 91364 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT








Peter Swarth
DUI-DWI, Felony, White Collar Crime, Criminal, Civil & Human Rights
West Hills, CA 91307 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Ronen Kleinman
Workers' Compensation
Tarzana, CA 91356 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Ross K. Reghabi, Esq., LL.M
Divorce & Family Law, Business, Tax, Employment, Lawsuit & Dispute
Calabasas, CA 91302 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT











Education






School
Degree
Major
Graduation




University of California, Los Angeles School of Law

Law School
N/A


Univ of Nevada; NV
Bachelor
N/A
N/A






Admission






State / Court
Date




California
1987






Additional Info



CA State Lawyer Additional Information:
District: 2
Service Type:General


Update Date:2017-04-04




Lawyer Badges


















34.18821,-118.59496













MAIN LOCATION


21300 Victory BlvdFl 11Woodland Hills, CA 91367




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



President Trump States That He Would Stick With List of Potential Nominees for Future SCOTUS Vacancy

                    President Donald Trump told the Washington Times in an interview that in the event another Supreme Court seat opens, he would pick a nominee from his campaign list of potential nominees.
                




CLIENT APPRECIATION EVENT 2017 – MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

                    MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog

























Lawyer.com - Woodland Hills Lawyer


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















California / Woodland Hills Lawyer






                  Woodland Hills Lawyer, California                







  SPONSORED LAWYERS

1-10 of 139 matches. Page 1 of 14   






Navid  Kanani✓ VERIFIEDEmployment, Employment Discrimination, Litigation, Accident & Injury, Labor Law

Navid Kanani is an attorney located in Woodland Hills specializing in employment, real estate, and litigation.


Lawyer.com Member Questionna... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-970-4621
 20501 Ventura Blvd, Woodland Hills, CA 91364 Profile LAWPOINTS™72/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Bart I. Ring✓ VERIFIEDAccident & Injury, Litigation, Real Estate, Bad Faith Insurance

Read about Mr. Ring's landmark case against Donald J. Trump, Ivanka Trump, Donald Trump Jr. and the Trump organization by visiting his website at bart... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-817-5680
 5550 Topanga Canyon Blvd., Woodland Hills, CA 91367 Profile LAWPOINTS™65/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Alice A. Salvo✓ VERIFIEDEstate, Elder Law, Wills & Probate, Power of Attorney

Alice A. Salvo has over 20 years of experience in Probate, Estate Planning, Special Needs Trusts and Elder Law for Medi-Cal planning and long term car... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-750-0071
 20350 Ventura Boulevard, Woodland Hills, CA 91364 Profile LAWPOINTS™69/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Richard Alan Stavin✓ VERIFIEDEmployment, Labor Law

Richard Stavin is a practicing attorney in the state of California. He attended New York Law School where he earned his J.D. in 1971. 


Lawy... (more)
CONTACT800-736-0281
 21031 Ventura Blvd, Woodland Hills, CA 91364 Profile LAWPOINTS™62/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers





Steven David Waisbren✓ VERIFIEDEmployee Rights, Labor Disputes, Employment Discrimination, Unfair Labor Practices, Wrongful Termination
We can assist you with claims for Labor Code violationsagainst California employers.
The Law Offices of Steven Waisbren is a law firm devoted to the protection of employees in California, with an emphasis on recovering unpaid wages, in... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-968-6030
 5850 Canoga Ave., Woodland Hills, CA 91367 Profile LAWPOINTS™59/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Robert  Lampl✓ VERIFIEDImmigration, Bankruptcy Litigation, Litigation

I have been proudly representing clients in the Woodland Hills area for over 37 years.  I opened my Law Firm in 1978 and have been helping Californian... (more)
CONTACT800-713-9961
 21031 Ventura Blvd, Woodland Hills, CA 91364 Profile LAWPOINTS™59/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Richard Lawrence Leeds✓ VERIFIEDDivorce, Custody & Visitation, Bankruptcy, Mediation, Business Organization

I am admitted to the State Bars of both California and Illinois. I graduated from John Marshall Law School in Chicago in 1981, and practiced law in my... (more)
CONTACT800-892-0271
 21550 Oxnard St, Woodland Hills, CA 91367 Profile LAWPOINTS™57/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Bob  Farahan✓ VERIFIEDCriminal, DUI-DWI, Felony, Misdemeanor

Bob Farahan is a criminal defense attorney who has been defending clients for many years. He has devoted his career to delivering the highest possible... (more)
CONTACT800-796-0680
 6320 Canoga Ave, Woodland Hills, CA 91367 Profile LAWPOINTS™53/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Tamar  Ouzounian✓ VERIFIEDDivorce & Family Law, Divorce, Family Law, Child Custody, Child Support


FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-579-9791
 5850 Canoga Avenue, Woodland Hills, CA 91367 Profile LAWPOINTS™51/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers










 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             






















 
TIPSLawyer.com makes finding Woodland Hills Lawyers fast and easy. Refine your search for Woodland Hills lawyers by legal practice area. Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Woodland Hills attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in California will offer free legal consultations and all have California law expertise.

SAMPLE LEGAL CASES


Franklin Mint Co. v. Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP... 334 C. There Was No Probable Cause to Prosecute the Trademark Dilution Claim.
 (5) The trademark ... Act of 1995. We agree. 1. There is no legally tenable argument that
 Princess Diana used "Diana, Princess of Wales" as a trademark. ...
In re JN... result of caretaker absence. Allegation b-2 recited that, on March 8, 2009, father was
 involved in an automobile accident, with the three children in the car, while he was
 driving under the influence of alcohol. It further stated that ...
People v. Feyrer... Defendant Jesse Feyrer was charged with assault by means of force likely to produce great bodily
 injury, an offense punishable either as a felony or a misdemeanor—commonly known as a
 "wobbler." It also was alleged defendant personally inflicted great bodily injury upon the ... 



SORT BY:- Distance- Name- Location- LAWPOINTS™

FILTER BY:


Free Consultation
Male
Female
Suspended




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 



NEARBY CITY SUGGESTIONS

AnaheimBakersfieldFresnoLong BeachLos AngelesModestoOaklandRichmondRiversideSacramentoSan DiegoSan FranciscoSan JoseSanta AnaSanta RosaStockton













  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog




























Karole Morgan-Prager - Attorney in Woodland Hills, CA - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















CaliforniaWoodland HillsKarole Morgan-Prager


Karole Rene Morgan-Prager








Karole Rene Morgan-Prager 
                                    



General Practice




Law Office:
Blackline Systems



Woodland Hills Law Firms


Law School:

UCLA School of Law  



Status:
In Good Standing


Licensed:
30 years















21300 Victory Blvd
91367
Woodland Hills
CA









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™21/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Ms.  Morgan-Prager















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Karole Rene Morgan-Prager .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Bob Farahan
Criminal, DUI-DWI, Felony, Misdemeanor
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Richard Lawrence Leeds
Divorce, Custody & Visitation, Bankruptcy, Mediation, Business Organization
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Tamar Ouzounian
Divorce & Family Law, Divorce, Family Law, Child Custody, Child Support
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT








Steven David Waisbren
Employee Rights, Labor Disputes, Employment Discrimination, Unfair Labor Practices, Wrongful Termination
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Bart I. Ring
Accident & Injury, Litigation, Real Estate, Bad Faith Insurance
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Robert Lampl
Immigration, Bankruptcy Litigation, Litigation
Woodland Hills, CA 91364 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT








Richard Alan Stavin
Employment, Labor Law
Woodland Hills, CA 91364 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Navid Kanani
Employment, Employment Discrimination, Litigation, Accident & Injury, Labor Law
Woodland Hills, CA 91364 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Alice A. Salvo
Estate, Elder Law, Wills & Probate, Power of Attorney
Woodland Hills, CA 91364 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT








Peter Swarth
DUI-DWI, Felony, White Collar Crime, Criminal, Civil & Human Rights
West Hills, CA 91307 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Ronen Kleinman
Workers' Compensation
Tarzana, CA 91356 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT




Ross K. Reghabi, Esq., LL.M
Divorce & Family Law, Business, Tax, Employment, Lawsuit & Dispute
Calabasas, CA 91302 (Los angeles County)





CONTACT











Education






School
Degree
Major
Graduation




University of California, Los Angeles School of Law

Law School
N/A


Univ of Nevada; NV
Bachelor
N/A
N/A






Admission






State / Court
Date




California
1987






Additional Info



CA State Lawyer Additional Information:
District: 2
Service Type:General


Update Date:2017-04-04




Lawyer Badges


















34.18821,-118.59496













MAIN LOCATION


21300 Victory BlvdFl 11Woodland Hills, CA 91367




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



President Trump States That He Would Stick With List of Potential Nominees for Future SCOTUS Vacancy

                    President Donald Trump told the Washington Times in an interview that in the event another Supreme Court seat opens, he would pick a nominee from his campaign list of potential nominees.
                




CLIENT APPRECIATION EVENT 2017 – MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

                    MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog





















   Karole Morgan-Prager | Blackline, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com









































Karole Morgan-Prager |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Karole Morgan-Prager Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Karole Morgan-Prager
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Karole Morgan-Prager, 49, has been General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of McClatchy since July 1995 and was named Vice President in May 1998. From... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




1995


McClatchy Company

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 












 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Morgan & Morgan - A Nationwide Personal Injury Practice












































For the people, not the powerful
When you get hurt, we're on your side. We battle bullies and insurance companies in court, so that you can focus on getting better. Plus, you pay nothing unless we get you compensation.
free case evaluation
call us 24/7 
Or request a Free Consultation






Personal Injury Lawyers For The People
Morgan & Morgan is a leading personal injury law firm dedicated to protecting the people, not the powerful.We take pride in the fact that we do not represent insurance companies, hospitals or other large corporations. We have limited our law practice to the representation of the people, covering a wide range of personal injury and consumer protection cases.
Learn more about us






We can help
With decades of experience, more than 350 lawyers, and a support staff of nearly 2,000 employees, our firm has helped more than 100,000 clients nationwide. In their efforts to protect the people, not the powerful, our attorneys have established themselves among defense attorneys and insurance providers alike as leading trial lawyers.






car accidents


slip & fall


work injuries


dangerous drugs


business litigation


medical malpractice




view all our practice areas






We fight for our clients.
We have obtained ground-breaking verdicts in areas such as tobacco litigation and single-day recoveries totaling more than $92 million; however, our success is not measured only by our results.
                    Our success has garnered news coverage from prominent news outlets, as well as recognition from renowned legal publications. Our attorneys have been designated as “Super Lawyers” and received the esteemed AV Rating, which indicates the highest level of professional excellence.




FEATURED ON





AWARDS & ORGANIZATIONS







verdicts and settlements






No fee unless we win
We believe everyone should have access to quality legal representation. That's why we work on a contingency-fee basis, which means you only pay us if and when we win your case. Our fee is a percentage of the verdict or settlement we obtain for you.
get your free case evaluation now









What our clients say
At Morgan & Morgan, our attorneys are proud of the positive feedback we’ve received over the years regarding the quality of our work and commitment to our clients’ needs. If you are looking for an attorney, hear what our former clients have to say.














see more testimonials







Stay Informed




firm news



Morgan & Morgan Attorneys Featured on 2017 Florida Legal Elite List
We are overjoyed to announce that four of our attorneys were featured in the 2017 Florida Legal Elite list! For the past 14 years, Florida...
Jess Fregni
Firm News 
Jul 21, 2017




Morgan & Morgan Wins $87,500 for Woman Receiving Invasive Auto-Dialed Calls
We are proud to announce that following a two-day arbitration, attorney Jared Lee took a case with a $2,500 pre-trial settlement offer in a Telephone...
Richard Bierig
Firm News 
Jul 17, 2017




Morgan & Morgan Wins 4 Major Verdicts in 1 Day, Turning Low Pre-Trial Offers into Much Bigger Jury Awards
Morgan & Morgan is proud to announce our successful recovery of four major verdicts in a single day on Wednesday. In each trial, the attorneys...
Jess Fregni
Firm News 
Jul 14, 2017





alerts



Crop Damaging Dicamba Banned in Arkansas and Missouri
After receiving complaints of crop damage from hundreds of farmers, Arkansas and Missouri have decided to temporarily ban the use of the powerful herbicide dicamba....
Richard Bierig
Consumer Alerts 
Jul 10, 2017




Robocallers May Soon Be Allowed to Spam Your Voicemail
As if your bloated email inbox wasn’t enough, your smartphone’s voicemail may be the latest thing under threat of spam. The Republican National Committee is...
Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts 
May 26, 2017




1M Patients’ Records Exposed in Major Data Breach
The information leaked in a data breach can vary in severity, ranging from your email address or phone number to your social security number and...
Jess Fregni
Consumer Alerts 
Apr 26, 2017







see more articles






Serving Clients Nationwide

                    Morgan & Morgan serves clients Nationwide with 40 offices in 11 states including Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Arkansas, Massachusetts, New York & Pennsylvania.
                




see our locations








×
Get A Free Case Evaluation















1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation




































Car Accident Lawyers at Morgan & Morgan








































practice areas
Car Accident Lawyers



Car Accident Lawyers







At Morgan & Morgan, our attorneys understand the difficulties that can arise after a car accident. We have witnessed the injuries and damage that can result from a crash and understand the struggle some victims may face in trying to recover compensation for their losses.
Our car accident attorneys have handled automobile accident cases in several states and if you’ve suffered any degree of injury, we may be able to help you.
If you’ve been in a car accident and are unsure of your next step, please fill out our free case review form. Our firm will review your claim for free and determine if our lawyers may be able to help you with your personal injury claim.
How Can a Car Accident Attorney Help Me?
Driving is getting more dangerous. In fact, 35,092 people died in crashes on U.S. roadways in 2015 according to the National Highway Safety Administration.
So having an experienced attorney represent you after your car accident is becoming more important than ever before.
There are specific rules and regulations that can complicate insurance claims and the recovery of additional damages, such as for pain and suffering, in cases of severe injury or death. An attorney can help ensure you receive full benefits from the insurance company and determine whether you can file a claim for additional damages against the party at fault in the event of a car accident.
If you have suffered any degree of injury, we may be able to help you file a lawsuit to claim compensation beyond what is provided by insurance claims.
Once you’ve exhausted your personal injury protection (PIP) benefits and decide you want to take legal action against the driver at fault for the crash, our attorneys can begin preparing your claim by:

Collecting police and accident scene reports
Questioning witnesses
Reconstructing the accident scene
Taking photographs of the scene, damage, and injuries
Analyzing medical reports
Contacting expert witnesses to review evidence
Speaking with the insurance providers on your behalf

The insurance company or negligent party from which you are attempting to collect compensation will work to categorize your injury as temporary, rather than permanent. Your attorney can collect and organize evidence on your behalf to rebut the defendant’s claims.
Car Accident Injuries and Compensation
Because each accident is different, the extent of injuries suffered will vary between cases. In many cases, the costs for treatment of the injuries sustained will not be covered by PIP insurance and will require additional litigation or negotiations.
Some injuries that we may attempt to collect compensation for include, but are not limited to:

Paralysis
Burns and scars
Loss of limbs
Spinal cord injuries
Head injuries
Joint, muscle, back, neck, and bone injuries
Knee damage
Whiplash
Permanent disability
Wrongful death

If you have suffered any degree of injury, contact us by filling out our free, no-obligation case review form.
Economic auto accident damages, also known as compensatory damages, attempt to compensate the injured car crash victim for his or her monetary losses. Common economic damages awarded in car accident lawsuits include:


Medical Expenses: This could include expenses for emergency room
visits, hospitalization, emergency surgery, any assistive devices and
future appointments with a medical professional.


Future Medical
Expenses: If the car accident victim can prove that they will need
continued medical care as a result of the crash, they may be able to
recover the cost of future medical expenses.


Lost Wages: Car
accident victims who have been injured can seek compensation for lost
wages from the time of injury to the conclusion of the lawsuit. Even if
the victim was unemployed, he or she could receive compensation for lost
wages if the attorney can prove that the accident limited his or her
earning potential.


Loss of Earning Capacity: If you sustained
injuries that prevent you from working, you may be able to receive
compensation by proving that your earning capacity was negatively
impacted by the incident. In this case, the jury will
typically determine the amount the victim could have earned if the car accident had not occurred.


Non-economic car accident damages award the plaintiff for non-financial losses. Car accident damages for non-monetary losses are typically harder to quantify and may include compensation for the following:


Pain and Suffering: This includes compensation for the pain and
suffering you faced after the accident. In awarding damages for pain and
suffering, the jury will examine the extent of your injuries, including
how long you are expected to suffer, the nature of the injury, and what
financial burdens the incident places on you and your family.


Mental
Anguish: You may also be able to attain compensation for the emotional
pain you faced after the incident. Mental anguish, for example, can
include feelings of fright, nervousness, worry, grief, and any other
type of emotional trauma a victim can face after a devastating accident.


Loss of Consortium: The surviving spouse may be awarded compensation for the loss of services, assistance, aid, society, and companionship of his or her loved one in the case of a wrongful death caused by a car accident. Surviving parents may be awarded compensation for the loss of love, affection and companionship of their minor children as a result of their wrongful death. Likewise, minor children may be awarded compensation for the loss of services, assistance, aid, society and companionship of their parents as a result of their wrongful death.


Punitive Damages: If the
actions of the defendant were so malicious or egregious, the jury may
impose punitive damages, which are intended to punish the defendant and
discourage similar behavior in the future.


Seeking Additional Damages
The strength and success of your claim will likely hinge on the ability of your attorney to collect, analyze, and present evidence.
If you are seeking additional damages, your attorney will approach the negligent party’s insurance company in an attempt to recover compensation to cover your remaining costs. Your claim will be submitted for approval to the insurance company, which will have conducted an investigation of its own.
The strength and success of your claim will likely hinge on the ability of your attorney to collect, analyze, and present evidence. This is no easy task though because the opposing insurance company will want to minimize their payout. 
Providing your attorney with as much information as possible can help strengthen your claim. If your attorney and the insurance company cannot agree on a settlement, the case may proceed to trial.
Uninsured and Underinsured Motorist Accidents
After exhausting PIP coverage, if the other driver has no other insurance or an amount of coverage that is insufficient to cover the costs related to your injury, your uninsured or underinsured motorist coverage may cover the damage caused by the negligent party.
If the negligent party was underinsured, your insurance will cover the difference between your losses and the amount you received from the other party’s insurance company. If you do not have this coverage, you should contact an attorney to obtain compensation for injuries resulting from the accident.
An attorney may be able to seek damages from the negligent party’s homeowners’ insurance, your own insurance carrier or your health insurance provider. Attempting to collect compensation through your uninsured motorist coverage can be complicated and will likely require the assistance of an experienced attorney.
Your insurance company may try to limit your payout, based on their own investigation of the accident and how much they believe your claim is worth. If you receive an amount that you believe does not properly cover your losses, your attorney may be able to file a lawsuit against your insurance company in an attempt to recover additional compensation.
Types of Car Accident Claims
“No-fault” insurance law attempts to limit the number of lawsuits filed over minor car accidents. Civil suits to recover additional compensation for personal injury damages are only permitted under certain circumstances, such as:
Negligence
Most car accidents rely on the concept of negligence, or the
party’s failure to exercise a certain level of caution while operating a
vehicle or using common roads. Negligence is one of the most common factors in accidents that harm other motorists, pedestrians, or bicyclists.
To prove negligence, your attorney 
will conduct a preliminary investigation to identify who was responsible for the accident.
To have the best chances of receiving compensation, the attorney must
prove that the defendant failed to meet a reasonable standard of care
and that his or her negligence caused the accident. Some examples of
defendants are negligent drivers, reckless drivers, intoxicated drivers, and bus drivers.
Manufacturer Liability
If your vehicle, or the other party’s vehicle, had a defect contributed
to the accident, the injured party may have a claim against the
manufacturer of the vehicle or one of its parts. If the car had a faulty
design, or a manufacturing and labeling issue, the manufacturer can be
held responsible regardless of who was actually at fault for the
accident.
To prevail, your attorney must prove that you were not at fault for the
accident as the defect that caused the accident occurred during the
manufacturing process. Oftentimes expert testimony and analysis is used
as evidence to prove that the defect contributed in some way to the
accident. Successful lawsuits will require the plaintiff to show:

The defective car or part was “unreasonably dangerous”
The vehicle was being operated as intended
The vehicle’s performance had not changed since its initial purchase

Claims are usually filed against manufacturers in the case of defective parts such as seat belts, airbags, accelerators, brakes, and engines.
Road Design
In some cases, faulty construction, design, or maintenance of roads can contribute to accidents. Some common causes include:


Embankments: When a road curves, the outer edge is set
at an incline as a safety precaution. These raised areas serve the
purpose of managing traffic so that vehicles can approach the outer edge
of the road without driving off it. If the embankment is too steep or
not elevated properly, motorists may be in danger.


Barriers and
Guard Rails: Barriers, guard rails, speed bumps, medians, and
curbs help to influence safe driving. If any of these structures are
poorly designed or placed, driver safety may be compromised.


Surfaces: Various alterations in road surface alert drivers of
approaching hazards or that they are leaving their lane unexpectedly.


Signage: Signs give drivers prior notice of approaching
intersections, sharp turns, animal crossings, etc. They should be
positioned in obvious locations and brightly illuminated for maximum
visibility.


Traffic Control: Traffic lights, stop and
yield signs, lights to warn drivers of intersections and crosswalks, and
other devices are utilized to dictate traffic flow. Proper placement and
operation of these devices are imperative.


Wrongful Death
If you have lost a loved one in a car crash, you may have legal recourse through a wrongful death lawsuit. In these cases, the family or survivors of the victim must prove that their loved one was killed as a result of another’s negligence. Economic, non-economic, and punitive damages may be available.
Types of Accident Cases Our Attorneys Handle
Morgan & Morgan handles a variety of personal injury cases resulting from car accidents, including those stemming from:

Drunk driving or driving under the influence
Reckless driving
Negligence
Rear-end collisions
Side-impact collisions
Sideswipe collisions
Rollovers
Head-on collisions
Multiple party accidents
Distracted driving

If you have been in an automobile accident, you should contact a car accident attorney as soon as you can. 
There is a limited window in which you can file a claim with an attorney. Our attorneys are experienced in a variety of practice areas, including workers’ compensation, medical malpractice, motorcycle accidents and more.
Contact us by filling out our free, no-obligation case review form.





            free case evaluation
        


                Fill out this form for a FREE, immediate, Case Evaluation
            










Everything you need to know about
            
motor vehicle accidents


SEE OUR FAQs



Related Practice Areas

Bicycle AccidentsBus AccidentsDistracted Driving


See More Related Articles









Related Articles


Morgan & Morgan Attorneys Featured on 2017 Florida Legal Elite List
We are overjoyed to announce that four of our attorneys were featured in the 2017 Florida Legal Elite list! For the past 14 years, Florida Legal Elite has published an...

Jess Fregni
Firm News
Jul 21, 2017



Texas Marina Fire Destroys At Least 20 Boats, Injures Worker
A massive fire engulfed a marina in Lake Texoma, TX Wednesday, injuring a contract worker and burning nearly two dozen boats. The fire spread from boat to boat until flames...

Matthew Sandler
Morgan Monitor
Jul 20, 2017



Jeff Sessions' New Directive Expands Civil Asset Forfeiture, Increasing Police Property Seizures
The Department of Justice yesterday issued a Policy Directive paving the way for an increase in the use of a controversial process called “adoptive forfeitures” whereby state and local law...

Richard Bierig
Legal News
Jul 20, 2017




See More Results










1. we get results
2. we're available for you 24/7
3. no fees unless you win





Get your free, immediate, Case Evaluation



































Free Legal Case Evaluation - Morgan & Morgan










































Call us 24 hours / 7 days a week
877.667.4265
Se habla español



Get A Free Case Evaluation































Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Bobbie Wyzard

            From the first day I talked to Jay about my case until the day my case was settled, he made me feel like he truly cared about me as a person, not just a client. I highly recommend Morgan & Morgan to anyone in need. And, I will never be able to thank them enough for what they did for me!

        




Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Lisa K.

            Mary Anne Laforme was a true blessing. We were in an accident and she was so kind when helping us with any questions or concerns. Very considerate and up front about everything in our situation. If we have any other issues, we will definitely be calling them. Thanks for everything, Mary Anne.

        




Review 5/5

★
★
★
★
★


Grady Morris

            From my first contact with Morgan & Morgan to the meeting with Investigator Tilson, I've experienced nothing but professionalism! Outstanding firm that has their clients interest at heart.

        







verdicts & settlements



$90,800,000.00
Estate of Frank Townsend v. RJ Reynolds, et al.


Product Liability




Keith R. Mitnik
Gregory D. Prysock
John W. Dill


2010


$40,000,000.00
Estate of Patricia Allen v. RJ Reynolds, et al.


Product Liability




Gregory D. Prysock
Keith R. Mitnik


2014


$37,850,000.00
Coleman v. Martinez


Medical Malpractice




Armando T. Lauritano
Keith M. Carter


2007


$28,450,104.74
Fedeline Normil v. Go


Medical Malpractice




Keith M. Carter
Armando T. Lauritano


2012


$25,927,183.55
Brink v. Ruiz


Car Accidents




Alexander Murphree Clem
Keith R. Mitnik


2013






Estate of Frank Townsend v. RJ Reynolds, et al.
$90,800,000.00
2010


Estate of Patricia Allen v. RJ Reynolds, et al.
$40,000,000.00
2014


Coleman v. Martinez
$37,850,000.00
2007





For attorney referrals, please email us
For media inquiries, please contact 212.738.6254
For marketing inquiries, please contact 212.738.6265
For advertising inquiries and proposals, please email us


Want to find an office? View our locations






















