










 







Prairie Crest AG Tech Fund I, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- White  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Prairie Crest AG Tech Fund I, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    317 6 Th Avenue Suite 700 
    Des Moines, IA, 50309Phone: 515-493-4555 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-03


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Mark White 
 Executive 










﻿

























Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Acquires 92,973 Shares of Synopsys, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNPS) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Synopsys Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Synopsys Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Renaissance Technologies LLC Reduces Stake in Tallgrass Energy Partners, LP (NYSE:TEP)
Renaissance Technologies LLC Boosts Stake in Silgan Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN)
American Electric Power Company, Inc. (NYSE:AEP) Position Decreased by First Heartland Consultants Inc.
Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Stake in Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC)
New York State Teachers Retirement System Boosts Position in Integer Holdings Co. (NASDAQ:ITGR)
Zacks: Brokerages Expect Flushing Financial Corporation (FFIC) Will Post Earnings of $0.40 Per Share
Brokerages Expect Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.54 Billion
Era Group (ERA) and Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) Financial Analysis
$0.58 Earnings Per Share Expected for China Lodging Group, Limited (NASDAQ:HTHT) This Quarter
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Randgold Resources Limited (GOLD) to “Buy”
PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Lifted to “Neutral” at Credit Suisse Group
Apptio Inc. (APTI) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Esterline Technologies Corporation (ESL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Acquires 92,973 Shares of Synopsys, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNPS)
UBS Group AG Decreases Position in Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN)
UBS Group AG Decreases Stake in PetMed Express, Inc. (NASDAQ:PETS)
Allstate Corporation (The) (NYSE:ALL) Shares Sold by Morgan Stanley
Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRTS) Shares Bought by UBS Group AG
Morgan Stanley Raises Position in Imperial Oil Ltd (NYSEMKT:IMO)
Morgan Stanley Sells 82,238 Shares of HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS)


 


Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Acquires 92,973 Shares of Synopsys, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNPS)

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Synopsys, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNPS) by 14.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 727,249 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock after buying an additional 92,973 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP owned 0.48% of Synopsys worth $52,456,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in SNPS. Geode Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Synopsys by 31.3% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 1,850,973 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $133,356,000 after buying an additional 440,739 shares during the last quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Synopsys by 11.0% in the first quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. now owns 4,567 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $329,000 after buying an additional 454 shares during the last quarter. Snyder Capital Management L P increased its position in shares of Synopsys by 77.3% in the first quarter. Snyder Capital Management L P now owns 137,692 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $9,932,000 after buying an additional 60,048 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Synopsys by 21.6% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 15,031,207 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $1,084,201,000 after buying an additional 2,672,954 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. increased its position in shares of Synopsys by 2.5% in the first quarter. Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. now owns 30,723 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $2,216,000 after buying an additional 750 shares during the last quarter. 91.62% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Synopsys, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNPS) opened at 75.91 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $74.51 and a 200-day moving average of $70.65. Synopsys, Inc. has a 12 month low of $53.53 and a 12 month high of $76.57. The stock has a market cap of $11.41 billion, a PE ratio of 42.41 and a beta of 1.01. 


 Get Synopsys Inc. alerts:



Synopsys (NASDAQ:SNPS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 17th. The semiconductor company reported $0.88 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.86 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $680.07 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $672.40 million. Synopsys had a net margin of 10.74% and a return on equity of 11.16%. Synopsys’s revenue was up 12.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.81 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Synopsys, Inc. will post $3.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
Synopsys announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a stock buyback plan on Friday, June 16th that permits the company to repurchase $500.00 million in outstanding shares. This repurchase authorization permits the semiconductor company to buy up to 4.5% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase plans are typically an indication that the company’s management believes its stock is undervalued. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Acquires 92,973 Shares of Synopsys, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNPS)” was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/dimensional-fund-advisors-lp-boosts-stake-in-synopsys-inc-nasdaqsnps-updated.html. 
Several research analysts have commented on the stock. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Synopsys from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 5th. J P Morgan Chase & Co restated an “average” rating on shares of Synopsys in a research report on Friday, May 26th. Bank of America Corporation restated a “buy” rating and set a $87.00 price objective (up previously from $80.00) on shares of Synopsys in a research report on Friday, May 19th. DA Davidson restated a “buy” rating and set a $85.00 price objective (up previously from $77.00) on shares of Synopsys in a research report on Friday, May 19th. Finally, Pacific Crest restated an “overweight” rating and set a $86.00 price objective (up previously from $78.00) on shares of Synopsys in a research report on Friday, May 19th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $75.78.
In related news, EVP Joseph W. Logan sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.05, for a total transaction of $355,250.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 68,793 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,887,742.65. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel John F. Runkel, Jr. sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.00, for a total transaction of $710,000.00. Following the sale, the general counsel now directly owns 18,239 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,294,969. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 304,246 shares of company stock worth $21,608,505. 1.82% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About Synopsys
Synopsys, Inc provides software, intellectual property (IP) and services. The Company supplies the electronic design automation (EDA) software that engineers use to design and test integrated circuits, also known as chips. It also offers IP products, which are pre-designed circuits that engineers use as components of larger chip designs rather than designing those circuits themselves. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Synopsys Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synopsys Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Prairie Crest AG Tech Fund I, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Prairie Crest AG Tech Fund I, LP
List of persons related to the company Prairie Crest AG Tech Fund I, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Prairie Crest AG Tech Fund I, LP.

CIK Number: 0001688744IRS Number: 811892040Company address: 317 6TH AVENUE SUITE 700 DES MOINES 50309Phone number: 515-493-4555



People related to Prairie Crest AG Tech Fund I, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryWhite  Mark317 6th Avenue Suite #700Des MoinsIA




Prairie Crest AG Tech Fund I, LP on the Web
Related companiesPrairie Brothers Brewing, LLC, PRAIRIE BUNKERS LLC, Prairie Capital Holdings, Inc., PRAIRIE CAPITAL V LP, PRAIRIE CAPITAL V QP LP, PRAIRIE CAPITAL VI QP, L.P., PRAIRIE CAPITAL VI, L.P., Prairie Cloudware, Inc., Prairie Compass, Inc., Prairie Dog Pet Products, LLC, Prairie Ethanol, LLC, PRAIRIE FARMS DAIRY INC, PRAIRIE FINANCE LLC, Prairie Food II, LLC, Prairie Gold, Inc.












 








Prairie Salt Resources, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Prairie Salt Resources, LLC
List of persons related to the company Prairie Salt Resources, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Prairie Salt Resources, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001696045IRS Number: 814527375Company address: 5500 KITE TAIL DRIVE  AUSTIN 78730Phone number: 5125718376



People related to Prairie Salt Resources, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryJacobson  Benjamin III5500 Kite Tail Drive B102AustinTXLee  Cody5600 Wyoming Blvd NE Suite 180AlbuquerqueNMGradwell  Derek2802 Flintrock Place AustinTX




Prairie Salt Resources, LLC on the Web
Related companiesPrairie Brothers Brewing, LLC, PRAIRIE BUNKERS LLC, Prairie Capital Holdings, Inc., PRAIRIE CAPITAL V LP, PRAIRIE CAPITAL V QP LP, PRAIRIE CAPITAL VI QP, L.P., PRAIRIE CAPITAL VI, L.P., Prairie Cloudware, Inc., Prairie Compass, Inc., Prairie Crest AG Tech Fund I, LP, Prairie Dog Pet Products, LLC, Prairie Ethanol, LLC, PRAIRIE FARMS DAIRY INC, PRAIRIE FINANCE LLC, Prairie Food II, LLC












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) Shares Sold by Sit Investment Associates Inc. - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Ambarella Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ambarella Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

BTIM Corp. Buys New Stake in PerkinElmer, Inc. (NYSE:PKI)
Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) Shares Sold by Sit Investment Associates Inc.
Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $576,000 Stake in Fortis Inc. (FTS)
Sit Investment Associates Inc. Invests $525,000 in Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings (NASDAQ:AAWW)
Contrasting PC-Tel (PCTI) and Garmin (GRMN)
Reviewing Costamare (CMRE) & Golden Ocean Group Limited (GOGL)
Boeing Company (The) (BA) & Textron (TXT) Head-To-Head Analysis
Comparing Canon (CAJ) and Pitney Bowes (PBI)
Contrasting IMPINJ (PI) and SuperCom (SPCB)
Analyzing SEACOR Holdings (CKH) & CGG (CGG)
Critical Comparison: LKQ Corporation (LKQ) and Genuine Parts (GPC)
First National Bank of Omaha Sells 1,155 Shares of Restaurant Brands International Inc. (NYSE:QSR)
Sit Investment Associates Inc. Purchases 2,250 Shares of Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB)
WPP PLC (NASDAQ:WPPGY) Stake Boosted by Sit Investment Associates Inc.
Green Plains, Inc. (GPRE) Stake Reduced by Sit Investment Associates Inc.
Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics (BCLI) Earning Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Analysis Finds
Fulton Bank N.A. Buys 399 Shares of Stericycle, Inc. (SRCL)
Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) Shares Sold by Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC
TRANSAT AT Inc to Post FY2018 Earnings of ($0.05) Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (TRZ)
LS Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Equity Residential (EQR)







Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) Shares Sold by Sit Investment Associates Inc.


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Sit Investment Associates Inc. cut its position in  Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) by 48.8% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 13,475 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock after selling 12,850 shares during the period. Sit Investment Associates Inc.’s holdings in Ambarella were worth $654,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. raised its position in  Ambarella by 2.5% in the first quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. now owns 3,605 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $197,000 after buying an additional 88 shares in the last quarter.  Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. raised its position in  Ambarella by 1.1% in the first quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. now owns 8,121 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $444,000 after buying an additional 92 shares in the last quarter.  Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its position in  Ambarella by 4.5% in the first quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 4,174 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $228,000 after buying an additional 181 shares in the last quarter.  First National Bank of Omaha raised its position in  Ambarella by 0.9% in the second quarter. First National Bank of Omaha now owns 22,583 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $1,096,000 after buying an additional 205 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Greylin Investment Mangement Inc. raised its position in  Ambarella by 2.6% in the first quarter. Greylin Investment Mangement Inc. now owns 21,730 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $1,189,000 after buying an additional 550 shares in the last quarter. 55.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Ambarella Inc. alerts:



Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) opened at 50.72 on Monday. Ambarella, Inc. has a 52-week low of $46.80 and a 52-week high of $74.95. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $51.16 and its 200 day moving average price is $54.27. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.98 and a beta of 1.63. 





Ambarella (NASDAQ:AMBA) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, June 6th. The semiconductor company reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.36 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $64.10 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $63.54 million. Ambarella had a return on equity of 13.70% and a net margin of 18.47%. Ambarella’s quarterly revenue was up 12.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.34 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts predict that  Ambarella, Inc. will post $2.07 earnings per share for the current year. 
Ambarella declared that its Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program on Tuesday, June 6th that allows the company to buyback $50.00 million in  outstanding  shares. This buyback authorization allows the semiconductor company to reacquire up to 2.5% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares buyback programs are usually an indication that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) Shares Sold by Sit Investment Associates Inc.” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/ambarella-inc-nasdaqamba-shares-sold-by-sit-investment-associates-inc.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Vetr lowered Ambarella from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $62.50 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $64.00 price objective (down from $65.00) on shares of Ambarella in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. Needham & Company LLC  reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Ambarella in a research note on Friday, June 9th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Ambarella from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, June 9th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $72.00 price objective on shares of Ambarella in a research note on Wednesday, June 7th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned  a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $67.88.
In other Ambarella news, insider Leslie Kohn sold 5,973 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.77, for a total transaction of $291,303.21. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 904,530 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $44,113,928.10. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CFO George Laplante sold 4,836 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.77, for a total value of $235,851.72. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 100,848 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,918,356.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 23,963 shares of company stock worth $1,168,676. 5.80% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Ambarella
Ambarella, Inc offers semiconductor processing solutions for video that enable high-definition (HD), video capture, sharing and display. The Company operates through the development and sale of low-power, high-definition video products segment. Its system-on-a-chip designs incorporate HD video processing, image processing, audio processing and system functions onto a single chip.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AMBA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA).







Receive News & Ratings for Ambarella Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ambarella Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































	About










































































































Skip to Content









It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.








Email Address




















Breadcrumb

Illinois.govAbout







About











Page Content
 Land of Lincoln The name "Illinois" comes from a Native American word meaning "tribe of superior men." Louis Joliet and Father Marquette were the first Europeans to arrive in Illinois in 1673. Illinois became a state on December 3, 1818 and was the 21st state to enter the Union. The state motto is "State Sovereignty, National Union." Illinois is the fifth most populous state in the country with almost 12.9 million people. Abraham Lincoln and three other U.S. Presidents have called Illinois home, including Ulysses S. Grant, Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama. The General Assembly adopted the state slogan, "Land of Lincoln" in 1955. Springfield is the state capital and home to more Abraham Lincoln sites than any other place in the United States, including the Lincoln Home National Historic Site, Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum, Old State Capitol, Lincoln Tomb State Historic Site, and Lincoln-Herndon Law Office. 































Services
It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.



It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.








Search Services











Agencies
It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.



It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.








Search Agencies











Latest News









Search News























































