










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















PRANA INTERACTIVE INC New York NY, 10016 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Business Services
Prana Interactive Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Prana Interactive Inc



435 5th Ave

New York,
							
							
							 NY
							
							
							 10016-2208
							
							 |  view map


(646) 233-8031

www.digitamite.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

PRANA INTERACTIVE INC is in the Computer Processing and Data Preparation and Processing Services industry in New York, NY.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Computer Processing and Data Preparation and Processing Services
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2012
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records

Yes



Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Walbro


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Coats Electric CO Inc


Ideal Construction CO


Hammer & CO


Barnes & Noble


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Prana Interactive Inc
Rate Prana Interactive Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Prana Interactive Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLTAIRE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOGUE
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VUDEN INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

CONTORNO INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
GOODY 2 SHOES
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
ADVENT I LLC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
L & L MACHINE TOOL

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
PANALPINA INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
STINGER WELDING INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
AZURADISC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Prana Interactive Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:33 AM ET
Media

Company Overview of Prana Interactive Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Prana Interactive Inc. provides digital marketing services. It offers content marketing and management services, including influencer scoring, publisher outreach, storytelling and buzz building, and search engine optimization services; and social media marketing services. It also offers software licensing services for content marketing networks. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in New York, New York.


435 Fifth AvenuePenthouseNew York, NY 10016United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 212-706-2301

www.pranainteractive.com







Key Executives for Prana Interactive Inc.




Mr. Peter Brown


      	Founder and Chief Executive Officer 
      








Mr. Daniel Sayer


      	Partner and Vice President 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 11, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Prana Interactive Inc., please visit www.pranainteractive.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












PRANA INTERACTIVE INC. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      PRANA INTERACTIVE INC.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Prana Interactive is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-11.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from PRANA INTERACTIVE INC., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




prana interactive inc.


435 FIFTH AVENUE, PENTHOUSE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10016


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-706-2301







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 10/11/2016
D filed on 03/23/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-11
D
OTHER

      Equity
    
200,000
0
200,000


2015-03-23
D
OTHER

      Equity
    
827,546
227,546
600,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ALEXANDER   STONE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



PETER   BROWN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















PRANA INTERACTIVE INC. reviews and reputation check


























Prana Interactive Inc.Reputation score

100%
Excellent



                        RepScore reflects the overall reputation rank (from 0 to 100%) for a given company, brand, or website, calculated automatically by our proprietary formula                    
What is it?





Rate this business
















Menu


Comments
Company profile
Country Affiliation
Search engines
News
Ratings









About this report

                    This report was last updated on                     03 January 2017                    
                     If you feel it's outdated or incorrect, please 
                    report incorrect listing 












Recent Businesses

ANJA BOUTIQUEITRADERFINRIFT INCACG PRORELSYS PVT LTDPRIORITY ONE PUBLICATIONS LLCFBAFORWARD.COMLINKLIFTINGBUILD MY PLAYSCREDICOLEARN TO TRADE PTY LTD 




Recent Persons

TONI ASTALAFEDERICO HIDALGOPETER HOLZWORTHALFRED LODATISENAIDA ANGELJAMES R LAPANNICK HAYSBRENT ENGELHARDTREGINALD ROBINSONSARAH WENGER 




Get a site badge
Place a badge on your website to gain your visitors' confidence and increase sales.





















Prana Interactive Inc.
No reviews yet. Add your review below













Prana Interactive Inc.  is a corporation company. Prana Interactive Inc.'s reputation score is 100%, which is excellent.                    



  Please, check your email to confirm subscription!




Interested in this listing?
 

Subscribe for updates 

 











Add your review about Prana Interactive Inc.





  



 




 


Add your email to be notified about new comments and updates for this company
 







 






 





Submit








×
Report this business!




Help others with your comment
Your comment is optional








 

   
Send us a comment about Prana Interactive Inc.


 
Email (optional)Add your email to be notified about new comments and updates for this company




Send report >>















Prana Interactive Inc. Contact Details

Company ID
5617849


Incorporation Date
08 October 2014















 







Company Profile
TypeCorporation


Employees

BUSINESS FILINGS INCORPORATED, agent 



  




 




 

Add 

 




 




Country affiliation








United States


 100%













Possible negative reviews and complaints for Prana Interactive Inc.


SEC FORM D - Securities and Exchange Commission 
Mar 20, 2015 ... Name of Issuer. Prana Interactive Inc. Street Address 1, Street Address 2. 435 
 FIFTH AVENUE, PENTHOUSE. City, State/Province/Country, ZIP/ ... Source

EDGAR Filing Documents for 0001637282-15-000001 
Prana Interactive Inc. (Filer) CIK : 0001637282 (see all company filings). IRS No. : 
 472096208 | State of Incorp.: DE | Fiscal Year End: 1231. Type: D | Act: 33 ... Source

 









Advanced web search

 Search Twitter for negatives
            

 Search Facebook for negatives
            













Prana Interactive Inc. News


Prana Interactive Inc.: Private Company Information - BloombergPrana Interactive Inc. provides digital marketing services. It offers content 
 marketing and management services, including influencer scoring, publisher 
 outreach, ...Source 










Web ratings


 Prana Interactive Inc. has found on

 Google : 4.9 









Not a company you are looking for?




Companies



Persons



Phones




 








×
Update page



 

 Close&nbsp&nbspUpdate 





































Report a new company


