


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Global Investors - What's Driving Gold?


























What’s Driving Gold Today?





Cause
Effects
Possible Ramifications



Low or Negative Interest Rates
When real interest rates are low (or negative), investors turn away from paper assets with declining value and turn toward assets with real value, like gold. 
More Demand for Gold
Higher Gold Prices


Central Bank Policy
For the past several years, central banks around the world have switched from being net sellers to net buyers of gold.
Gold Viewed as Currency
Higher Gold Prices


Growth in World Money Supply
Central banks around the world are focused on stimulative monetary policies to encourage growth.
Declining Confidence in Paper Money
Higher Gold Prices


Lack of New Discoveries in Gold Mines
Gold miners have experienced increased labor costs and taxes, resulting in a higher replacement cost per ounce of gold.
Stagnant Production and Reduced Supply
Higher Gold Prices


China and India “Chindia” Have Strong Cultural Affinity for Gold
Growing middle classes in the world’s most populous countries fuel gold buying for weddings and seasonal gifts.
Increased Spending Power Correlated with Gold Buying 
Higher Gold Prices


There is no guarantee that factors described above will result in higher gold prices.

Show me how to open an account







See how the World Precious Minerals Fund (UNWPX) has been outshining its benchmark.




Show me how to open an account










Performance always matters
The World Precious Minerals Fund gives investors increased exposure to “junior” and “intermediate” mining companies that explore new mine deposits around the world for added growth potential.





 World Precious Minerals Fund




Overall/70






3-Year/70






5-Year/66



10-Year/45



Morningstar ratings based on risk-adjusted return and number of funds
                Category: Equity Precious Metals
                Through: June 30, 2017
Show me how to open an account







Total Annualized Returns as of 06/30/2017



One-Year
Five-Year
Ten-Year
Gross Expense Ratio


World Precious Minerals Fund (UNWPX)
-19.09%
-8.55%
-5.98%
2.10%


NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index
-19.61%
-11.99%
-4.09%
n/a



Expense ratios as stated in the most recent prospectus. The Adviser of the World Precious Minerals Fund has voluntarily limited total fund operating expenses (exclusive of acquired fund fees and expenses of 0.11%, extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage commissions and interest, and advisory fee performance adjustments) to not exceed 1.90%. With the voluntary expense waiver amount of 0.04%, total annual expenses after reimbursement were 1.95%. U.S. Global Investors, Inc. can modify or terminate the voluntary limit at any time, which may lower a fund’s yield or return.

Performance data quoted above is historical. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Results reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings. For a portion of periods, the fund had expense limitations, without which returns would have been lower. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted. The principal value and investment return of an investment will fluctuate so that your shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance does not include the effect of any direct fees described in the fund’s prospectus which, if applicable, would lower your total returns. Performance quoted for periods of one year or less is cumulative and not annualized. Obtain performance data current to the most recent month-end at www.usfunds.com or 1-800-US-FUNDS. 
Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by visiting www.usfunds.com or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser.
Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Diversification does not protect an investor from market risks and does not assure a profit.
The NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index is a modified market capitalization weighted index comprised of publicly traded companies involved primarily in the mining for gold and silver.  The index benchmark value was 500.0 at the close of trading on December 20, 2002.
        
Morningstar Ratings are based on risk-adjusted return. The Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Past performance does not guarantee future results. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Ratingä based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) 
























Frank Talk, a CEO Blog by Frank Holmes - U.S. Global Investors































  















U.S. Global Investors
U.S. Global Investors



Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn



Larger Text
Smaller Text
Reset


Home
Press Center
Sitemap
Contact Us













Open A New Account




About Us

Our Team
Career Opportunities
Investor Relations
Our Investment Process
Our Causes
Contact Us
Connect With Us
 
Mutual Funds

Our Mutual Funds
Fund Performance
Prospectus
 
ETFs
Investor Library

Frank Talk
Investor Alert
Webcasts
Publications
Videos
Interactive Favorites
 
Advisors
Investing With Us

How to Invest
Prospectus
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Tax Help Center
Contact a Service Representative
 
Access My Account






Be informed of the market’s most important moves when you read the Investor Alert. Read it now
Subscribe to Investor Alert now

Frank Talk, a CEO Blog by Frank Holmes







 
Home » Investor Library » Frank Talk




Share this page with your friends:
Print







Email












All
Airline Industry
China, India & Asia
Economy & Markets
Emerging Europe
Emerging Markets
Energy & Natural Resources
Gold
Infrastructure
Odds & Ends




Please note: The Frank Talk articles listed below contain historical material. The data provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in these presentations, please visit the appropriate fund performance page.


“Mother of All Bubbles” Keeps Gold in Focus
July 24, 2017

Today I want to discuss reports that global debt levels are at all-time highs, and what this means for your investment decisions going forward.
But first, a few comments about last week. I recently returned from the Oxford Club’s Private Wealth Seminar, held at the historic Grand Hotel on Michigan’s Mackinac Island. The hotel, which some of you might remember as the setting for the 1980 film “Somewhere in Time,” starring Christopher Reeve and Jane Seymour, took a mere 93 days to build in the 1880s—impossible by today’s standards, especially when you consider that it boasts the world’s largest front porch at 660 feet.
While there, I had the privilege of catching up with some old friends and contacts, including Alex Green, the Oxford Club’s chief investment strategist. You might have read some of his wonderful work for Investment U, the group’s educational arm.
Alex reminded me over lunch that the difference between Democrats and Republicans, in his view, is that Democrats are for personal freedom and some economic restrictions, while Republicans are for economic freedom and some personal restrictions.
I prefer to focus on policies instead of partisan politics, but Alex has a point. I’m convinced that Donald Trump, a Republican, won the presidential election because his pledge to reform the tax code and deregulate resonated with both white-collar and blue-collar Americans who felt as if the U.S. economy was no longer working for them. U.S. corporate taxes are among the highest in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), spurring large multinationals to move operations overseas, and out-of-control regulations threaten to strangle business growth.
But just as Green insinuated, the Trump administration has enacted, or has hinted at enacting, policies that rankle Americans of all political stripes, precisely because they could be used to encroach upon personal liberties.
Take Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ recent decision to strengthen the government’s ability to seize private property from suspected criminals. (The operative word here is “suspected.”) Many now are arguing this directive could be abused by police and other officials. It could, in fact, violate the Fourth Amendment, which of course protects Americans against “unreasonable searches and seizures.”
This is just one among numerous policy-making decisions that have members of both political parties, as well as independents, scratching their heads. Trump was elected to reform taxes, slash regulations and generally make business and capital formation run more smoothly. It’s unclear how private-asset seizures fit into that picture.
If this administration resolved to stay on message and on course, and worked to bring fiscal relief to everyday Americans, it might receive greater support from those who voted for Trump—and perhaps even from those who didn’t.
U.S. Dollar in Bear Market, a Boon for Gold
Since the start of the year, the five-year Treasury yield, adjusted for inflation, has risen about 150 percent. Normally this would put remarkable pressure on the price of gold—higher yields raise the opportunity cost of buying gold—but over the same period, the U.S. dollar has steadily weakened and is now officially in a bear market. Because gold is priced in dollars, this has been supportive for prices. Year-to-date, the yellow metal is up more than 8 percent.

click to enlarge
As I said, the greenback’s been on the decline for most of the year so far, but it slumped to a 13-month low against the euro last week following European Central Bank (ECB) president Mario Draghi’s remark that “monetary accommodation” would continue in the European Union (EU) until at least the end of the year.









“We need to be persistent and patient and prudent, because we’re not there yet,” Draghi said, referring to the fact that EU inflation and wage growth have been disappointingly slow, despite the bloc’s economic recovery since the financial crisis. (Indeed, the June purchasing manager’s indexes for emerging European markets were all above the key 50 mark for the first time in recent memory.)
UBS: We’re Still Constructive on Gold
That gold is still holding at its current level—despite rising rates, despite a stock market that continues to rally—is “encouraging.”
That’s one of the key takeaways from a UBS note last week, in which the Swiss financial services firm maintains its constructive view of the yellow metal. Investor demand this year has been slower than expected, but UBS analyst Joni Teves makes the case that expectations of a good monsoon season in India this summer could help push consumption in the world’s second-largest importer of gold to a new record high by the end of the year. With India having imported a phenomenal 525 metric tons in the first half of 2017 alone, Teves writes that “we expect gold demand in India this year to be around historic averages,” which would be very supportive for prices.
ETPs Attracted a Record $245 Billion in the First Half of 2017
Like gold in India, exchange-traded products (ETPs) also had a knockout first half. As Deutsche Bank reports, ETPs attracted a record $245 billion in the first six months of 2017, in what has historically been the weaker half of the year. To put into perspective just how impressive this figure is, $245 billion would be the second-largest full-year record amount following 2016’s $283 billion. We could see ETP inflows climb as high as $500 billion by the end of this year, Deutsche estimates.

click to enlarge
Of course, runaway demand for ETPs and other risk assets has contributed to muted interest in gold.
Having said that, though, BullionVault—the world’s number one online precious metals market—reported recently that private gold holdings among its users leaped to a record 38 metric tons, as of the beginning of July. That’s enough gold to make more than 10 million 18-carat wedding rings, BullionVault says, or to supply the microchips for 1.5 billion iPhones. The site points out that investor demand has lately been driven by lower prices, following three months of “light liquidation.”
Global Debt on Alert
All of what I’ve said so far pertains to the near-term. Gold’s medium- to long-term investment case, I believe, looks even brighter. Many unsettling risks loom on the horizon—not least of which is a record amount of global debt—that could potentially spell trouble for the investor who hasn’t adequately prepared with some allocation in a “safe haven.”
According to the highly-respected Institute of International Finance (IIF), global debt levels reached an astronomical $217 trillion in the first quarter of 2017—that’s 327 percent of world gross domestic product (GDP). Notice that before the financial crisis, global debt was “only” around $150 trillion, meaning we’ve added close to $120 trillion in as little as a decade. Much of the leveraging occurred in emerging markets, specifically China, which is spending big on international infrastructure projects.

click to enlarge
It goes without saying that this is a huge risk. Some are calling this mountain of debt “the mother of all bubbles,” and we all remember how the last two bubbles ended, in 2000 (the tech or dotcom bubble) and 2007 (the housing bubble).
Paying down this debt will not be easy. As Scotiabank mentioned in a note last week: “Higher interest rates are going to make the burden of refinancing the debt considerably heavier, and as more money goes into servicing the debt, it means less money is available to spend on other things, which could lead to less infrastructure spending and increased austerity.”
Add to this the fact that global pension levels are also sharply on the rise, with people living longer and population growth—and therefore workforce growth—slowing in many advanced economies. In May, the World Economic Forum (WEF) estimated that by 2050, the size of the retirement savings gap—unfunded pensions, in other words—could be as much as $400 trillion, an unimaginably large number.
The U.S. alone adds about $3 trillion every year to the pension deficit. I shared with you earlier in the month that the State of Illinois’s unfunded pensions could be as high as $250 billion, putting each Illinoisan on the hook for $56,000.
Central banks’ efforts to promote economic growth through monetary easing haven’t exactly been a raging success, nor can they continue forever. Plus, near-zero interest rates are precisely what encouraged such inflated levels of borrowing in the first place.
You can probably tell where I’m headed with all of this. Another crisis could be in the works. Savvy investors and savers might very well see this as a sign to allocate a part of their portfolios in “safe haven” assets that have historically held their value in times of economic contraction.
Gold is one such asset that’s been a good store of value in such times, and gold stocks have tended to outperform the yellow metal as production costs have fallen, according to Seabridge Gold. I always recommend a 10 percent weighting in gold—5 percent in bars and coins; 5 percent in gold stocks, mutual funds or ETFs.
Explore investment opportunities in gold and precious metals and mining!
 
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor. By clicking the link(s) above, you will be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
The Purchasing Manager’s Index is an indicator of the economic health of the manufacturing sector. The PMI index is based on five major indicators: new orders, inventory levels, production, supplier deliveries and the employment environment.
Holdings may change daily. Holdings are reported as of the most recent quarter-end. The following securities mentioned in the commentary were held by one or more accounts managed by U.S. Global Investors as of 6/30/2017: Seabridge Gold.


Share ““Mother of All Bubbles” Keeps Gold in Focus”






Email




How to Get a Better Bargain on Your Investment with Emerging Europe
July 20, 2017

American equities have been a good place to invest during the current bull market, now in its eighth year. Since the November election, the S&P 500 Index has surged close to 16 percent. But this means that valuations continue to creep up, and political risk threatens to derail further gains as President Donald Trump’s high-growth agenda stumbles on even more roadblocks.
Investors might therefore be looking for an alternative. I believe one of the most attractive destinations for your investment dollars right now is emerging European countries. Below you can see a valuation comparison between U.S. and emerging European equities. Trading at 9.2 times earnings, the latter are offering quite a bargain for investors seeking a “better bang for the buck.”

click to enlarge
More than that, though, “core” Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) countries—including Poland, the Czech Republic, Romania and Hungary—are currently among the fastest growing in the world. In a recent series on the region, the Financial Times put it succinctly: “The former communist countries that have joined the European Union (EU) since 2004 offer superior growth to western Europe and many other emerging markets, combined with the benefits and protections of EU membership.”
Expectations for economic growth in CEE countries have changed rapidly and positively. The consensus forecast is now 2.5 percent growth this year, 0.3 percent points higher than expectations near the beginning of the year.
Next year could be even brighter, with analysts expecting 2.6 percent growth, 0.1 percentage point higher than earlier forecasts. Stronger-than-expected external demand in Western Europe, a tighter labor market, an attractive environment for foreign investment, government stimulus measures, easy financing conditions and the revival of EU structural funds are all supporting stronger growth in the region.
Manufacturing Continues to Strengthen
Loyal readers of Frank Talk know that we closely follow the purchasing manager’s index (PMI), which measures the strength of a country’s manufacturing industry. We’ve found it to be not only a handy gauge of future commodities demand but also a country’s or region’s economic growth potential.  
For the first time in recent memory, most emerging European economies’ PMIs are above the key 50 mark that separates growth from contraction. Greece rose from 49.6 in May to 50.5 in June, the first time its manufacturing sector was in expansion mode in nearly a year.

click to enlarge
Russia grew at a much slower pace in June, however, with its PMI falling to 50.3, just above the threshold. But as I shared with you this week, Capital Economics analysts believe Russian growth in the coming quarters “will be stronger than most anticipate,” with the Central Bank of Russia loosening monetary policy even further.
The fact that all CEE countries are above 50 points to synchronized growth. It also suggests that the worst of the region’s economic woes following the global recession might finally be in the rearview mirror.
Poland the Next “Economic Powerhouse”?
Writing recently for the New York Times’ opinions section, Ruchier Sharma, Morgan Stanley Investment Management’s chief global strategist, singled out Poland as the world’s likeliest next advanced economy, following South Korea’s entry into the high-income club 20 years ago.
I have to agree. As Sharma points out, Poland has seen average annual growth of 4 percent since 1991, the year it transitioned from communism to democracy. During that period, it hasn’t had a single down year, amazingly enough.
The Polish economy continued to grow at an annual rate of nearly 4 percent in the second quarter, as suggested by the May retail sales and industrial output data. According to mBank analysts, fiscal-year growth will slightly exceed 4 percent, driven by public investments recovery and persistently strong consumption. The real retail sales growth in the second quarter held close to the prior-quarter level, which means that consumption growth should remain at around 5 percent, mBank estimates.
Poland’s impressive ascent should only help strengthen other CEE countries, both economically and politically. Its president, Andrzej Duda, seems fully aware of this and has taken several important strides to improve not just Poland’s economy but the region’s as well. The Three Seas Initiative, spearheaded last year by Duda and Croatian president Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovi?, seeks to connect the economies and infrastructure of 12 CEE countries between the Adriatic, Baltic and Black Seas. A number of EU officials see the Initiative as a threat to the EU bloc’s unity, which might be partially why President Trump agreed to meet with Initiative members when he visited Poland last month.

Stocks on the Rise
Also contributing to CEE growth right now is the steadily weakening U.S. dollar, as Reuters reports. Prague stocks rose to a seven-week high this week, while Hungary’s Budapest Stock Exchange Index (BUX) continues to hit new all-time highs.

click to enlarge
Speaking of Hungary, its government is considering whether to lower personal income taxes to 10 percent from the current 15 percent. This would be a major boost to Hungarians’ disposable income, which is already rising at a breathtaking pace. Wage growth in April was an amazing 14.6 percent.
Again, the CEE region looks more and more like a good place to invest, not least of which because of its attractive discount to American equities.
Explore investment opportunities in emerging Europe!
 
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor. By clicking the link(s) above, you will be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
The Purchasing Manager’s Index is an indicator of the economic health of the manufacturing sector. The PMI index is based on five major indicators: new orders, inventory levels, production, supplier deliveries and the employment environment.
The S&P 500 Stock Index is a widely recognized capitalization-weighted index of 500 common stock prices in U.S. companies.
The MSCI Emerging Markets Europe Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the emerging markets countries of Europe (Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Russia, and Turkey).
The Budapest Stock Exchange Index is a capitalization-weightedindex adjusted for free float. The index tracks the daily price only performance of large, actively traded shares on the Budapest Stock Exchange.


Share “How to Get a Better Bargain on Your Investment with Emerging Europe”






Email




Russia Collusion Story: A Big “Nothing Burger” or a Case for Gold?
July 17, 2017

Gold got a boost Friday on weaker-than-expected inflation and retail sales figures, casting doubt on the Federal Reserve’s ability to continue normalizing interest rates this year.
Consumer prices rose slightly in June, at their slowest pace so far this year. The consumer price index (CPI), released on Friday, showed the cost of living in America rising only 1.6 percent compared to the same month last year, significantly down from the most recent high of 2.8 percent in February and below the Fed’s target of 2 percent. Much of the decline was due to energy prices, which fell 1.6 percent from May.

click to enlarge
As I’ve explained elsewhere, CPI is an important economic indicator for gold investors to track. The yellow metal has historically responded positively when inflation rises—and especially when it pushes the yield on a government bond into negative territory. Why lock your money up in a 2-year or 5-year Treasury that’s guaranteed to give you a negative yield?









But right now the gold Fear Trade is being supported by what some are calling turmoil in the Trump administration. Last week the Russia collusion story took a new twist, with emails surfacing showing that Donald Trump Jr.; Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and now-senior advisor; and former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort all agreed to meet with a Russian lawyer last summer under the pretext that she had dirt on Hillary Clinton.
Whether or not this meeting is “collusion” is not for me to say, but the optics of it certainly look bad, and it threatens to undermine the president’s agenda even more. For the first time last week, an article of impeachment was formally introduced on the House floor that accuses Trump of obstructing justice. The article is unlikely to go very far in the Republican-controlled House, but it adds further uncertainty to Trump’s ability to achieve some of his goals, including tax reform and infrastructure spending. I’ll have more to say on this later
A Contrarian View of China
A new report from CLSA shows that Asian markets and Europe were the top performers during the first six months of the year. Korea took the top spot, surging more than 25 percent, followed closely by China.

click to enlarge
Despite persistent negative “news” about China in the mainstream media, conditions in the world’s second-largest economy are improving. Consumption is up and household income remains strong. The number of high net worth individuals (HNWIs) in China—those with at least 10 million renminbi ($1.5 million) in investable income—rose to 1.6 million last year, about nine times the number only 10 years ago. It’s estimated we could see as many as 1.87 million Chinese HNWIs by the end of 2017.
According to CLSA, global trade is robust, with emerging markets, and particularly China, driving most of the acceleration this year. In the first three months of 2017, global trade grew 4 percent compared to the same period last year, its fastest pace since 2011.
“Indeed the early months of 2017 have seen China become easily the biggest single country driver of Asian trade growth,” writes Eric Fishwick, head of economic research at CLSA.
A lot of this growth can be attributed to Beijing’s monumental One Belt, One Road infrastructure project, which I’ve highlighted many times before. But according to Alexious Lee, CLSA’s head of China industrial research, a “more nationalist America” in the first six months of the year has likely given China more leverage to assume “a larger global, and especially regional, leadership role.”
This comports with what I said back in January, in a Frank Talk titled “China Sets the Stage to Replace the U.S. as Global Trade Leader.” With President Donald Trump having already withdrawn the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and promising to renegotiate or tear up other trade agreements—he recently tweeted that the U.S. has “made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history”—China has emerged, amazingly, as a champion of free trade, a position of power it will likely continue to capitalize on.
The country’s overseas construction orders have continued to expand, with agreements signed since 2013 valued at more than $600 billion.

click to enlarge
Interested in investment opportunities in China and the surrounding region? Click here!  
 
Emerging Europe Expected to Remain Strong
Another recent report, this one from Capital Economics, shows that the investment case for emerging Europe remains strong in 2017. Russia is expected to strengthen over the next 12 months, while Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia are likely to remain attractive.
“Russia’s economy has pulled out of recession and growth in the coming quarters will be stronger than most anticipate,” the research firm writes, adding that its central bank’s loosening of monetary policy should support the recovery even further.
To be sure, the region faces strong headwinds, including a rapidly aging population and the loss of an estimated 20 million skilled workers to foreign markets over the past 25 years, according to a July 11 presentation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
But I believe that as conditions in central emerging Europe countries continue to improve, many of those workers will be returning home. Life in the region is not the same as it was 10 or 20 years ago, when good jobs might have been scarce. Firms are now growing at a healthy rate and hiring more workers. As you can see below, unemployment rates in Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic have been falling steadily since at least 2012 and are now lower than the broader European Union.    

click to enlarge
This strength is reflected in emerging Europe’s capital markets. For the 12-month period as of July 12, Hungary’s Budapest Stock Exchange is up 38 percent. Poland’s WIG20 is up more than 43 percent. Meanwhile, the STOXX Europe 600 Index—which includes some of the largest Western European companies—has made gains of only 17 percent over the same period.
Learn more about investment opportunities in emerging Europe by clicking here!  
 
Markets Still Believe in Trump
As we all know, the mainstream media’s criticism and ire aren’t reserved for China alone. Ninety-nine percent of the media right now is against President Trump, for a number of reasons—some of them deserved, some of them not.
Markets, however, seem not to care what the media or polls have to say. The Dow Jones Industrial Average continues to hit new all-time highs. Even though it’s stalled a few times, the “Trump rally” appears to be in full-speed-ahead mode, more than eight months after the election.
Back in November, I wrote about one of my favorite books, James Surowiecki’s The Wisdom of Crowds, which argues that large groups of people will nearly always be smarter and better at making predictions than an “elite” few. Surowiecki’s ideas were vindicated last year when investors accurately predicted Trump’s election, with markets turning negative between July 31 and October 31.
For the same reason, I think it’s important we pay close attention to what markets are forecasting today.
The White House is under siege on multiple fronts, which, as I said, has been positive for gold’s Fear Trade. But equity investors also seem to like the direction Trump is taking, whether it’s pushing for tax reform and deregulation or shaking up the “beltway party,” composed of deeply entrenched D.C. lobbyists and career bureaucrats. Just last week, the president made waves for firing a number of bureaucrats at the Department of Veteran Affairs (VA), long plagued by scandal and controversy. Since he took office in January, Trump has told more than 500 VA workers “You’re fired!”   
The Fundamentals of “Quantamental”
Of course, we look at so much more than government policy when making investment decisions. We take a blended approach of not only assessing fundamentals such as market share and returns on capital but also conducting quantitative analysis.
It’s this combination that some in the industry are calling “quantamental” investing. At first glance, “quantamental” might sound like nothing more than cute wordplay—not unlike “labsky,” “bullmation” and other clever names we give mixed-breed dogs—but it’s rapidly replacing traditional investment strategies at the institutional level.
Business Insider puts it in simple terms: “Quantamental managers combine the bottom-up stock-picking skills of fundamental investors with the use of computing power and big-data sets to test their hypotheses.”
See my Vancouver Investment Conference presentation, “What’s Driving Gold: The Invasion of the Quants,” to learn more about how we use quantitative analysis, machine learning and data mining.
Wall Street: The Birthplace of American Capitalism and Government

The concept of quantamentals helps explain our entry into smart-factor ETFs. As most of you already know, members of my team and I visited the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) three weeks ago to mark the launch of our latest ETF.
While there, Doug Yones, head of exchange-traded products at the NYSE, gave us a short history lesson about the exchange and surrounding area.
Most investors are aware that the NYSE, which is celebrating its 225th anniversary this year, is the epicenter of capitalism—not just in the U.S. but also globally.

What many people might not realize is that on the site where the exchange now stands, Alexander Hamilton, the first U.S. treasury secretary, floated bonds to replace the debt the nascent country had incurred during the Revolutionary War.
Right next door to the NYSE is Federal Hall, where George Washington took his first oath of office in April 1789. The building today serves as a museum and memorial to the first U.S. president, whose statue now looks out over Wall Street and its passersby.
In this one single block of Wall Street, therefore, American capitalism and government were born. Here you can find the essential DNA of the American experiment, which, over the many years, has fostered our entrepreneurial spirit to form capital and to create new businesses and jobs. Growth, innovation and competition run through our veins, and that’s largely because of the events that unfolded centuries ago at the NYSE and Federal Hall.
For more insight and commentary like this, subscribe to my award-winning CEO blog, Frank Talk.
 
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor. By clicking the link(s) above, you will be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
The Consumer Price Index (CPI) is one of the most widely recognized price measures for tracking the price of a market basket of goods and services purchased by individuals.  The weights of components are based on consumer spending patterns.
The Budapest Stock Exchange Index is a capitalization-weighted index adjusted for free float. The index tracks the daily price-only performance of large, actively traded shares on the Budapest Stock Exchange. The WIG20 Index is a modified capitalization-weighted index of 20 Polish stocks which are listed on the main market. The STOXX Europe 600 Index is derived from the STOXX Europe Total Market Index (TMI) and is a subset of the STOXX Global 1800 Index. With a fixed number of 600 components, the STOXX Europe 600 Index represents large, mid and small capitalization companies across 18 countries of the European region: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 blue chip stocks that are generally leaders in their industry.


Share “Russia Collusion Story: A Big “Nothing Burger” or a Case for Gold?”






Email




Commodities Halftime Report: Separating the Wheat from the Chaff
July 10, 2017

Of the 14 commodities we track closely at U.S. Global Investors, wheat rose to take the top spot for the first half of 2017, returning more than 25 percent. The grain was followed closely by palladium—used primarily in the production of catalytic converters—which gained 24 percent.

click to enlarge
To view our ever-popular, interactive Periodic Table of Commodity Returns, click here.
Between the start of the year and June 30, the Bloomberg Commodity Index contracted 4.03 percent, with energy weighing down on the mostly strong performances of precious and industrial metals and agriculturals.
Contributing to metals’ gains was U.S. dollar weakness. During the first six months, the greenback lost 7.54 percent, responding partially to President Donald Trump’s comment in April that the dollar was “getting too strong.”
More recently, the president tweeted his thoughts on gas prices, which he pointed out were “the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years” for the July Fourth holiday. “I would like to see them go even lower,” he added.
Trump Goes to Warsaw
Speaking of Trump, I feel as if he has represented the U.S. and its values admirably during his visit to Europe last week. His speech in Warsaw sought to strengthen ties between America and Poland, which the New York Times just named the “next economic powerhouse.”

Trump drew attention to a danger that’s “invisible” yet every bit as dangerous as terrorism and extremism—namely, “the steady creep of government bureaucracy that drains the vitality and wealth of the people.”
The U.S. and Poland “became great not because of paperwork and regulations,” the president said, “but because people were allowed to chase their dreams and pursue their destinies.”
This is the Trump I believe voters elected last November. If he were only able to stay on message and give his Twitter account a rest, he might more easily help engender and inspire an environment that better reflects the vision he described to his Polish audience.
I’m also encouraged by his first one-on-one meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin. From what I’ve read, it sounds as if the two leaders managed to make some progress on Syria, with both sides agreeing to cooperate in maintaining “safe zones.”
Oil Embroiled
Regarding lower gas prices, Trump just might get his wish. Having fallen 14.30 percent in the first six months, oil is currently underperforming its price action of the past four years.

click to enlarge
Much of the thanks for oil’s slump goes to U.S. shale producers, which were quick to reactivate dormant rigs following the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries’ (OPEC) December announcement that it would be cutting production. As a result, the market is awash in black gold. In May, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) estimated that domestic output should average 9.3 million barrels a day this year and nearly 10 million in 2018, a level unseen in the U.S. since 1970.
West Texas Intermediate (WTI) popped above $47 a barrel last week, however, on news that oil and gas inventories in the U.S. dropped sharply the previous week. What’s more, the number of active North American oil rigs fell by two in the week ended June 30, from 758 to 756 rigs, the first such contraction since January, according to the Baker Hughes Rig Count.
Although constructive, there’s still quite a bit of terrain to cover before oil reaches the low- to mid-$50s we saw at the start of the year.
Where’s the Wheat?
As I told you back in May, the U.S. reclaimed its longstanding title as the world’s number one wheat exporter this year, displacing Russia, whose weak currency gave the Eastern European country a competitive advantage.
We might soon slip to second place yet again, for two primary reasons: 1) low U.S. wheat plantings and 2) severe droughts and unexpectedly hot weather conditions in the Northern Plains.
According to a March report from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), American farmers just aren’t planting wheat like they used to. Not only are we seeing shrinkage in the acreage devoted to the amber grain—more and more farmers are switching to soybeans—but wheat seedings are down for a second straight year. The USDA, in fact, estimates them to be at their lowest level ever since records began nearly 100 years ago in 1919.
As to the second point, severe to extreme hot and dry weather conditions in the Northern Plains—specifically in areas of Montana and the Dakotas—are putting wheat (and corn) on the defensive. According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, parts of Montana just experienced their driest May and June in 99 years and the driest January through June since 1983. Last week alone, temperatures in the region surged into the 90s and 100s, about 15 to 20 degrees above the norm. These conditions are expected to persist for several more weeks.

click to enlarge
Supply constraints have pushed the grain up 25 percent so far this year to a nearly two-year high. A bushel now costs a little over $5, but some analysts see it rising above $6 and $7.
Precious Metals Continue to Shine
Also benefiting from limited supply is silver, which climbed nearly 4.5 percent as of June 30. The Silver Institute reported in May that global silver mine production in 2016 declined for the first time in 14 years on lower-than-expected output from lead, zinc and gold projects. World supply decreased 0.6 percent year-over-year, or about 32.6 million ounces.
Meanwhile, silver’s use in solar photovoltaic (PV) cells hit a new record high last year, further boosting demand. As I shared with you in May, solar ranked as the number one source of new electric generating capacity in the U.S. in 2016, followed by natural gas and wind.
In the first half of 2017, palladium, the silvery-white metal used in the production of catalytic converters, has surged to a 16-year high on speculative demand.

click to enlarge
At first blush, this trade might seem counterintuitive. After all, gas-powered vehicles, which use catalytic converters to control emissions, are expected to be surpassed in sales by electric vehicles, which do not require palladium, as early as 2040. Volvo just announced that it would completely phase out gas-only vehicles by 2019. Meanwhile, Tesla’s first mass-market battery electric vehicle (BEV) finally hit production last week.
Driving palladium’s rally this year, though, are bets that European car buyers will soon be switching from diesel-burning to gas-burning cars because of emissions concerns.









Palladium—one of the rarest elements on earth and mined almost exclusively in Russia and South Africa—is the smallest precious metals market, making its prices particularly vulnerable to such speculative trading. It’s achieved near-price parity with its sister metal, platinum, for the first time in two decades.  
On the other end of the spectrum is gold, whose market is larger than many major global stock and bond markets. Those include U.K. gilts, German bunds, the FTSE 100 Index, the Hang Seng Index and others.
Up 7.75 percent in the first six months, gold was supported largely by strong demand in India as consumers made their purchases ahead of the government’s Goods and Services Tax (GST), in effect since July 1, which levies a 3 percent tax on gold.
The impact of the country’s demonetization in December is also still being felt, with Indians’ confidence in fiat currencies tested. I believe Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s scheme to combat black money and public corruption, while admirable, has only reinforced Indians’ faith in the yellow metal as a store of value.
With consumer prices in the U.S. possibly set to begin rising on President Trump’s more protectionist policies—once he can get them enacted—gold priced in dollars could also be headed higher.
The Road Ahead
There’s a lot we’ll be keeping our eyes on in the second half of the year. For one, look to India’s upcoming Diwali holiday and fourth-quarter wedding season, during which gold gift-giving is considered auspicious.
Earlier in the year, I was excited about Trump’s ambitious infrastructure agenda, which would have greatly boosted domestic demand for base metals and energy. But with the Senate still locked in negotiations over what to do about Obamacare, an infrastructure deal looks as if it’s months if not years away.
Finally, I think with Tesla firing up its Nevada-based Gigafactory, investors would be prudent to keep their eyes on aluminum, cobalt, nickel and especially copper, as electric vehicles use around three times as much of the red metal as conventional vehicles. Lithium, which I featured back in March, is also expected to be a beneficiary of the move to BEVs.
 
Explore investment opportunities in commodities and natural resources!  
 
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor. By clicking the link(s) above, you will be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
The Bloomberg Commodity Index is made up of 22 exchange-traded futures on physical commodities. The index represents 20 commodities, which are weighted to account for economic significance and market liquidity.
	The FTSE 100 Index is an index of the 100 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange with the highest market capitalization.
The Hang Seng Index is a capitalization-weighted index of 33 companies that represent approximately 70 percent of the total market capitalization of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.
The Baker Hughes North American rig count is released weekly at noon central time on the last day of the work week. 
Holdings may change daily. Holdings are reported as of the most recent quarter-end. None of the securities mentioned in the article were held by any accounts managed by U.S. Global Investors as of 3/31/2017.


Share “Commodities Halftime Report: Separating the Wheat from the Chaff”






Email




Investor Beware! What Does the Illinois Budget Crisis Mean for Your Bond Fund?
July 6, 2017

A recent Capital Economics (CE) report shines an unforgiving light on Illinois’ ongoing budget woes—and what it finds isn’t pretty. The crisis, which has affected every level of government in the state, is a cautionary tale for not only public spending run amok but also independent investors taking too large of a risk by seeking high yields.
The Land of Lincoln’s credit is already the lowest-rated in the union and, until recently, its debt came precariously close to being downgraded to “junk.” Were this to happen, it would become the first state ever to receive such an ignoble rating.
The state’s 10-year bond yield has soared in recent months, which might attract certain unwary speculators. It’s our belief, however, that such debt should generally be avoided, as the risks are especially high.

click to enlarge
As I write this, a state budget could possibly be successfully negotiated, making it the first time in over two years that Illinois has operated with a budget. Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner already vetoed the first bill that reached his desk, which includes tax hikes, but the veto was immediately overridden by the State Senate and is now headed for the House.
No matter the outcome, the point here is that political dysfunction is unfavorable—to put it lightly—and muni investors should remain cautious.
Illinois isn’t the only state facing problems. Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island and Wisconsin are all (or were) mired in similar budgetary impasses. New Jersey public beaches reopened just in time for July 4 celebrations after a high-profile government shutdown closed them down.
For many muni investors, navigating around these numerous pitfalls might seem overwhelming. That’s why I believe an actively-managed municipal bond fund such as our Near-Term Tax Free Fund (NEARX) could be the solution.
More than 95 percent of NEARX is invested in munis that hold between an A and AAA investment-grade rating as of March 31. What this means is we’ve historically avoided exposure to debt issued by poorly-managed municipalities.
We also like to stay on the short end of the yield curve, especially now that the Federal Reserve has begun a new interest rate cycle. When rates rise, bond prices fall, and short- and intermediate-term munis are less sensitive to rate increases than longer-term munis whose maturities are further out.
To learn more about how rates affect municipal bonds, read our whitepaper.
On the Brink of Bankruptcy
Illinois’ total debt currently stands at about $60 billion, according to Capital Economics, which is above Detroit’s $20 billion bankruptcy in 2013 and just below Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt. The state’s unfunded pensions—for teachers, professors, state employees, judges, emergency personnel and more—could be as high as $250 billion. That puts each Illinoisan on the hook for an estimated $56,000.
Political dysfunction and mismanagement are bad enough, but the state’s adverse demographics make matters even worse.
Illinois is one of only four states whose populations shrank over the past five years, the others being Connecticut, Vermont and West Virginia. CE estimates that over the next decade, the state’s population could grow only 2.2 percent, far below the national average. The number of retirees, meanwhile, could surge 34 percent.

click to enlarge
That means fewer working-age Illinoisans are expected to be counted on to support retirees in the coming years, driving up the amount of unfunded pensions even higher.
So even if the Illinois government can resolve its budget soon, we see this as only a short-term fix. The state has even larger obstacles emerging on the horizon.
Our Solution
Again, this is why I think an actively-managed muni fund like NEARX is an attractive solution. Whereas other muni funds might accumulate Illinois debt based on its high yield, regardless of risk, we generally have stuck to investment-grade munis.
It must be said that if you look at NEARX’s holdings today, you’ll see that Illinois is one of its top issuers. The bonds were purchased at an earlier time, before the state’s budgetary problems really began to worsen. We haven’t accumulated any more since it became clear to us that the risks were too great.
We continue to hold the debt because we’re confident the state’s government can successfully unravel the political gridlock and arrive at a short-term resolution. It’s the state’s long-term demographic risks that investors should especially worry about. Our longest Illinois bonds mature in 2021, and as long as the state doesn’t default in the next four years—which, in our opinion, is highly unlikely—we should get a good return on the bonds based on their yield when they were purchased.
 
Explore the Near-Term Tax Free Fund (NEARX)
 
Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by visiting www.usfunds.com or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser.
Bond funds are subject to interest-rate risk; their value declines as interest rates rise. Though the Near-Term Tax Free Fund seeks minimal fluctuations in share price, it is subject to the risk that the credit quality of a portfolio holding could decline, as well as risk related to changes in the economic conditions of a state, region or issuer. These risks could cause the fund’s share price to decline. Tax-exempt income is federal income tax free. A portion of this income may be subject to state and local taxes and at times the alternative minimum tax. The Near-Term Tax Free Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in securities that pay taxable interest. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes.
A bond’s credit quality is determined by private independent rating agencies such as Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch. Credit quality designations range from high (AAA to AA) to medium (A to BBB) to low (BB, B, CCC, CC to C).
The Near-Term Tax Free Fund invests at least 80 percent of its net assets in investment-grade municipal securities. At the time of purchase for the fund's portfolio, the ratings on the bonds must be one of the four highest ratings by Moody's Investors Services (Aaa, Aa, A, Baa) or Standard & Poor's Corporation (AAA, AA, A, BBB). Credit quality designations range from high (AAA to AA) to medium (A to BBB) to low (BB, B, CCC, CC to C). In the event a bond is rated by more than one of the ratings organizations, the highest rating is shown.


Share “Investor Beware! What Does the Illinois Budget Crisis Mean for Your Bond Fund?”






Email






1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Next »







 Quick Links




Categories

Airline Industry (17)
China, India & Asia (319)
Economy & Markets (387)
Emerging Europe (116)
Emerging Markets (163)
Energy & Natural Resources (258)
Gold (354)
Infrastructure (65)
Odds & Ends (115)
View All









Net Asset Valueas of 07/27/2017




Global Resources Fund
PSPFX      $5.64
-0.06


Gold and Precious Metals Fund
USERX      $7.15
-0.05


World Precious Minerals Fund
UNWPX      $6.44
-0.08


China Region Fund
USCOX      $10.11
0.02


Emerging Europe Fund
EUROX      $6.67
-0.01


All American Equity Fund
GBTFX      $24.37
-0.23


Holmes Macro Trends Fund
MEGAX      $20.01
-0.09


Near-Term Tax Free Fund
NEARX      $2.23
No Change


U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund
UGSDX      $2.00
No Change









Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by clicking here or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser. 
Read additional important information.

 Bond funds are subject to interest-rate risk; their value declines as interest rates rise. Tax-exempt income is federal income tax free. A portion of this income may be subject to state and local income taxes, and if applicable, may subject certain investors to the Alternative Minimum Tax as well. The Near-Term Tax Free Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in securities that pay taxable interest. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. The tax free funds may be exposed to risks related to a concentration of investments in a particular state or geographic area. These investments present risks resulting from changes in economic conditions of the region or issuer.
Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Foreign and emerging market investing involves special risks such as currency fluctuation and less public disclosure, as well as economic and political risk. By investing in a specific geographic region, a regional fund’s returns and share price may be more volatile than those of a less concentrated portfolio.
The Emerging Europe Fund invests more than 25% of its investments in companies principally engaged in the oil & gas or banking industries. The risk of concentrating investments in this group of industries will make the fund more susceptible to risk in these industries than funds which do not concentrate their investments in an industry and may make the fund’s performance more volatile.
Because the Global Resources Fund concentrates its investments in a specific industry, the fund may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries.
 Stock markets can be volatile and share prices can fluctuate in response to sector-related and other risks as described in the fund prospectus.
Morningstar Ratings are based on risk-adjusted return. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Past performance does not guarantee future results. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating? based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.)
Each of the mutual funds or services referred to in the U.S. Global Investors, Inc. website may be offered only to persons in the United States. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product or service to investors residing outside the United States.
Certain materials on the site may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in such materials, please visit the fund performance page.
Some link(s) above may be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.




How To Invest
Access My Account
Investment Professionals
Explore Our Funds

U.S. Global Investors • 7900 Callaghan Road San Antonio, Texas 78229 • 1-800-US-Funds
©2017 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Prospectus
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Policies and Procedures
Contact Us








 








Advisors - U.S. Global Investors































  











U.S. Global Investors
U.S. Global Investors



Twitter
Facebook


Larger Text
Smaller Text
Reset


Home
Press Center
Sitemap
Contact Us













Open A New Account



About Us

Our Team
Career Opportunities
Investor Relations
Our Investment Process
Our Causes
Contact Us
Connect With Us
 
Mutual Funds

Our Mutual Funds
Fund Performance
Prospectus
 
ETFs
Investor Library

Frank Talk
Investor Alert
Webcasts
Publications
Videos
Interactive Favorites
 
Advisors
Investing With Us

How to Invest
Prospectus
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Tax Help Center
Contact a Service Representative
 
Access My Account




Advisors and Investment Professionals










What’s Driving Gold?


 



Advisor Favorites

Frank Talk
Advisor Alert
Fund Fact Sheets



Subscribe to the advisor alert





Market Perspective


Advisor Alert
Frank Talk
Webcasts
Research




Our Funds


Performance
Fund Fact Sheets & Profiles
Our Investment Team
Prospectus and Documents




Client Resource Library


Institutional Services Team

Login






Explore the benefits of municipal bonds.
Download the PDF



Learn more about the Near-Term Tax Free Fund
Read the report



The 10-year performance of natural resources.
Explore the interactive chart



Taylor Thoen chats with Frank about investing in gold
Watch the video





Institutional Services • 800.873.3639
Monday–Friday, from 7:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (CST)






Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by clicking here or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser. 
Read additional important information.

 Bond funds are subject to interest-rate risk; their value declines as interest rates rise. Tax-exempt income is federal income tax free. A portion of this income may be subject to state and local income taxes, and if applicable, may subject certain investors to the Alternative Minimum Tax as well. The Near-Term Tax Free Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in securities that pay taxable interest. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. The tax free funds may be exposed to risks related to a concentration of investments in a particular state or geographic area. These investments present risks resulting from changes in economic conditions of the region or issuer.
Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Foreign and emerging market investing involves special risks such as currency fluctuation and less public disclosure, as well as economic and political risk. By investing in a specific geographic region, a regional fund’s returns and share price may be more volatile than those of a less concentrated portfolio.
The Emerging Europe Fund invests more than 25% of its investments in companies principally engaged in the oil & gas or banking industries. The risk of concentrating investments in this group of industries will make the fund more susceptible to risk in these industries than funds which do not concentrate their investments in an industry and may make the fund’s performance more volatile.
Because the Global Resources Fund concentrates its investments in a specific industry, the fund may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries.
 Stock markets can be volatile and share prices can fluctuate in response to sector-related and other risks as described in the fund prospectus.
Morningstar Ratings are based on risk-adjusted return. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Past performance does not guarantee future results. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating? based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.)
Each of the mutual funds or services referred to in the U.S. Global Investors, Inc. website may be offered only to persons in the United States. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product or service to investors residing outside the United States.
Certain materials on the site may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in such materials, please visit the fund performance page.
Some link(s) above may be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.




How To Invest
Access My Account
Investment Professionals
Explore Our Funds

U.S. Global Investors • 7900 Callaghan Road San Antonio, Texas 78229 • 1-800-US-Funds
©2017 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Prospectus
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Policies and Procedures
Contact Us








 








Our Mutual Funds - U.S. Global Investors































  








U.S. Global Investors
U.S. Global Investors



Twitter
Facebook


Larger Text
Smaller Text
Reset


Home
Press Center
Sitemap
Contact Us













Open A New Account



About Us

Our Team
Career Opportunities
Investor Relations
Our Investment Process
Our Causes
Contact Us
Connect With Us
 
Mutual Funds

Our Mutual Funds
Fund Performance
Prospectus
 
ETFs
Investor Library

Frank Talk
Investor Alert
Webcasts
Publications
Videos
Interactive Favorites
 
Advisors
Investing With Us

How to Invest
Prospectus
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Tax Help Center
Contact a Service Representative
 
Access My Account






Be informed of the market’s most important moves when you read the Investor Alert. Read it now
Subscribe to Investor Alert now

Mutual Funds

Choose A Fund

Global Resources Fund (PSPFX)
Gold and Precious Metals Fund (USERX)
World Precious Minerals Fund (UNWPX)
China Region Fund (USCOX)
Emerging Europe Fund (EUROX)
All American Equity Fund (GBTFX)
Holmes Macro Trends Fund (MEGAX)
Near-Term Tax Free Fund (NEARX)
U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund (UGSDX)













Our Mutual Funds


U.S. Global Investors, Inc. is a boutique investment advisor specializing in emerging markets and natural resources. Our portfolio managers travel the earth researching opportunities and evaluating risk, all in the pursuit of exceptional performance for our funds.
Explore our no-load mutual funds, ranging from natural resources, emerging markets and infrastructure, to money market, bond and domestic funds. We believe that we are specially qualified to be an integral part of your investment strategy.


Global Resources Fund (PSPFX)
The Global Resources Fund takes a multi-faceted approach to the natural resources sector by investing in energy and basic materials. The fund invests in companies involved in the exploration, production and processing of petroleum, natural gas, coal, alternative energies, chemicals, mining, iron and steel, and paper and forest products, and can invest in any part of the world.


Gold and Precious Metals Fund (USERX)
The Gold and Precious Metals Fund is the first-no load gold fund in the U.S. We have a history as pioneers in portfolio management in this specialized sector. Our team brings valuable background in geology and mining finance, important to understanding the technical side of the business.
The fund focuses on producers, companies currently pulling gold or other precious minerals out of the ground. These companies, often called “seniors,” generally have the largest market caps in the mining sector.


World Precious Minerals Fund (UNWPX)
The World Precious Minerals Fund complements our Gold and Precious Metals Fund by giving investors increased exposure to junior and intermediate mining companies for added growth potential. With a high level of expertise in this specialized sector, our portfolio management team includes professionals with experience in geology, mineral resources and mining finance.


China Region Fund (USCOX)
The China Region Fund invests in one of the world’s fastest-growing regions. The China region has experienced many changes since the fund opened in 1994 but we believe the region continues to hold further investment opportunities.
Many countries in the region possess characteristics similar to the United States prior to the industrial revolution: a thriving, young workforce, migration from rural to urban areas and shifting sentiment toward consumption.


Emerging Europe Fund (EUROX)
The Emerging Europe Fund focuses on a region that shares the same continent as the established economies of western Europe, but has more in common with other emerging markets around the world. Many countries across emerging Europe are rich in resources, have strong banking sectors, healthy economies and lower debt levels than their western neighbors. The fund pursues opportunities tied to the economic growth of these countries, as many are making great strides toward meeting the European Union’s standards. Turkey presents a growth opportunity, with its young, growing population, entrepreneurial mindset and pro-business policies. Several countries in emerging Europe, such as Greece, also stand to benefit from the European economic recovery.


All American Equity Fund (GBTFX)
The All American Equity Fund invests in the growth of America by seeking “All American” companies with the best prospects for growth.
Offering the opportunity to invest right here at home, often in well-recognized names, the fund invests at least 80 percent of its assets in “All American” companies.
The portfolio management team uses a variety of investment strategies to select companies identified as having superior growth, profitability and quality relative to companies in the same industry.


Holmes Macro Trends Fund (MEGAX)
The Holmes Macro Trends Fund seeks to identify strong sectors, and within those sectors, to identify companies that have the greatest potential for growth. The portfolio management team uses a variety of investment strategies to search for companies suitable for investment in the fund, including factors such as growth in earnings, return on equity, and revenue.


Near-Term Tax Free Fund (NEARX)
The Near-Term Tax Free Fund invests in municipal bonds with relatively short maturity. The fund seeks to provide tax-free monthly income by investing in debt securities issued by state and local governments from across the country.


U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund (UGSDX)
The U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund is designed to be used as an investment that takes advantage of the security of U.S. Government bonds and obligations, while simultaneously pursuing a higher level of current income than money market funds offer.









Net Asset Valueas of 07/27/2017




Global Resources Fund
PSPFX      $5.64
-0.06


Gold and Precious Metals Fund
USERX      $7.15
-0.05


World Precious Minerals Fund
UNWPX      $6.44
-0.08


China Region Fund
USCOX      $10.11
0.02


Emerging Europe Fund
EUROX      $6.67
-0.01


All American Equity Fund
GBTFX      $24.37
-0.23


Holmes Macro Trends Fund
MEGAX      $20.01
-0.09


Near-Term Tax Free Fund
NEARX      $2.23
No Change


U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund
UGSDX      $2.00
No Change









Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by clicking here or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser. 
Read additional important information.

 Bond funds are subject to interest-rate risk; their value declines as interest rates rise. Tax-exempt income is federal income tax free. A portion of this income may be subject to state and local income taxes, and if applicable, may subject certain investors to the Alternative Minimum Tax as well. The Near-Term Tax Free Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in securities that pay taxable interest. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. The tax free funds may be exposed to risks related to a concentration of investments in a particular state or geographic area. These investments present risks resulting from changes in economic conditions of the region or issuer.
Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Foreign and emerging market investing involves special risks such as currency fluctuation and less public disclosure, as well as economic and political risk. By investing in a specific geographic region, a regional fund’s returns and share price may be more volatile than those of a less concentrated portfolio.
The Emerging Europe Fund invests more than 25% of its investments in companies principally engaged in the oil & gas or banking industries. The risk of concentrating investments in this group of industries will make the fund more susceptible to risk in these industries than funds which do not concentrate their investments in an industry and may make the fund’s performance more volatile.
Because the Global Resources Fund concentrates its investments in a specific industry, the fund may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries.
 Stock markets can be volatile and share prices can fluctuate in response to sector-related and other risks as described in the fund prospectus.
Morningstar Ratings are based on risk-adjusted return. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Past performance does not guarantee future results. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating? based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.)
Each of the mutual funds or services referred to in the U.S. Global Investors, Inc. website may be offered only to persons in the United States. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product or service to investors residing outside the United States.
Certain materials on the site may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in such materials, please visit the fund performance page.
Some link(s) above may be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.




How To Invest
Access My Account
Investment Professionals
Explore Our Funds

U.S. Global Investors • 7900 Callaghan Road San Antonio, Texas 78229 • 1-800-US-Funds
©2017 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Prospectus
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Policies and Procedures
Contact Us








 








Investor Alert - U.S. Global Investors































  













U.S. Global Investors
U.S. Global Investors



Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn



Larger Text
Smaller Text
Reset


Home
Press Center
Sitemap
Contact Us













Open A New Account




About Us

Our Team
Career Opportunities
Investor Relations
Our Investment Process
Our Causes
Contact Us
Connect With Us
 
Mutual Funds

Our Mutual Funds
Fund Performance
Prospectus
 
ETFs
Investor Library

Frank Talk
Investor Alert
Webcasts
Publications
Videos
Interactive Favorites
 
Advisors
Investing With Us

How to Invest
Prospectus
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Tax Help Center
Contact a Service Representative
 
Access My Account






Be informed of the market’s most important moves when you read the Investor Alert. Read it now
Subscribe to Investor Alert now

Investor Library









Home » Investor Library » Investor Alert




Share this page with your friends:
Print







Email




Investor Alert
Please note: The articles listed below contain historical material. The data provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in these presentations, please visit the appropriate fund performance page.


“Mother of All Bubbles” Keeps Gold in Focus
July 21, 2017

 
By Frank Holmes
CEO and Chief Investment Officer
		U.S. Global Investors

Today I want to discuss reports that global debt levels are at all-time highs, and what this means for your investment decisions going forward.
But first, a few comments about this past week. I recently returned from the Oxford Club’s Private Wealth Seminar, held at the historic Grand Hotel on Michigan’s Mackinac Island. The hotel, which some of you might remember as the setting for the 1980 film “Somewhere in Time,” starring Christopher Reeve and Jane Seymour, took a mere 93 days to build in the 1880s—impossible by today’s standards, especially when you consider that it boasts the world’s largest front porch at 660 feet.
While there, I had the privilege of catching up with some old friends and contacts, including Alex Green, the Oxford Club’s chief investment strategist. You might have read some of his wonderful work for Investment U, the group’s educational arm.
Alex reminded me over lunch that the difference between Democrats and Republicans, in his view, is that Democrats are for personal freedom and some economic restrictions, while Republicans are for economic freedom and some personal restrictions.
I prefer to focus on policies instead of partisan politics, but Alex has a point. I’m convinced that Donald Trump, a Republican, won the presidential election because his pledge to reform the tax code and deregulate resonated with both white-collar and blue-collar Americans who felt as if the U.S. economy was no longer working for them. U.S. corporate taxes are among the highest in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), spurring large multinationals to move operations overseas, and out-of-control regulations threaten to strangle business growth.
But just as Green insinuated, the Trump administration has enacted, or has hinted at enacting, policies that rankle Americans of all political stripes, precisely because they could be used to encroach upon personal liberties.
Take Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ recent decision to strengthen the government’s ability to seize private property from suspected criminals. (The operative word here is “suspected.”) Many now are arguing this directive could be abused by police and other officials. It could, in fact, violate the Fourth Amendment, which of course protects Americans against “unreasonable searches and seizures.”
This is just one among numerous policy-making decisions that have members of both political parties, as well as independents, scratching their heads. Trump was elected to reform taxes, slash regulations and generally make business and capital formation run more smoothly. It’s unclear how private-asset seizures fit into that picture.
If this administration resolved to stay on message and on course, and worked to bring fiscal relief to everyday Americans, it might receive greater support from those who voted for Trump—and perhaps even from those who didn’t.
U.S. Dollar in Bear Market, a Boon for Gold
Since the start of the year, the five-year Treasury yield, adjusted for inflation, has risen about 150 percent. Normally this would put remarkable pressure on the price of gold—higher yields raise the opportunity cost of buying gold—but over the same period, the U.S. dollar has steadily weakened and is now officially in a bear market. Because gold is priced in dollars, this has been supportive for prices. Year-to-date, the yellow metal is up more than 8 percent.

click to enlarge
As I said, the greenback’s been on the decline for most of the year so far, but it slumped to a 13-month low against the euro this week following European Central Bank (ECB) president Mario Draghi’s remark that “monetary accommodation” would continue in the European Union (EU) until at least the end of the year.









“We need to be persistent and patient and prudent, because we’re not there yet,” Draghi said, referring to the fact that EU inflation and wage growth have been disappointingly slow, despite the bloc’s economic recovery since the financial crisis. (Indeed, the June purchasing manager’s indexes for emerging European markets were all above the key 50 mark for the first time in recent memory.)
UBS: We’re Still Constructive on Gold
That gold is still holding at its current level—despite rising rates, despite a stock market that continues to rally—is “encouraging.”
That’s one of the key takeaways from a UBS note this week, in which the Swiss financial services firm maintains its constructive view of the yellow metal. Investor demand this year has been slower than expected, but UBS analyst Joni Teves makes the case that expectations of a good monsoon season in India this summer could help push consumption in the world’s second-largest importer of gold to a new record high by the end of the year. With India having imported a phenomenal 525 metric tons in the first half of 2017 alone, Teves writes that “we expect gold demand in India this year to be around historic averages,” which would be very supportive for prices.
ETPs Attracted a Record $245 Billion in the First Half of 2017
Exchange-traded products (ETPs) also had a knockout first half. As Deutsche Bank reports this week, ETPs attracted a record $245 billion in the first six months of 2017, in what has historically been the weaker half of the year. To put into perspective just how impressive this figure is, $245 billion would be the second-largest full-year record amount following 2016’s $283 billion. We could see ETP inflows climb as high as $500 billion by the end of this year, Deutsche estimates.

click to enlarge
Of course, runaway demand for ETPs and other risk assets has contributed to muted interest in gold.
Having said that, though, BullionVault—the world’s number one online precious metals market—reported last week that private gold holdings among its users leaped to a record 38 metric tons, as of the beginning of July. That’s enough gold to make more than 10 million 18-carat wedding rings, BullionVault says, or to supply the microchips for 1.5 billion iPhones. The site points out that investor demand has lately been driven by lower prices, following three months of “light liquidation.”
Global Debt on Alert
All of what I’ve said so far pertains to the near-term. Gold’s medium- to long-term investment case, I believe, looks even brighter. Many unsettling risks loom on the horizon—not least of which is a record amount of global debt—that could potentially spell trouble for the investor who hasn’t adequately prepared with some allocation in a “safe haven.”
According to the highly-respected Institute of International Finance (IIF), global debt levels reached an astronomical $217 trillion in the first quarter of 2017—that’s 327 percent of world gross domestic product (GDP). Notice that before the financial crisis, global debt was “only” around $150 trillion, meaning we’ve added close to $120 trillion in as little as a decade. Much of the leveraging occurred in emerging markets, specifically China, which is spending big on international infrastructure projects.

click to enlarge
It goes without saying that this is a huge risk. Some are calling this mountain of debt “the mother of all bubbles,” and we all remember how the last two bubbles ended, in 2000 (the tech or dotcom bubble) and 2007 (the housing bubble).
Paying down this debt will not be easy. As Scotiabank mentions in a note this week: “Higher interest rates are going to make the burden of refinancing the debt considerably heavier, and as more money goes into servicing the debt, it means less money is available to spend on other things, which could lead to less infrastructure spending and increased austerity.”
Add to this the fact that global pension levels are also sharply on the rise, with people living longer and population growth—and therefore workforce growth—slowing in many advanced economies. In May, the World Economic Forum (WEF) estimated that by 2050, the size of the retirement savings gap—unfunded pensions, in other words—could be as much as $400 trillion, an unimaginably large number.
The U.S. alone adds about $3 trillion every year to the pension deficit. I shared with you earlier in the month that the State of Illinois’s unfunded pensions could be as high as $250 billion, putting each Illinoisan on the hook for $56,000.
Central banks’ efforts to promote economic growth through monetary easing haven’t exactly been a raging success, nor can they continue forever. Plus, near-zero interest rates are precisely what encouraged such inflated levels of borrowing in the first place.
You can probably tell where I’m headed with all of this. Another crisis could be in the works. Savvy investors and savers might very well see this as a sign to allocate a part of their portfolios in “safe haven” assets that have historically held their value in times of economic contraction.
Gold is one such asset that’s been a good store of value in such times, and gold stocks have tended to outperform the yellow metal as production costs have fallen, according to Seabridge Gold. I always recommend a 10 percent weighting in gold—5 percent in bars and coins; 5 percent in gold stocks, mutual funds or ETFs.
Explore investment opportunities in gold and precious metals and mining! 
 

Index Summary

The major market indices finished mixed this week.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.27 percent. The S&P 500 Stock Index rose 0.54 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite climbed 1.19 percent. The Russell 2000 small capitalization index gained 0.49 percent this week.


The Hang Seng Composite gained 1.20 percent this week; while Taiwan was down 0.07 percent and the KOSPI rose 1.47 percent.
The 10-year Treasury bond yield fell 10 basis points to 2.24 percent.

Domestic Equity Market

click to enlarge
Strengths

The utility sector was the best performing sector of the week, increasing by 2.59 percent versus an overall increase of 0.54 percent for the S&P 500.
Vertex Pharmaceuticals was the best performing stock for the week, rising 24.5 percent.
The pharmaceutical company reported positive data from its Phase1 and Phase 2 trials for cystic fibrosis patients.  The results are clear and compelling with one analyst calling it, “breakthrough – quality.”  Cowen increased its price target from $105 to $200.

Weaknesses

The industrial sector was the worst performing sector of the week, declining 1.01 percent versus an overall increase of 0.54 percent for the S&P 500.
Chipotle was the worst performing stock for the week, declining 12.76 percent.
Chipotle’s shares were once the best performing of the fast casual restaurant industry, but as with food, stock prices can spoil too. The company’s shares slid to a new 52-week low on broker downgrades due to concerns over a norovirus outbreak at one of the Virginia locations, along with another detrimental video about rodents living in the ceiling at another location.

Opportunities

Where is the inflation?  According to Blackrock’s strategists, “technological innovation is disrupting traditional business models putting a lid on inflation.” The longer that inflation seems to be a non-event, the better the chances are the Fed keeps interest rates low.
Your company’s 401k match may be getting bigger.  Company matches are on pace to become 4.7 percent of an employee’s salary this year, up from 3.7 percent last year.  The reason behind the increase? The labor force continues to stay tight. If this trend continues, and more companies start competing on benefits, the stream of capital flowing into the markets from 401ks may become substantial.
Historically, shipping volumes were used as an indication of economic growth. More products shipped implied companies were “moving product.”  More products sold, meant more capital changing hands (which, in the future, should eventually show up in GDP reports).  Earlier this week The Wall Street Journal highlighted the volume of cargo imports are currently at record monthly levels.

Threats

Labor participation in the workforce for men age 25 to 54 is lower than it was during the Great Depression.  According to a recent working paper by the National Bureau of Economic Research, video games are responsible for reducing the amount of work the younger generations of men perform over the year by nearly 30 hours. The big concern here is the growth of this behavior, and whether or not the distraction will impact workforce’s overall productivity.
Is a recession in the midst? Historically, when the difference between the interest rate on a 10-year Treasury note and the interest rate on a 3-month Treasury bill resulted in a negative yield, an economic recession follows.  Although we are not at that critical point yet, the spread between the 10-year Treasury has been narrowing over the past few years. If the Fed continues to tighten, it’s possible the curve may become inverted (the T-Bill yielding more than the 10-year yield) in the next few years (implying a recession could be in the cards).
Another indicator for an impending recession is a labor market at full strength.  Currently, the U.S. has one of the lowest unemployment rates in history.  Another indicator: frothy asset prices.  Right now, the stock market is at all-time highs.  And then there is central bank tightening. The Federal Reserve has tightened three times and other global central banks are discussing tightening too. Lastly, a pervasive sense of calm is an indicator. Many are saying, “don’t worry, the market always comes back,” while the volatility index is near all-time lows.









July 20, 2017
How to Get a Better Bargain on Your Investment with Emerging Europe


July 17, 2017
Russia Collusion Story: A Big “Nothing Burger” or a Case for Gold?


July 10, 2017
Commodities Halftime Report: Separating the Wheat from the Chaff








The Economy and Bond Market
	 

	Strengths

U.S. housing starts rebounded last month, signaling positive momentum for home builders trying to meet solid buyer demand. Housing starts rose 8.3 percent in June from the prior month to a seasonally-adjusted annual rate of 1.215 million, the Commerce Department said Wednesday.


click to enlarge

The number of Americans applying for first-time unemployment benefits fell last week, reflecting the healthiest job market in more than a decade. Initial jobless claims in the period from July 9 to July 15 fell by 15,000 to a seasonally-adjusted 233,000.
The major U.S. stock indices closed at record highs on Wednesday helped partly by technology. The technology sector broke its previous closing high that held since March 2000. It had been the best- performing sector this year with a 22.8 percent advance.

Weaknesses

German investor confidence dropped for a second month in July, according to the ZEW Center for European Economic Research. Its index of expectations, which aims to predict economic developments six months ahead, slid to 17.5 from 18.6 in June. Economists surveyed by Bloomberg predicted a decline to 18. Germany is entering a period of uncertainty as it heads toward September elections and the European Central Bank starts discussing when it might wind down euro-area monetary stimulus.
Sentiment among American homebuilders deteriorated to an eight-month low in July on concerns about higher material costs, according to data from the National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo. Builders’ Housing Market Index decreased to 64 (estimate 67) from 66 in June (revised from 67). The six-month sales outlook dropped to a five-month low of 73 from 75. The index of current sales fell to 70, the weakest since November, from 72.
Home property prices in Beijing fell 0.4 percent month-over-month, the first decline in more than two years, while Shanghai further declined and Shenzen stalled, pointing to significant cooling in China’s biggest real estate markets.

Opportunities

Traders in the Treasury futures market are growing more convinced that U.S. yields will be lower for longer, no matter what the Federal Reserve says. The benchmark 10-year Treasury yield tumbled five basis points to 2.26 percent on Tuesday, touching the lowest level since June 29. The view gained traction Tuesday after Senate Republicans failed to muster enough support for health-care reform, casting doubt on whether President Trump will have better luck with fiscal stimulus. This is coupled with another round of below-forecast inflation data last week that has traders questioning whether the U.S. economic outlook is strong enough for the Fed to raise its benchmark rate again this year, as policy makers forecast.
U.S. real GDP increased at an annual rate of 1.4 percent in the first quarter of 2017, and Bloomberg analysts predict annual GDP of 2.6 percent in the second quarter. Second quarter GDP data will be released next week, on July 28.
As expected, ECB policy was left unchanged. Draghi reiterated pledges to increase volume or the duration of the quantitative easing program if the outlook in Europe worsens. He did not discuss tapering at his time, but said that it could be discussed later in the fall. The euro appreciated against the dollar, breaking out to a fresh 23-month high.

Threats

The U.K. housing market will cool this year as uncertainty around Brexit hits the economy, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Home-price inflation will slow to 3.7 percent from 7 percent in 2016, and London will be the most severely impacted, PwC said in a report published Tuesday. The changes reflect the wider economic picture as inflation and Brexit take their toll on consumer spending and investment.
High-level economic talks between the U.S. and China ended Wednesday without any concrete agreement or future agenda, leaving the Trump administration’s efforts to recast trade ties with Beijing in limbo. The failure to take specific steps to close America’s $347 billion trade deficit with China—70 percent of the U.S. global imbalance—raises pressure on the Trump administration to consider shifting from its embrace of cooperation with Beijing toward more confrontation.
According to Bloomberg Intelligence, a rapidly increasing number of company executives are discussing artificial intelligence during earnings calls and investor presentations, which could be a precursor for labor-disruptive technologies not only in manufacturing but also across the service sector. With the U.S. now arguably at, or very close to, full employment, wages should rise more steadily, which in turn will increase labor costs. This, combined with technological advances over the past decade, may cause automated systems to look far more attractive.

Gold Market
	 

	This week spot gold closed at $1,254.81, up $26.11 per ounce, or 2.13 percent. Gold stocks, as measured by the NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index, ended the week higher by 2.56 percent. Junior-tiered stocks underperformed seniors for the week, as the S&P/TSX Venture Index rose just 0.45 percent. The U.S. Trade-Weighted Dollar Index was crushed lower this week by 1.27 percent.



Date
Event
Survey
Actual
Prior


Jul-16
China Retail Sales YoY
10.6%
11.0%
10.7%


Jul-17
Eurozone CPI Core YoY
1.1%
1.1%
1.1%


Jul-18
Germany ZEW Survey Current Situation
88.0
86.4
88.0


Jul-18
Germany ZEW Survey Expectation
18.0
17.5
18.6


Jul-19
Housing Starts
1160k
1215k
1122k


Jul-20
ECB Main Refinancing Rate
0.000%
0.000%
0.000%


Jul-20
Initial Jobless Claims
245k
233k
248k


Jul-25
Conf. Board Consumer Confidence
116.0
--
118.9


Jul-26
New Home Sales
615K
--
610k


Jul-26
FOMC Rate Decision (Upper Bound)
1.25%
--
1.25%


Jul-27
Hong Kong Exports YoY
8.0%
--
4.0%


Jul-27
Durable Goods Orders
3.1%
--
-0.8%


Jul-27
Initial Jobless Claims
240K
--
233k


Jul-28
Germany CPI YoY
1.5%
--
1.6%


Jul-28
GDP Annualized QoQ
2.5%
--
1.4%



Strengths

The best performing precious metal for the week was silver, up 3.34 percent as investors loaded up on ETFs that purchase the physical metal, perhaps speculating that silver would outperform gold if the latter rallied.  Gold traders and analysts remained bullish this week, for the fifth week, as the European Central Bank keeps its stimulus going, reports Bloomberg. In addition, as the dollar slumps amid an investigation into President Trump, gold heads for the first back-to-back weekly advance since early June, another Bloomberg article reads.
Gold bulls are keeping their faith in the metal, reports Bloomberg, as the equity rally pares the yellow metal’s gains. Gold bulls have pointed to slow inflation and Fed concerns that asset prices look “somewhat rich.” Similarly, a Bank of America Merrill Lynch survey shows fund managers are growing hesitant to buy U.S. equities. Jason Mayer of Sprott Asset Management says that the non-stop bull market has led to a lot of complacency where managers aren’t hedging. “Once that tide turns, that could prove to be bullish for gold and precious metals,” Mayer said.
After President Trump’s economic revitalization agenda once again faltered, the U.S. dollar fell to an 11-month low this week, reports Bloomberg. Opposition to Trump’s health-care reform bill, along with European shares dropping amid earnings disappointments, sent gold to its highest level this month.

Weaknesses

The only negatively performing precious metal for the week was palladium, off 1.62 percent.  Hedge funds and money managers seem to be losing their faith in gold, along with other precious metals, reports Bloomberg. Before posting its first weekly gain in six weeks, the net-long position in gold fell to the lowest in 17 months for the week ended July 11. Money managers are hitting the exit as they brace for monetary tightening in the U.S. and Western Europe, the article continues, and aren’t waiting around for signs that the Fed may change its rate trajectory.
U.K. Royal Mint sales dropped in the second quarter by 62 percent compared with the previous three months, reports Bloomberg. Sales are down 41 percent from a year earlier. And according to data on the Swiss Federal Customs Administration’s website, Swiss gold exports declined 169.5 tons in May. Month-over-month exports to India also fell, but exports to China and Hong Kong both rose.
Jaguar Mining previously had seen its 2017 gold production output at 100,000 ounces, but the company cut its forecast to 95,000-105,000 ounces, reports Bloomberg. Positive news, however, came after its decision to leave Turmalina at Level 9 and commence development and mining of Level 10 in Orebody A. Turmalina saw significantly stronger production in June versus April following this decision, the article continues.

Opportunities

Scotia Mining Sales notes that as silver has gotten cheap again, particularly when looking at the widening gold-silver ratio, investors have been piling into silver ETFs (while dropping out of gold ETFs). Interestingly enough, there seems to be a bearish outlook in the futures market, where hedge funds are now holding the first net short silver position seen in two years, the group writes. The risk of higher U.S. interest rates should drive silver prices lower, is the reasoning behind this. However, if the Fed “blinks” and silver prices rebound, they will rebound quickly and violently, Scotia continues.


click to enlarge

Klondex Mines reported record, second-quarter operating results for its Nevada and Canadian operations this week, producing 66,629 gold equivalent ounces (GEOs), an increase of 94 percent from the first quarter. In the press release, the company also stated that it remains on track to meet its annual production guidance of 210,000 to 225,000 GEOs, up 36 percent from 2016. “As expected, the operating results for the second quarter were the best in the company’s history,” President and CEO Paul Huet said.
Roxgold Inc. announced an updated mineral resource estimate (MRE) and complete drilling results from its first half Infill and Extension drilling program at the Bagassi South deposit. The Bagassi South deposit is located less than two kilometers from Roxgold’s flagship underground gold mine at the 55 Zone. According to a press release, highlights of the estimate are as follows: 1) Indicated MRE of 352,000 tonnes at 16.6 grams of gold per tonne (g/t Au) for 188,000 ounces and 2) Inferred MRE of 130,000 tonnes at 16.6 g/t Au for approximately 69,000 ounces of gold. In other company news, Columbus Gold Corp. announced its intention to spin out its mineral projects in the U.S. into a separate publicly traded company to be named Allegiant Gold Ltd. The plan of arrangement would see shareholders of Columbus receive one share of Allegiant for every five shares of Columbus. This should unlock the value for their North American assets.

Threats

As Global Mining Research points out in a note this week, over the last few years there have been a number of companies that haven’t mined to their Life of Mine (LOM) plans. In particular, stripping requirements haven’t been met. One of the most well-known examples of this recently is Detour Gold, the research group points out, but clarifies that it certainly not the only one. Deferring the waste removal puts the company at risk for greater waste removal requirements in the future, which is obviously not a source of revenue.
Due to Goldcorp’s failure to properly consult with affected indigenous peoples on its proposed Coffee Gold project, the Yukon Socio-Economic Assessment Board decided to stop its assessment of the project, reports Seeking Alpha. This means the project’s timeline could be in jeopardy, along with costs associated with the project. This decision points to deeper troubles at Goldcorp in relation to the company’s Canadian operations, the article continues.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller is taking a wide-angle approach to his probe regarding President Donald Trump’s campaign and Russia in last year’s election. He is now looking into other Trump business transactions, despite the President’s caution not to do so. “The roots of Mueller’s follow-the-money investigation lie in a wide-ranging money laundering probe launched by then-Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara last year,” the Bloomberg article reads.


Energy and Natural Resources Market
	 

	Strengths

Thermal coal was the best performing commodity this week, rising 3.8 percent. The move came after unconfirmed reports stated that Andrew Wheeler, a top coal industry lobbyist, is likely to be named number two official at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
The best performing sector this week was the Bloomberg Global Coal Producers Index. The index rose 5.4 percent on the back of strong Chinese steel mill demand reflected in record steel output for the month of June, followed by positive momentum in coal prices triggered by the potential for a top coal lobbyist to join the high ranks of the EPA.
Braskem SA, a major Brazilian petrochemical refiner, was the best performing stock this week finishing up 9.2 percent. The company rallied after Morgan Stanley raised its recommendation to overweight citing widening margins on the back of a weaker Brazilian real, strong free cash flow generation, as well as a valuation that trails its petrochemical peers.  

Weaknesses

Lumber was the worst performing commodity this week dropping 4.0 percent. The commodity was the best performer the previous week after a severe wildfire threatened sawmills operations in British Columbia, Canada. This week, tempered U.S. housing data weighed on the commodity in spite of continuing risks of greater wildfires on the Canadian west coast.
The worst performing sector this week was the FTSE 350 Mining Index. The index fell 1.6 percent on the back of a single stock, Acacia Mining which dropped 19.3 percent. The company discontinued its dividend and lowered guidance as a result of a spat with the Tanzanian government that resulted in a ban on exports of its gold and copper concentrates.
The worst performing stock for the week was GAMESA. The Spanish renewable energy supplier dropped 5.8 percent after announcing it will shut down its Tillsonfurg, Ontario factory as a result of weaker-than-expected wind mill demand in North American markets.

Opportunities

Gold rallied above its 50-, and 100-day moving averages this week, setting up for what could prove to be a strong technical move to $1,300 as the U.S. dollar continues to weaken. In fact, when looked at in the context of the weak U.S. dollar, gold fares even better; the chart below shows the tight inverse correlation between gold and the U.S. dollar, which going by the chart, suggests gold could move as high as $1,350 an ounce.


click to enlarge

China's economy expanded 6.9 percent in the second quarter, significantly ahead of the government’s target of 6.7 percent. With two consecutive quarters of 6.9 percent growth, China’s GDP is on track for its first year-on-year growth acceleration since 2010.
Property investment was one of the key drivers behind China’s strong GDP beat, providing a positive read-through for steel and industrial metals demand. Property investment grew 8.5 percent year-on-year, showing a marked acceleration from the previous growth rates of 6.9 percent.

Threats

OPEC July output is set to exceed 33 million barrels per day (bpd), according to tanker tracking data. If sustained until month-end, the volumes would represent a sizeable increase over the 32.4 million bpd average for the first half of the year.
The Energy Information Administration (EIA) suggests U.S. shale output is likely to increase by greater than 100 thousand bpd next month, according to its recent drilling productivity report. The increase in volumes is expected to drive total U.S. shale output to 5.59 million bpd, the highest level in all of 2017. These improvements, together with OPEC output reaching its highest of the year threaten to derail the nascent recovery in oil prices.>
China reported record amounts of steel and aluminum production in June. Reports out of Beijing suggest mills around the country rapidly increased output to profit from rallying commodity prices into quarter-end. The rapid output growth suggests China has been unable to meet its promise of cracking down on marginal mills to help rebalance the global steel market. Markets reacted negatively to the news fearing that China, the world’s top steel exporter, may resort to dumping to alleviate its oversupply.

China Region
	 

	Strengths

South Korea’s Korea Stock Exchange Index (KOSPI) finished the week up 1.47 percent, beating out Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Composite Index (HSCI) and the Philippines’ PCOMP Index by 10 and 15 basis points, respectively.
Information technology finished the week as the top sector in the HSCI.  Tech rose 4.16 percent in the last five trading days despite a few hiccups late in the week for some of the most recent dominant performers.
China’s second quarter GDP growth rate came in at a steady 6.9 percent, ahead of consensus estimates for a 6.8 percent growth rate and even with the first quarter’s 6.9 percent print.  Retail sales, fixed asset investment, and industrial production also came in ahead of estimates for China this week.

Weaknesses

Consumer services constituted the worst performing sector in the HSCI for the week, falling 81 basis points and making the sector the only one to finish the week in the red.
Vietnam’s Ho Chi Minh Stock Index dropped 1.79 percent in the last week, while Indonesia’s Jakarta Composite (JCI) Index declined 1.14 percent.
Both imports and exports missed in Indonesia for the June period.  Imports came in down 17.21 percent year-over-year, shy of expectations for a 9.25 percent increase and down from the prior period’s 24.03 percent, while exports fell 11.82 percent, missing estimates for a gain of 7.28 percent and the prior month’s pace of 24.08 percent growth.

Opportunities

A combination of a growing population in Asian urban areas together with more efficient transport systems will give a rising number of people greater access to more airports. The chart below shows urbanization rates in key Asian countries growing, which is likely to boost Asia’s long-term air travel demand growth.


click to enlarge

According to a plan issued by the State Council, “China aims to make the artificial intelligence industry a ‘new, important’ driver of economic expansion by 2020,” reports Bloomberg.  Late Thursday, policy makers on the cabinet announced that they want to be global leaders in the space, with the AI industry generating more than 400 billion yuan of output per year by 2025.
China is facing less pressure from capital outflows, according to data released by its currency regulator Thursday.  China’s banks sold a net $93.8 billion of foreign exchange to clients in the first six months of 2017, writes ChinaDaily.com, down 46 percent year-on-year.  Economists say the situation may continue to improve in the second half of the year, the article continues.

Threats

The United States is banning its citizens from traveling to North Korea, starting 30 days from July 27th.  The announcement comes in the wake of the tragic imprisonment and death of student Otto Warmbier, North Korea’s recent test launches, and what the Trump administration is branding as disappointing efforts from the Chinese to rein in their rogue East Asian neighbors.
On July 19, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross opened economic talks by “scolding China over its trade surplus,” reports Bloomberg.  China and the U.S. have hit some rough patches since Trump became President and some U.S. firms could be at risk if a trade war breaks out.  Trump has considered restricting imports of Chinese steel and aluminum, a move that could prompt retaliation from Chinese President Xi Jinping, the article continues.
Finally, Canadian singer Justin Bieber will not be invited to perform in Beijing, media reports suggest.  The reason cited, per the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Culture, is apparently “bad behavior.” 

Emerging Europe
	 

	Strengths

Romania was the best performing country this week, gaining 2.98 percent. Shares of Electrica advanced as much as 7 percent after the company agreed to acquire minority stakes in its subsidiaries from Fondul Proprietatea. This transaction has been long awaited and should benefit both companies, according to Wood & Company research team.
The Hungarian forint was the best performing currency this week, gaining 1.89 percent against the dollar.
The real estate sector was the best performing sector among eastern European markets this week.

Weaknesses

Russia was the worst performing country this week, losing 1.81 percent. Oil prices fell Friday morning on renewed concerns about oversupply. OPEC officials are about to start meetings in Russia this weekend with counterparts from non-OPEC countries that have participated in this year’s output cuts. Delegates are supposed to discuss the possibility of including two previously exempted OPEC members, Nigeria and Libya, into the deal. But traders are becoming skeptical that meetings will produce any significant changes.
The Russian ruble was the worst performing currency this week, losing 58 basis points against the dollar.
The consumer staples sector was the worst performing sector among eastern European markets this week.

Opportunities

Local-currency bonds in Poland and Germany have advanced this month, pushing yields lower in the face of growing concern that the European Central Bank (ECB) will start reducing its monthly bond buying program. Polish and Hungarian bond yields on average are four times higher than those offered in Germany, which is attractive to investors still looking for a good carry trade.


click to enlarge

Kepler Cheuvreux wrote in European Investment Notes that last week marked the beginning of our “late show.” The note stated that this is the summer rally in equities markets that promises to be the last of the series that began early last year. From here the company sees a 5-10 percent advance for major European indices.
The recent recession in Russia has created a space for a cyclical recovery. Potential growth is still very weak, but prospects for the second half of this year and next year are stronger than many think, according to research by Emerging Europe Economist. Inflation has fallen sharply, easing the pressure on real incomes and consumer spending. Inflation will stay low, allowing the central bank to loosen monetary policy and support the recovery.

Threats

The top three credit rating agencies, Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and Moody’s all withdrew from Russian domestic ratings, refusing to comply with the registration drawn up in 2014 when they downgraded Russia after the annexation of Crimea, according to Reuters. ACRA, a new Kremlin-backed rating agency promoted by the central bank, and Expert RA are the only agencies able to assess Russian debt. Investors may be skeptical to believe that the domestic-produced ratings would be of the same standards as international ones.
The administration of former U.S. president Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian diplomats and seized their properties last year in December. Now Moscow threatens to expel U.S. diplomats saying that too many American spies operated in Moscow under diplomatic cover. Despite the seemingly friendly meeting between the Russian president and Donald Trump last week, the US-Russia relationship is delicate.
The European Commission, the EU’s regulatory arm, may impose sanctions on Poland for its judicial overhaul. If Article 7 of the EU treaty is triggered, Poland could lose its voting rights in the 28-nation bloc. This dispute with the European Commission over breaking the rule of law may deepen and political noise may put pressure on equities. The Warsaw stock exchange is one of the best performing emerging Europe markets, gaining 21 percent year to date.


Leaders and Laggards
 


Weekly Performance


Index
Close
Weekly
						Change($)
Weekly
						Change(%)




XAU
83.63
+2.83
+3.50%


Gold Futures
1,261.00
+26.50
+2.15%


S&P/TSX Global Gold Index
192.26
+3.91
+2.08%


Korean KOSPI Index
2,450.06
+35.43
+1.47%


Hang Seng Composite Index
3,671.13
+49.62
+1.37%


Nasdaq
6,387.75
+75.29
+1.19%


S&P 500
2,472.54
+13.27
+0.54%


Russell 2000
1,435.84
+7.02
+0.49%


SS&P/TSX Venture Index
760.88
+3.36
+0.44%


S&P Basic Materials
346.24
-0.07
-0.02%


DJIA
21,580.07
-57.67
-0.27%


S&P Energy
479.45
-2.33
-0.48%


Natural Gas Futures
2.95
-0.03
-0.87%


Oil Futures
45.73
-0.81
-1.74%


10-Yr Treasury Bond
2.24
-0.10
-4.11%



		 

		
Monthly Performance


Index
Close
Monthly
						Change($)
Monthly
						Change(%)




Oil Futures
45.73
+3.20
+7.52%


Hang Seng Composite Index
3,671.13
+170.54
+4.87%


XAU
83.63
+3.44
+4.29%


Korean KOSPI Index
2,450.06
+92.53
+3.92%


10-Yr Treasury Bond
2.24
+0.07
+3.37%


S&P Basic Materials
346.24
+9.88
+2.94%


Russell 2000
1,435.84
+36.58
+2.61%


Nasdaq
6,387.75
+153.80
+2.47%


Natural Gas Futures
2.95
+0.06
+2.11%


S&P Energy
479.45
+7.57
+1.60%


S&P 500
2,472.54
+36.93
+1.52%


DJIA
21,580.07
+170.04
+0.79%


Gold Futures
1,261.00
+8.10
+0.65%


SS&P/TSX Venture Index
760.88
-10.92
-1.41%


S&P/TSX Global Gold Index
192.26
-8.58
-4.27%



		 

		
Quarterly Performance


Index
Close
Quarterly
						Change($)
Quarterly
						Change(%)




Korean KOSPI Index
2,450.06
+285.02
+13.16%


Hang Seng Composite Index
3,671.13
+364.24
+11.01%


Nasdaq
6,387.75
+477.23
+8.07%


S&P Basic Materials
346.24
+18.87
+5.76%


S&P 500
2,472.54
+123.85
+5.27%


DJIA
21,580.07
+1,032.31
+5.02%


Russell 2000
1,435.84
+55.98
+4.06%


10-Yr Treasury Bond
2.24
-0.01
-0.53%


Gold Futures
1,261.00
-37.90
-2.92%


XAU
83.63
-3.21
-3.70%


S&P Energy
479.45
-19.08
-3.83%


Natural Gas Futures
2.95
-0.15
-4.74%


SS&P/TSX Venture Index
760.88
-64.04
-7.76%


Oil Futures
45.73
-3.89
-7.84%


S&P/TSX Global Gold Index
192.26
-25.35
-11.65%




	 

	U.S. Global Investors, Inc. is an investment adviser registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). This does not mean that we are sponsored, recommended, or approved by the SEC, or that our abilities or qualifications in any respect have been passed upon by the SEC or any officer of the SEC.
This commentary should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product.
Certain materials in this commentary may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication.
Some links above may be directed to third-party websites. U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by these websites and is not responsible for their content.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investHoldings may change daily.
Holdings may change daily. Holdings are reported as of the most recent quarter-end. The following securities mentioned in the article were held by one or more accounts managed by U.S. Global Investors as of 06/30/2017:
		Acacia Mining PLC
		Braskem SA
		Columbus Gold Corp
		Gamesa Corp Tecnologica SA
		Jaguar Mining
		Klondex Mines
		OTP Bank
		Seabridge Gold
		 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 blue chip stocks that are generally leaders in their industry.
		The S&P 500 Stock Index is a widely recognized capitalization-weighted index of 500 common stock prices in U.S. companies.
		The Nasdaq Composite Index is a capitalization-weighted index of all Nasdaq National Market and SmallCap stocks.
		The Russell 2000 Index® is a U.S. equity index measuring the performance of the 2,000 smallest companies in the Russell 3000®, a widely recognized small-cap index.
		The Hang Seng Composite Index is a market capitalization-weighted index that comprises the top 200 companies listed on Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, based on average market cap for the 12 months.
		The Taiwan Stock Exchange Index is a capitalization-weighted index of all listed common shares traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange.
		The Korea Stock Price Index is a capitalization-weighted index of all common shares and preferred shares on the Korean Stock Exchanges.
		The Philadelphia Stock Exchange Gold and Silver Index (XAU) is a capitalization-weighted index that includes the leading companies involved in the mining of gold and silver.
		The U.S. Trade Weighted Dollar Index provides a general indication of the international value of the U.S. dollar.
		The S&P/TSX Canadian Gold Capped Sector Index is a modified capitalization-weighted index, whose equity weights are capped 25 percent and index constituents are derived from a subset stock pool of S&P/TSX Composite Index stocks.
		The S&P 500 Energy Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the energy sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
		The S&P 500 Materials Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the material sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
		The S&P 500 Financials Index is a capitalization-weighted index. The index was developed with a base level of 10 for the 1941-43 base period.
		The S&P 500 Industrials Index is a Materials Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the industrial sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
		The S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the consumer discretionary sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
		The S&P 500 Information Technology Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the information technology sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
		The S&P 500 Consumer Staples Index is a Materials Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the consumer staples sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
		The S&P 500 Utilities Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the utilities sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
		The S&P 500 Healthcare Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the healthcare sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
		The S&P 500 Telecom Index is a Materials Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the telecom sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
		The NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index is a modified market capitalization weighted index comprised of publicly traded companies involved primarily in the mining for gold and silver.
		The Consumer Price Index (CPI) is one of the most widely recognized price measures for tracking the price of a market basket of goods and services purchased by individuals. The weights of components are based on consumer spending patterns.
		The Purchasing Manager’s Index is an indicator of the economic health of the manufacturing sector. The PMI index is based on five major indicators: new orders, inventory levels, production, supplier deliveries and the employment environment.
		The S&P/TSX Venture Composite Index is a broad market indicator for the Canadian venture capital market. The index is market capitalization weighted and, at its inception, included 531 companies. A quarterly revision process is used to remove companies that comprise less than 0.05% of the weight of the index, and add companies whose weight, when included, will be greater than 0.05% of the index.
ZEW Germany Expectation of Economic Growth is a survey on the question of economic growth in six months. The NAHB Housing Market Index is derived from a monthly survey, and gauges builder perceptions of current single-family home sales and sales expectations for the next six months, as well as rating traffic of prospective buyers. Scores from each component are then used to calculate a seasonally adjusted index where any number over 50 indicates that more builders view conditions as good than poor. The Philippine Stock Exchange PSEi Index is composed of stocks representative of the industrial, properties, services, holding firms, financial and mining & oil sectors of the Philippines Stock Exchange. The Jakarta Stock Price Index is a modified capitalization-weighted index of all stocks listed on the regular board of the Indonesia Stock Exchange. The Vietnam Stock Index or VN-Index is a capitalization-weighted index of all the companies listed on the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange. The Bloomberg Global Coal Producers Index is a capitalization-weighted index comprised of companies from the coal production industry. The FTSE 350 Mining Index is a capitalization-weighted index of all stocks designed to measure the performance of the mining sector of the FTSE 350 Index. The index was developed with a base value of 1000 as of December 31, 1985.
 



Share ““Mother of All Bubbles” Keeps Gold in Focus”






Email






1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Next »







Get Investor Alert On The Go

 
Looking for more content? Follow us on social media!
    
    









Net Asset Valueas of 07/27/2017




Global Resources Fund
PSPFX      $5.64
-0.06


Gold and Precious Metals Fund
USERX      $7.15
-0.05


World Precious Minerals Fund
UNWPX      $6.44
-0.08


China Region Fund
USCOX      $10.11
0.02


Emerging Europe Fund
EUROX      $6.67
-0.01


All American Equity Fund
GBTFX      $24.37
-0.23


Holmes Macro Trends Fund
MEGAX      $20.01
-0.09


Near-Term Tax Free Fund
NEARX      $2.23
No Change


U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund
UGSDX      $2.00
No Change








U.S. Global Investors, Inc. is an investment adviser registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). This does not mean that we are sponsored, recommended, or approved by the SEC, or that our abilities or qualifications in any respect have been passed upon by the SEC or any officer of the SEC.
This web page should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product.
Certain materials on the web page may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication.
Some links above may be directed to third-party websites. U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by these websites and is not responsible for their content.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.



How To Invest
Access My Account
Investment Professionals
Explore Our Funds

U.S. Global Investors • 7900 Callaghan Road San Antonio, Texas 78229 • 1-800-US-Funds
©2017 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Distributed by U.S. Global Brokerage, Inc.

Prospectus
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Policies and Procedures
Contact Us








 




Rosland Capital: Gold, Silver, Precious Metals







 


























Search Rosland Capital





GO





US NATIONAL DEBT

Loading...












Safeguard Your Wealth with Gold and Silver from Rosland Capital



Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.












(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming






















Submit
















As far back as the first Egyptian dynasty, gold and silver have been revered for their beauty and intrinsic value. Today, thousands of years later, gold and silver and other precious metals are still trusted choices for protecting your wealth.
As your precious metals resource, Rosland Capital offers everything you need to plan for the future and secure your financial assets with precious metals.
Are you looking to purchase your first bar of gold or silver? Are you shopping for precious coins to add to your collection? Or are you simply curious about the history and mysteries of precious metals?









Whatever your needs, Rosland Capital will:





Educate you about the time-tested value of precious metals and the benefits of having them in your portfolio or collection.



Offer high-quality customer service and helpful information that puts you at ease, making you feel confident about your choices.



Help you protect your retirement and wealth by introducing you to our precious metals products.






		Call us today at 1-800-375-0333 and we will help you with all your precious metal needs.
	










Claim Your Free Gold Kit
From fascinating gold coins to diversifying your retirement and asset portfolios with gold, our free kit explains the importance of using gold to strengthen your savings, as well as the options you have to safeguard your savings.
LEARN MORE







Consider a Gold-Backed IRA
Through market crises and economic downturns, the value of gold has stood the test of time. Protect your hard-earned savings, no matter the state of world affairs, by including a gold-backed IRA in your portfolio. Other precious metal- backed IRAs are also available. Our specialists can take you through the process of setting up a Gold IRA, or transferring an existing IRA funds to a Gold or Precious Metals IRA.
LEARN MORE




NEWS
Rosland Capital Releases Limited Edition Ayrton Senna Coins
Late last month, Rosland Capital unveiled a special silver and gold coin collection in commemoration of legendary F1 racer Ayrton Senna. The limited edition coins were unveiled at the 2017 Formula 1 Monaco Grand Prix.The coin collection was designed in collaboration with the Ayrton Senna Institute and includes six 30 oz gold coins in honor of the 30-year anniversary of Senna’s win at Monaco. Also included in the limited edition collection are 180 2.5 oz gold coins and 300 2.5oz silver coins. The coins are individually crafted and minted by the Swiss firm, Pamp S.A., and bear the iconic image of Ayrton Senna. A part of the coin proceeds will be given to the Ayrton Senna Foundation.The coin collection was presented by Rosland Capital CEO Marin Aleksov, who said that the company was honored to be included in the celebrations of the 30th anniversary of Ayrton Senna’s win at Monaco.For more information, go to https:/…
read MORE











2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Call for Price






2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Silver Coin
Call for Price






BRITISH GRAND PRIX ™ 1/4-oz Gold Coin
Call for Price






Lady Liberty Gold Coin Series
Call for Price




Previous
Next



BROWSE ALL PRODUCTS









Customer Agreement




 In order to finish processing, please submit a physical copy of this signed customer agreement along with your payment.


	This Customer Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Rosland Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a principal place of business located at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 ("Rosland Capital"), and the person(s) or entity identified on the signature page hereof ("Customer") for the purchase, sale and delivery of precious metals, coins and other products offered by Rosland Capital (collectively, the "Products"). The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all transactions between Customer and Rosland Capital. Download PDF
1. Purchases and Payments.
	1.1 Customer may place an order (each, a "Purchase Order") with a Rosland Capital representative (each, a "Rosland Capital Representative") by telephone for the purchase, sale and delivery of Products which shall have the same effect as if the Purchase Order was made in writing. Customer's Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative to ensure the details of the Purchase Order are correct and will include the price, quantity, method of payment and delivery and other material terms of the Purchase Order. Purchase Orders for bullion cannot be accepted prior to Rosland’s receipt of good funds, and after receipt of such funds the final terms of the Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative.

	1.2 Rosland Capital will send Customer a written confirmation of each Purchase Order (the "Confirmation") at the address provided by Customer to Rosland Capital. The amount due under the Purchase Order (the "Purchase Price") shall be due and payable in full to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving proof, semi-numismatic, numismatic or premium coins, and on or before the date of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving bullion (in either case, the "Payment Period"). Failure to pay the Purchase Price within the Payment Period shall constitute a default by Customer. Upon such default, Rosland Capital will be relieved of all its obligations under the Purchase Order and may recover from Customer the difference between the Purchase Price agreed to by Customer for the Products and Rosland Capital's actual resale price for the Products at the time of default, up to four percent (4%) of the Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 1.1 and 1.2, purchases made on-line at www.RoslandCapital.com shall be subject to the payment provisions set forth on-line by Rosland Capital from time to time.
	1.3 Customer agrees to pay the Purchase Price by personal check, credit card or bank wire (except that any payments for bullion shall be made by check or bank wire only). The Purchase Price specified in a Purchase Order shall include, without limitation, all shipping, handling, storage, delivery, taxes, assessments and other fees imposed on transactions involving the Products. All amounts stated in a Purchase Order are in U.S. Dollars and all payments made by Customer to Rosland Capital under a Purchase Order shall be made in the U.S. and in U.S. Dollars.
2. Delivery. Rosland Capital shall ship the Products to Customer, or Customer’s appointed agent or designee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase Order, within fourteen (14) business days (or such lesser period as required by law) of Rosland Capital’s actual receipt of the full Purchase Price from Customer. Title to the Products purchased by Customer and risk of loss thereto shall pass to Customer upon Customer’s, or Customer’s appointed agent's or designee's, actual receipt of the Products. Customer shall be responsible for all shipping and handling charges incurred in connection with the delivery of the Products and Customer acknowledges that shipping and handling charges will vary depending on the weight, value, destination and method of shipment of the Products.
  
3. Buy-Back Policy and Customer Service. If in the future you decide that you would like to sell any precious metal or coin products purchased from Rosland Capital, as a service to our customers, Rosland Capital will provide you the opportunity to sell such products back to us at the current market value determined by Rosland Capital for such products on the day the sale to us is completed. You are, of course, free to sell to others, but we believe that you may receive a higher net price by selling to Rosland Capital because we are familiar with the products we have sold you, and do not charge any additional fees or commissions when making such purchases. Due to market conditions and other factors, you may receive less than what you originally paid. Rosland Capital will make payment for any purchased Product within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the Products from Customer.Our buy-back policy is a voluntary service to our customers and is subject to withdrawal or change without notice. We may also purchase products not originally sold by Rosland Capital; however, such purchases are subject to additional fees and/or commissions at current market rates.Rosland Capital maintains a dedicated customer service department that handles all customer services, including liquidation requests, refund requests and complaints. Rosland Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer can be reached by phone at (800) 967-5151 or by email at services@RoslandCapital.com.
 
4. Refunds and Returns. Rosland Capital provides Customer the right to receive a full refund of the Purchase Price for the return of undamaged and unused Products; provided, however, that Rosland Capital receives written notice of Customer's intention to return the Products within seven (7) days after the date that Customer receives the Products, and provided, further, that such Products are returned to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days following receipt by Rosland Capital of notice of cancellation from Customer. Customer’s “receipt” of the Products is deemed to occur at the earliest of: (a) the date that Customer receives actual possession of the Products or (b) the date that Customer receives written confirmation from Rosland Capital that the Products have been deposited on Customer’s behalf in an independent depository. Rosland Capital shall, upon written notice of cancellation and receipt of the Products in the same condition as delivered, issue a full refund of the Purchase Price to Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of Rosland Capital's receipt of the returned Products from Customer.
 
5. Classifications. Rosland Capital's classification of a particular Product as bullion, numismatic, semi-numismatic or premium expresses Rosland Capital's opinion and other precious metal dealers or investors may classify the same Product differently. The classification of a particular Product depends on a number of objective and subjective factors and any classification may change over time. Rosland Capital's spread and prices are based on Rosland Capital's classification determinations. Bullion may be in bar or coin form, and its value primarily depends on its precious metal content. Its value fluctuates with the “spot price” of the precious metal, which is its current market price. Numismatic coins (including proof coins) are coins whose value primarily depends on factors such as demand, scarcity, dates, condition and grades, and less so on precious metal content. Semi-numismatic coins are coins that have some bullion value and thus their value may fluctuate with the spot price of the precious metal they contain, as well as other factors such as supply and demand. Premium coins include numismatic and semi-numismatic coins, as well as proof coins and Exclusive Specialty coins of limited mintage, whose value derives from their quality and limited supply, as well as their precious metal content. Exclusive Specialty coins are typically of high quality, limited mintage, high precious metal content and often from a branded or other unique source; Rosland Capital determines which products are designated Exclusive Specialty coins based upon the foregoing factors. Precious metals that have lower precious metal content, which may include some numismatics, will have a lower “melt value”, which is determined by multiplying the precious metal content of a coin or bar by its spot price. For example, if the spot price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, a coin containing one ounce of gold has a melt value of $1,000.6. Spread. The difference between the Purchase Price Customer pays for Products under a Purchase Order and the price that Rosland Capital actually pays for the Products purchased by Customer under such Purchase Order is known as the "spread" and it is stated as a percentage of the Purchase Price paid by the Customer.  Spreads charged to Customer under a particular transaction may differ significantly from spreads charged to other customers in similar transactions or spreads charged to Customer in other transactions. The spread on Rosland Capital's premium, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins typically ranges between 17% and 33%. The spread on Rosland Capital's bullion typically ranges between 4% and 21%. (For example, if Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a numismatic coin was $300 and included a 20% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $240. If Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a bullion coin was $300 and included a 5% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $285.) The spread on Rosland Capital's IRA (as defined below) transactions typically ranges between 17% and 25%. The foregoing spreads are approximations and the spreads at any time and for any given transaction may be significantly different. Exclusive Specialty coins designated by Rosland Capital are only sold by Rosland Capital from sources and based on designs exclusive to Rosland Capital at prices set by Rosland Capital based on their quality, limited mintage, precious metal content and branded or unique source, without any reference to any “spread,” which does not apply to this classification of coins.
 7. Pricing. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are established by Rosland Capital upon its analysis of each item and may change many times during the day. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are not tied to prices quoted by any other organization and there are no established daily limits on the amount those prices may change. Rosland Capital reserves the right to increase or decrease its prices at its sole discretion at any time. Customer is encouraged to compare Rosland Capital’s prices with those offered by other dealers. 
 8. Taxes. Tax consequences of transactions with Rosland Capital are the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer shall pay to Rosland Capital any sales, use or other tax applicable to transactions involving the Products.
 9. Security. Customer hereby grants Rosland Capital a lien and security interest in the Products in Rosland Capital's possession or control that Customer orders pursuant to a Purchase Order as collateral for any amounts owed by Customer to Rosland Capital under this Agreement, any Purchase Order or otherwise. Customer agrees to execute such additional documents as may be necessary to perfect or evidence this security interest.
 
10. Electronic Recordation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Rosland Capital may choose, in its sole discretion, to monitor or record Customer's telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by Rosland Capital in writing, Rosland Capital does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative by Customer or any third party. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital will not record all telephone conversations and that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone conversation will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.
  
11. Customer Representations. Customer hereby represents to Rosland Capital that (i) Customer is of legal age and capacity and has the requisite powers, authority, and rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) Customer is not a party, and will not become a party, to any agree­ment, obligation, or understanding that is inconsistent with this Agreement or mightlimit or impair Customer's performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Customer is an experienced investor who understands the risks and obligations involved under this Agreement; and (iv) Customer's transactions under this Agreement shall be for investment or other commercial purposes and not for any personal, family, household or other consumer purposes.
 
12. Acknowledgements.12.1 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital is a dealer in precious metals, coins and other related products. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is not an exchange or brokerage house or a financial or investment advisor and that neither Rosland Capital nor any Rosland Capital Representative acts as an agent or fiduciary for any of Rosland Capital's Customers.12.2 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products involve substantial risks. Market prices are volatile and unpredictable and may be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, political events, mon­etary policies of various countries, and fluctuations in production and demand. It is impossible to forecast accurately how or to what degree the foregoing or other factors will affect market prices. What is suitable for one customer with a given financial means may not be suitable for other customers with the same financial means.12.3 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products are speculative and volatile, and prices may rise and fall over time. Customer acknowledges that profit can only be made if prices for the Products rise in an amount over the Purchase Price paid by Customer for the Products and that Customer may still incur a loss despite favorable price movements.12.4 Customer acknowledges that Customer is financially and emotionally able to enter into transactions which are contemplated by this Agreement and is sensitive to and able to accept the risks and to meet the financial commitments being made under this Agreement.  12.5 Customer acknowledges that grades and descriptions of Products are opinions and not statements of fact, and are based on standards and interpretations that change over time. Rosland Capital uses contemporary grading standards and inter­pretations to grade its Products or relies upon the opinions of third party grading services such as Numismatic Guaranty Corporation and Professional Coin Grading Service. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that its Products will achieve the same grades from any third party grading service in the future.12.6 Customer acknowledges that Customer is responsible for all purchases made on Customer's account. If Customer believes that a Purchase Order has been entered into for Customer's account without Customer's authorization, Customer shall immedi­ately notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department at: compliance@RoslandCapital.com. Similarly, if Customer believes that any Rosland Capital Representative has made a verbal or written representation that is inconsistent with the terms or risks set forth herein or is unprofessional or offensive in nature, Customer will notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department immediately. Customer further acknowledges that if Customer fails to make the required notification within ten (10) business days following the date on which the event first became known to Customer, Customer waives all rights to contest such mat­ter.12.7 Rosland Capital Representatives may from time to time discuss the general direction of various financial markets. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives cannot guarantee any market movement. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives are not licensed as investment advisors and are not making any specific recommendations concerning any forms of investment. Rosland Capital and the Rosland Capital Representatives are not agents for Customer, have different financial interests and incentives from Customer and owe no fiduciary duty to Customer. Rosland Capital Representatives are commissioned salespersons whose commissions are greatest on numismatic, semi-numismatic and premium items and least on bullion. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital believes precious metals and coins are appropriate for 5% to 20% of a portfolio, although certain individuals or organizations might recommend a different percentage. Customer agrees to independently determine what percentage is appropriate for Customer based upon Customer’s individual circumstance. 12.8 Customer acknowledges that Customer has conducted and will conduct Customer's own research and analysis regarding the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital and Customer will not rely upon any statements made by a Rosland Capital Representative concerning the future value of the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital. Rosland Capital does not provide investment or financial advice. Customer acknowledges that precious metals and coins do not earn interest or current income.12.9 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the 1930’s gold recall by the Government is as follows: “In 1933, the U.S. Government, by Executive Order, prohibited the private ownership of certain quantities of gold bars and coins.  There were several exceptions to this ban, including allowing people to own “gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins.”  At the time the United States was on the gold standard.  Since 1971 the United States has not been on the gold standard.  The Executive Order prohibiting private ownership was repealed in 1974.  Currently, there are no restrictions on gold ownership, and the ability of the U.S. Government to recall gold is limited to times of war and requires action by the President or Congress.  No one can say with certainty if or how the U.S. Government might prohibit ownership of gold in the future, or whether any particular gold product might be exempt from any future prohibitions.”12.10 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the reportability of precious metals is as follows: “Many of our customers are concerned about personal privacy or disclosing that they own precious metals.  Accordingly, they often choose to purchase precious metals that do not require disclosure of personal information such as name, address and social security number when they sell such precious metals. Currently, certain bullion, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins do not require disclosure of such personal information when a customer sells them.”12.11 Customer acknowledges that Customer has read Rosland Capital’s brochure, which provides additional information about the risks of buying and selling precious metals and coins. This brochure is updated period­ically and it is Customer's responsibility to remain up to date by requesting a copy of the most recent version at Rosland Capital's website, www.RoslandCapital.com.12.12 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital may provide information about companies which provide trustee and custodian services for Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA) as a convenience to its customers.  Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is independent from and not affiliated with any of the companies which may provide those services. It is Customer's responsibility to independently select the IRA service company suitable for Customer. Rosland Capital shall have no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from Customer's dealings with any IRA service company.13. DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.13.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ROSLAND CAPITAL PROVIDES THE PRODUCTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ROSLAND CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FUTURE VALUE, OTHER THAN THOSE MADE EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY.13.2 EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION ON WHICH THEY ARE BASED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.13.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.
	 

	14.  Miscellaneous/Arbitration.14.1 Customer expressly authorizes Rosland Capital to contact Customer at the telephone numbers provided in this Agreement regardless of whether these numbers are listed on any state or federal Do Not Call list. If Customer requests that Rosland Capital no longer contact Customer, Rosland Capital will promptly place Customer on Rosland Capital's Do Not Call list.14.2 In no event will Rosland Capital be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if and to the extent such default or delay is caused by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God; wars, terrorist acts, site-specific terrorist threats, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions; strikes, lockouts or labor disputes;governmental actions, suspensions of commodity exchanges, the failure or delay of Rosland Capital's suppliers; or the failure or disruption of the Internet, including but not limited to any failure, error or disruption involving any third party Internet service providers or Rosland Capital’s own internal computer systems; or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of Rosland Capital.14.3 Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Rosland Capital's written consent. Rosland Capital may freely assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Customer.14.4 All communications shall be sent to Rosland Capital at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 and to Customer at the address set forth above or such other address subsequently provided to Rosland Capital by Customer in writing. All communications given by Rosland Capital to Customer by mail shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier; if hand delivered, when delivered to Customer's address; if telephonic, at the time of such phone conversation or facsimile transmission; or if by email, on the day of such transmission.14.5 Customer will notify Rosland Capital promptly of the death of any signer on a Rosland Capital account by providing a certified death certificate. Upon proof of death, Rosland Capital will recognize the account as the sole property of the estate or lawful heirs, as substantiated in documents provided to Rosland Capital. Customer agrees to hold Rosland Capital harmless and defend against any loss, liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any action taken by Rosland Capital in reliance upon the foregoing. Rosland Capital may require such additional consents, documents or other papers in order to substantiate ownership of accounts and may retain account balances until it is reasonably satisfied of the ownership of such account and the persons authorized to take action with respect thereto.14.6 Governing Law; Arbitration. The formation of this Agreement constitutes the making of this contract within Los Angeles County, California, regardless of the manner, timing or location of delivery or receipt of acceptance of this Agreement. The parties agree that Los Angeles County, California is the exclusive venue for filing any action and hearing concerning disputes arising from or relating to the Products or this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflict of law principles. CUSTOMER AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND ROSLAND  CAPITAL (INCLUDING ANY OF ROSLAND CAPITAL'S CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SCOPE OR APPLICABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE KEPT IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION HEARING, WILL BE LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, TO ENFORCE THIS SECTION. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT IT WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN THE BASIC ARBITRATION COSTS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATION FEES AND THE FEES OF THE ARBITRATOR(S). EACH PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS FEES RELATED TO THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.14.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY AGREES TO HAVE ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT DECIDED BY ARBITRATION AND IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES DETERMINED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR BY A JURY. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS SIMILARLY WAIVING ITS RIGHTS TO APPEAL, UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN.14.8 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs to Compel Arbitration. IN THE EVENT (1) CUSTOMER REFUSES TO ARBITRATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT BY COMMENCING ANY ACTION AGAINST ROSLAND CAPITAL IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURT, OR OTHERWISE, AND (2) ROSLAND CAPITAL OBTAINS ANY RELIEF WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM A PETITION OR MOTION (OR LIKE PROCEDURAL MECHANISM) TO COMPEL ARBITRATION, THEN CUSTOMER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF ROSLAND CAPITAL’S REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL’S EFFORTS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.14.9 Waiver of Class Action. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT CUSTOMER MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE. ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE ASSERTED INDIVIDUALLY.14.10 One Year Limit to Bring Claims. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CUSTOMER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE CALENDAR YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES, OR FOREVER BE BARRED. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, CUSTOMER MIGHT HAVE A LONGER TIME PERIOD TO INITIATE A CLAIM UNDER STATE OR FEDERAL LAW.14.11 Limitation on Damages. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY BRINGING AN ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY ACTUAL CONTRACT DAMAGES AND TORT DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE PARTY AND PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY AND RESULTING FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S ALLEGED BREACH, AND IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.  THIS SECTION STATES THE EXCLUSIVE DAMAGE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER.14.12 The terms and provisions in this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.14.13 No failure or delay by Rosland Capital in exercising any of its rights, powers, or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy. No waiver or modification of any term of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.14.14 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and delivered by facsimile transmission, each copy of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.14.15 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, and agreements between the parties.
Download / View Print-Friendly PDF 




1Print Customer AgreementDOWNLOAD 


2Read and Sign Customer Agreement 


3Mail to Rosland Capital 11766 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1200Los Angeles, CA 90025





Close


















Rosland Capital: Gold, Silver, Precious Metals







 


























Search Rosland Capital





GO





US NATIONAL DEBT

Loading...












Safeguard Your Wealth with Gold and Silver from Rosland Capital



Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.












(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming






















Submit
















As far back as the first Egyptian dynasty, gold and silver have been revered for their beauty and intrinsic value. Today, thousands of years later, gold and silver and other precious metals are still trusted choices for protecting your wealth.
As your precious metals resource, Rosland Capital offers everything you need to plan for the future and secure your financial assets with precious metals.
Are you looking to purchase your first bar of gold or silver? Are you shopping for precious coins to add to your collection? Or are you simply curious about the history and mysteries of precious metals?









Whatever your needs, Rosland Capital will:





Educate you about the time-tested value of precious metals and the benefits of having them in your portfolio or collection.



Offer high-quality customer service and helpful information that puts you at ease, making you feel confident about your choices.



Help you protect your retirement and wealth by introducing you to our precious metals products.






		Call us today at 1-800-375-0333 and we will help you with all your precious metal needs.
	










Claim Your Free Gold Kit
From fascinating gold coins to diversifying your retirement and asset portfolios with gold, our free kit explains the importance of using gold to strengthen your savings, as well as the options you have to safeguard your savings.
LEARN MORE







Consider a Gold-Backed IRA
Through market crises and economic downturns, the value of gold has stood the test of time. Protect your hard-earned savings, no matter the state of world affairs, by including a gold-backed IRA in your portfolio. Other precious metal- backed IRAs are also available. Our specialists can take you through the process of setting up a Gold IRA, or transferring an existing IRA funds to a Gold or Precious Metals IRA.
LEARN MORE




NEWS
Rosland Capital Releases Limited Edition Ayrton Senna Coins
Late last month, Rosland Capital unveiled a special silver and gold coin collection in commemoration of legendary F1 racer Ayrton Senna. The limited edition coins were unveiled at the 2017 Formula 1 Monaco Grand Prix.The coin collection was designed in collaboration with the Ayrton Senna Institute and includes six 30 oz gold coins in honor of the 30-year anniversary of Senna’s win at Monaco. Also included in the limited edition collection are 180 2.5 oz gold coins and 300 2.5oz silver coins. The coins are individually crafted and minted by the Swiss firm, Pamp S.A., and bear the iconic image of Ayrton Senna. A part of the coin proceeds will be given to the Ayrton Senna Foundation.The coin collection was presented by Rosland Capital CEO Marin Aleksov, who said that the company was honored to be included in the celebrations of the 30th anniversary of Ayrton Senna’s win at Monaco.For more information, go to https:/…
read MORE











2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Call for Price






2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Silver Coin
Call for Price






BRITISH GRAND PRIX ™ 1/4-oz Gold Coin
Call for Price






Lady Liberty Gold Coin Series
Call for Price




Previous
Next



BROWSE ALL PRODUCTS









Customer Agreement




 In order to finish processing, please submit a physical copy of this signed customer agreement along with your payment.


	This Customer Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Rosland Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a principal place of business located at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 ("Rosland Capital"), and the person(s) or entity identified on the signature page hereof ("Customer") for the purchase, sale and delivery of precious metals, coins and other products offered by Rosland Capital (collectively, the "Products"). The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all transactions between Customer and Rosland Capital. Download PDF
1. Purchases and Payments.
	1.1 Customer may place an order (each, a "Purchase Order") with a Rosland Capital representative (each, a "Rosland Capital Representative") by telephone for the purchase, sale and delivery of Products which shall have the same effect as if the Purchase Order was made in writing. Customer's Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative to ensure the details of the Purchase Order are correct and will include the price, quantity, method of payment and delivery and other material terms of the Purchase Order. Purchase Orders for bullion cannot be accepted prior to Rosland’s receipt of good funds, and after receipt of such funds the final terms of the Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative.

	1.2 Rosland Capital will send Customer a written confirmation of each Purchase Order (the "Confirmation") at the address provided by Customer to Rosland Capital. The amount due under the Purchase Order (the "Purchase Price") shall be due and payable in full to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving proof, semi-numismatic, numismatic or premium coins, and on or before the date of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving bullion (in either case, the "Payment Period"). Failure to pay the Purchase Price within the Payment Period shall constitute a default by Customer. Upon such default, Rosland Capital will be relieved of all its obligations under the Purchase Order and may recover from Customer the difference between the Purchase Price agreed to by Customer for the Products and Rosland Capital's actual resale price for the Products at the time of default, up to four percent (4%) of the Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 1.1 and 1.2, purchases made on-line at www.RoslandCapital.com shall be subject to the payment provisions set forth on-line by Rosland Capital from time to time.
	1.3 Customer agrees to pay the Purchase Price by personal check, credit card or bank wire (except that any payments for bullion shall be made by check or bank wire only). The Purchase Price specified in a Purchase Order shall include, without limitation, all shipping, handling, storage, delivery, taxes, assessments and other fees imposed on transactions involving the Products. All amounts stated in a Purchase Order are in U.S. Dollars and all payments made by Customer to Rosland Capital under a Purchase Order shall be made in the U.S. and in U.S. Dollars.
2. Delivery. Rosland Capital shall ship the Products to Customer, or Customer’s appointed agent or designee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase Order, within fourteen (14) business days (or such lesser period as required by law) of Rosland Capital’s actual receipt of the full Purchase Price from Customer. Title to the Products purchased by Customer and risk of loss thereto shall pass to Customer upon Customer’s, or Customer’s appointed agent's or designee's, actual receipt of the Products. Customer shall be responsible for all shipping and handling charges incurred in connection with the delivery of the Products and Customer acknowledges that shipping and handling charges will vary depending on the weight, value, destination and method of shipment of the Products.
  
3. Buy-Back Policy and Customer Service. If in the future you decide that you would like to sell any precious metal or coin products purchased from Rosland Capital, as a service to our customers, Rosland Capital will provide you the opportunity to sell such products back to us at the current market value determined by Rosland Capital for such products on the day the sale to us is completed. You are, of course, free to sell to others, but we believe that you may receive a higher net price by selling to Rosland Capital because we are familiar with the products we have sold you, and do not charge any additional fees or commissions when making such purchases. Due to market conditions and other factors, you may receive less than what you originally paid. Rosland Capital will make payment for any purchased Product within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the Products from Customer.Our buy-back policy is a voluntary service to our customers and is subject to withdrawal or change without notice. We may also purchase products not originally sold by Rosland Capital; however, such purchases are subject to additional fees and/or commissions at current market rates.Rosland Capital maintains a dedicated customer service department that handles all customer services, including liquidation requests, refund requests and complaints. Rosland Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer can be reached by phone at (800) 967-5151 or by email at services@RoslandCapital.com.
 
4. Refunds and Returns. Rosland Capital provides Customer the right to receive a full refund of the Purchase Price for the return of undamaged and unused Products; provided, however, that Rosland Capital receives written notice of Customer's intention to return the Products within seven (7) days after the date that Customer receives the Products, and provided, further, that such Products are returned to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days following receipt by Rosland Capital of notice of cancellation from Customer. Customer’s “receipt” of the Products is deemed to occur at the earliest of: (a) the date that Customer receives actual possession of the Products or (b) the date that Customer receives written confirmation from Rosland Capital that the Products have been deposited on Customer’s behalf in an independent depository. Rosland Capital shall, upon written notice of cancellation and receipt of the Products in the same condition as delivered, issue a full refund of the Purchase Price to Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of Rosland Capital's receipt of the returned Products from Customer.
 
5. Classifications. Rosland Capital's classification of a particular Product as bullion, numismatic, semi-numismatic or premium expresses Rosland Capital's opinion and other precious metal dealers or investors may classify the same Product differently. The classification of a particular Product depends on a number of objective and subjective factors and any classification may change over time. Rosland Capital's spread and prices are based on Rosland Capital's classification determinations. Bullion may be in bar or coin form, and its value primarily depends on its precious metal content. Its value fluctuates with the “spot price” of the precious metal, which is its current market price. Numismatic coins (including proof coins) are coins whose value primarily depends on factors such as demand, scarcity, dates, condition and grades, and less so on precious metal content. Semi-numismatic coins are coins that have some bullion value and thus their value may fluctuate with the spot price of the precious metal they contain, as well as other factors such as supply and demand. Premium coins include numismatic and semi-numismatic coins, as well as proof coins and Exclusive Specialty coins of limited mintage, whose value derives from their quality and limited supply, as well as their precious metal content. Exclusive Specialty coins are typically of high quality, limited mintage, high precious metal content and often from a branded or other unique source; Rosland Capital determines which products are designated Exclusive Specialty coins based upon the foregoing factors. Precious metals that have lower precious metal content, which may include some numismatics, will have a lower “melt value”, which is determined by multiplying the precious metal content of a coin or bar by its spot price. For example, if the spot price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, a coin containing one ounce of gold has a melt value of $1,000.6. Spread. The difference between the Purchase Price Customer pays for Products under a Purchase Order and the price that Rosland Capital actually pays for the Products purchased by Customer under such Purchase Order is known as the "spread" and it is stated as a percentage of the Purchase Price paid by the Customer.  Spreads charged to Customer under a particular transaction may differ significantly from spreads charged to other customers in similar transactions or spreads charged to Customer in other transactions. The spread on Rosland Capital's premium, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins typically ranges between 17% and 33%. The spread on Rosland Capital's bullion typically ranges between 4% and 21%. (For example, if Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a numismatic coin was $300 and included a 20% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $240. If Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a bullion coin was $300 and included a 5% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $285.) The spread on Rosland Capital's IRA (as defined below) transactions typically ranges between 17% and 25%. The foregoing spreads are approximations and the spreads at any time and for any given transaction may be significantly different. Exclusive Specialty coins designated by Rosland Capital are only sold by Rosland Capital from sources and based on designs exclusive to Rosland Capital at prices set by Rosland Capital based on their quality, limited mintage, precious metal content and branded or unique source, without any reference to any “spread,” which does not apply to this classification of coins.
 7. Pricing. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are established by Rosland Capital upon its analysis of each item and may change many times during the day. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are not tied to prices quoted by any other organization and there are no established daily limits on the amount those prices may change. Rosland Capital reserves the right to increase or decrease its prices at its sole discretion at any time. Customer is encouraged to compare Rosland Capital’s prices with those offered by other dealers. 
 8. Taxes. Tax consequences of transactions with Rosland Capital are the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer shall pay to Rosland Capital any sales, use or other tax applicable to transactions involving the Products.
 9. Security. Customer hereby grants Rosland Capital a lien and security interest in the Products in Rosland Capital's possession or control that Customer orders pursuant to a Purchase Order as collateral for any amounts owed by Customer to Rosland Capital under this Agreement, any Purchase Order or otherwise. Customer agrees to execute such additional documents as may be necessary to perfect or evidence this security interest.
 
10. Electronic Recordation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Rosland Capital may choose, in its sole discretion, to monitor or record Customer's telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by Rosland Capital in writing, Rosland Capital does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative by Customer or any third party. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital will not record all telephone conversations and that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone conversation will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.
  
11. Customer Representations. Customer hereby represents to Rosland Capital that (i) Customer is of legal age and capacity and has the requisite powers, authority, and rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) Customer is not a party, and will not become a party, to any agree­ment, obligation, or understanding that is inconsistent with this Agreement or mightlimit or impair Customer's performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Customer is an experienced investor who understands the risks and obligations involved under this Agreement; and (iv) Customer's transactions under this Agreement shall be for investment or other commercial purposes and not for any personal, family, household or other consumer purposes.
 
12. Acknowledgements.12.1 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital is a dealer in precious metals, coins and other related products. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is not an exchange or brokerage house or a financial or investment advisor and that neither Rosland Capital nor any Rosland Capital Representative acts as an agent or fiduciary for any of Rosland Capital's Customers.12.2 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products involve substantial risks. Market prices are volatile and unpredictable and may be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, political events, mon­etary policies of various countries, and fluctuations in production and demand. It is impossible to forecast accurately how or to what degree the foregoing or other factors will affect market prices. What is suitable for one customer with a given financial means may not be suitable for other customers with the same financial means.12.3 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products are speculative and volatile, and prices may rise and fall over time. Customer acknowledges that profit can only be made if prices for the Products rise in an amount over the Purchase Price paid by Customer for the Products and that Customer may still incur a loss despite favorable price movements.12.4 Customer acknowledges that Customer is financially and emotionally able to enter into transactions which are contemplated by this Agreement and is sensitive to and able to accept the risks and to meet the financial commitments being made under this Agreement.  12.5 Customer acknowledges that grades and descriptions of Products are opinions and not statements of fact, and are based on standards and interpretations that change over time. Rosland Capital uses contemporary grading standards and inter­pretations to grade its Products or relies upon the opinions of third party grading services such as Numismatic Guaranty Corporation and Professional Coin Grading Service. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that its Products will achieve the same grades from any third party grading service in the future.12.6 Customer acknowledges that Customer is responsible for all purchases made on Customer's account. If Customer believes that a Purchase Order has been entered into for Customer's account without Customer's authorization, Customer shall immedi­ately notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department at: compliance@RoslandCapital.com. Similarly, if Customer believes that any Rosland Capital Representative has made a verbal or written representation that is inconsistent with the terms or risks set forth herein or is unprofessional or offensive in nature, Customer will notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department immediately. Customer further acknowledges that if Customer fails to make the required notification within ten (10) business days following the date on which the event first became known to Customer, Customer waives all rights to contest such mat­ter.12.7 Rosland Capital Representatives may from time to time discuss the general direction of various financial markets. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives cannot guarantee any market movement. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives are not licensed as investment advisors and are not making any specific recommendations concerning any forms of investment. Rosland Capital and the Rosland Capital Representatives are not agents for Customer, have different financial interests and incentives from Customer and owe no fiduciary duty to Customer. Rosland Capital Representatives are commissioned salespersons whose commissions are greatest on numismatic, semi-numismatic and premium items and least on bullion. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital believes precious metals and coins are appropriate for 5% to 20% of a portfolio, although certain individuals or organizations might recommend a different percentage. Customer agrees to independently determine what percentage is appropriate for Customer based upon Customer’s individual circumstance. 12.8 Customer acknowledges that Customer has conducted and will conduct Customer's own research and analysis regarding the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital and Customer will not rely upon any statements made by a Rosland Capital Representative concerning the future value of the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital. Rosland Capital does not provide investment or financial advice. Customer acknowledges that precious metals and coins do not earn interest or current income.12.9 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the 1930’s gold recall by the Government is as follows: “In 1933, the U.S. Government, by Executive Order, prohibited the private ownership of certain quantities of gold bars and coins.  There were several exceptions to this ban, including allowing people to own “gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins.”  At the time the United States was on the gold standard.  Since 1971 the United States has not been on the gold standard.  The Executive Order prohibiting private ownership was repealed in 1974.  Currently, there are no restrictions on gold ownership, and the ability of the U.S. Government to recall gold is limited to times of war and requires action by the President or Congress.  No one can say with certainty if or how the U.S. Government might prohibit ownership of gold in the future, or whether any particular gold product might be exempt from any future prohibitions.”12.10 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the reportability of precious metals is as follows: “Many of our customers are concerned about personal privacy or disclosing that they own precious metals.  Accordingly, they often choose to purchase precious metals that do not require disclosure of personal information such as name, address and social security number when they sell such precious metals. Currently, certain bullion, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins do not require disclosure of such personal information when a customer sells them.”12.11 Customer acknowledges that Customer has read Rosland Capital’s brochure, which provides additional information about the risks of buying and selling precious metals and coins. This brochure is updated period­ically and it is Customer's responsibility to remain up to date by requesting a copy of the most recent version at Rosland Capital's website, www.RoslandCapital.com.12.12 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital may provide information about companies which provide trustee and custodian services for Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA) as a convenience to its customers.  Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is independent from and not affiliated with any of the companies which may provide those services. It is Customer's responsibility to independently select the IRA service company suitable for Customer. Rosland Capital shall have no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from Customer's dealings with any IRA service company.13. DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.13.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ROSLAND CAPITAL PROVIDES THE PRODUCTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ROSLAND CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FUTURE VALUE, OTHER THAN THOSE MADE EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY.13.2 EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION ON WHICH THEY ARE BASED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.13.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.
	 

	14.  Miscellaneous/Arbitration.14.1 Customer expressly authorizes Rosland Capital to contact Customer at the telephone numbers provided in this Agreement regardless of whether these numbers are listed on any state or federal Do Not Call list. If Customer requests that Rosland Capital no longer contact Customer, Rosland Capital will promptly place Customer on Rosland Capital's Do Not Call list.14.2 In no event will Rosland Capital be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if and to the extent such default or delay is caused by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God; wars, terrorist acts, site-specific terrorist threats, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions; strikes, lockouts or labor disputes;governmental actions, suspensions of commodity exchanges, the failure or delay of Rosland Capital's suppliers; or the failure or disruption of the Internet, including but not limited to any failure, error or disruption involving any third party Internet service providers or Rosland Capital’s own internal computer systems; or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of Rosland Capital.14.3 Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Rosland Capital's written consent. Rosland Capital may freely assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Customer.14.4 All communications shall be sent to Rosland Capital at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 and to Customer at the address set forth above or such other address subsequently provided to Rosland Capital by Customer in writing. All communications given by Rosland Capital to Customer by mail shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier; if hand delivered, when delivered to Customer's address; if telephonic, at the time of such phone conversation or facsimile transmission; or if by email, on the day of such transmission.14.5 Customer will notify Rosland Capital promptly of the death of any signer on a Rosland Capital account by providing a certified death certificate. Upon proof of death, Rosland Capital will recognize the account as the sole property of the estate or lawful heirs, as substantiated in documents provided to Rosland Capital. Customer agrees to hold Rosland Capital harmless and defend against any loss, liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any action taken by Rosland Capital in reliance upon the foregoing. Rosland Capital may require such additional consents, documents or other papers in order to substantiate ownership of accounts and may retain account balances until it is reasonably satisfied of the ownership of such account and the persons authorized to take action with respect thereto.14.6 Governing Law; Arbitration. The formation of this Agreement constitutes the making of this contract within Los Angeles County, California, regardless of the manner, timing or location of delivery or receipt of acceptance of this Agreement. The parties agree that Los Angeles County, California is the exclusive venue for filing any action and hearing concerning disputes arising from or relating to the Products or this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflict of law principles. CUSTOMER AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND ROSLAND  CAPITAL (INCLUDING ANY OF ROSLAND CAPITAL'S CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SCOPE OR APPLICABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE KEPT IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION HEARING, WILL BE LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, TO ENFORCE THIS SECTION. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT IT WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN THE BASIC ARBITRATION COSTS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATION FEES AND THE FEES OF THE ARBITRATOR(S). EACH PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS FEES RELATED TO THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.14.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY AGREES TO HAVE ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT DECIDED BY ARBITRATION AND IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES DETERMINED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR BY A JURY. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS SIMILARLY WAIVING ITS RIGHTS TO APPEAL, UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN.14.8 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs to Compel Arbitration. IN THE EVENT (1) CUSTOMER REFUSES TO ARBITRATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT BY COMMENCING ANY ACTION AGAINST ROSLAND CAPITAL IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURT, OR OTHERWISE, AND (2) ROSLAND CAPITAL OBTAINS ANY RELIEF WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM A PETITION OR MOTION (OR LIKE PROCEDURAL MECHANISM) TO COMPEL ARBITRATION, THEN CUSTOMER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF ROSLAND CAPITAL’S REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL’S EFFORTS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.14.9 Waiver of Class Action. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT CUSTOMER MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE. ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE ASSERTED INDIVIDUALLY.14.10 One Year Limit to Bring Claims. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CUSTOMER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE CALENDAR YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES, OR FOREVER BE BARRED. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, CUSTOMER MIGHT HAVE A LONGER TIME PERIOD TO INITIATE A CLAIM UNDER STATE OR FEDERAL LAW.14.11 Limitation on Damages. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY BRINGING AN ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY ACTUAL CONTRACT DAMAGES AND TORT DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE PARTY AND PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY AND RESULTING FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S ALLEGED BREACH, AND IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.  THIS SECTION STATES THE EXCLUSIVE DAMAGE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER.14.12 The terms and provisions in this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.14.13 No failure or delay by Rosland Capital in exercising any of its rights, powers, or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy. No waiver or modification of any term of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.14.14 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and delivered by facsimile transmission, each copy of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.14.15 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, and agreements between the parties.
Download / View Print-Friendly PDF 




1Print Customer AgreementDOWNLOAD 


2Read and Sign Customer Agreement 


3Mail to Rosland Capital 11766 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1200Los Angeles, CA 90025





Close


















Buy Gold Coins & Gold Bars | Rosland Capital



































Search Rosland Capital





GO





US NATIONAL DEBT

Loading...











Home

 
Products

 
Gold


 



Add gold coins to your collection or portfolio.

Rosland Capital offers an exciting selection of beautiful gold bullion coins, with many eligible for precious metals-backed IRAs. If you are looking for asset portfolio diversity, we can help you get your hands on gold coins such as the South African Krugerrand, Canadian Gold Maple Leaf, American Gold Eagle and American Gold Buffalo. 
Explore our collection of beautiful, premium numismatic gold coins. These premium items are known for their intricate and breathtaking designs, with the Saint-Gaudens Double Eagle being perhaps the best example. Rosland Capital also has coins like the American Indian Head and Liberty Head coins in multiple denominations. 


Talk to a representative by calling 1-800-375-0333



*Coin images not to scale







Ayrton Senna 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Each 2.5 oz gold coin is offered in a handsome presentation case along w...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Ayrton Senna 30-oz Gold Coin
As a special tribute to Mr Senna’s achievement in winning six times at M...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










2016 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Features all 21 F1® Grand Prix Circ...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
The beautifully crafted commemorative gold coin lists all the 2017 seaso...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










BRITISH GRAND PRIX ™ 1/4-oz Gold Coin

	The FORMULA 1® BRITISH GRAND PRIX™ has a rich histor...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










GRAN PREMIO D'ITALIA™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted GRAN PREMIO D'ITALIA™ coins featur...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX™ coins feature...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










GRANDE PRÊMIO DO BRASIL™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted GRANDE PRÊMIO DO BRASIL™ coins feature...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ coins feature the...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 5-oz. Gold Coin
These limited edition 5oz 999.9 fine gold coins celebrate the ABU DHABI...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 5 kilo Gold Coin
Few people have ever seen a 5 kilo 999.9 fine gold coin, and far f...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










2016 Formula 1 ® Kilo Gold Coin
The Kilo gold coin lists the worldwide races of the 2016 Formula One cal...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












Lady Liberty Gold Coin Series
The Lady Liberty coin series is minted by world-renowned, Swiss-based PA...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$20 Liberty Gold Coin
The $20 Liberty Gold Coin, designed by Chief Engraver of the U.S. Mint J...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$10 Liberty Gold Coin
The $10 Liberty Gold Coin is also called the Coronet, named after the si...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












$5 Liberty Gold Coin
Authorized by Congress in 1792, the $5 Liberty Gold Coin was the first c...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$2.50 Liberty Gold Coin
Wanting uniformity among gold coins, U.S. Mint Chief Engraver Christian...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










American Buffalo Gold Coin
Based on James Earle Fraser’s sculpture of the iconic Buffalo Nickel of...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












American Eagle Gold Coin
Congressionally authorized and introduced in 1986, American Eagle Gold b...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Austrian Philharmonic Gold Coin
The Austrian Gold Philharmonic coin led worldwide gold coin sales in 199...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










South African Krugerrand Gold Coin
The South African Krugerrand, first minted in 1967 to market South Afric...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












American Eagle Gold Proof
The American Eagle Gold proof is a collectible version of the popular Am...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$10 Indian Head Gold Coin
Most presidents are no doubt delighted to receive the inaugural medal gi...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
The $20 Saint-Gaudens is one of the most beautiful and most sought-after...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












$5 Indian Head Gold Coin
On advice from a friend, President Theodore Roosevelt chose Boston sculp...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1899 Graded $10 Liberty Gold Coin 
The 1899 $10 Liberty Gold Coin is also known as the Coronet, after the c...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1900 Graded $10 Liberty Gold Coin 
The 1900 $10 Liberty Gold Coin, also known as the Coronet, owes its name...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












1912 Graded $10 Indian Head Gold Coin
Upon President Theodore Roosevelt’s inauguration, he was dissatisfied wi...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1922 Graded $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
The $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin is one of the most highly sought-after,...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1923 Graded $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
One of the most beautiful and desired coins in the world is the $20 Sain...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












1927 Graded $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
The $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin is one of the most highly desired coins...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Sovereign Gold Coin
The Sovereign is a gold coin of the United Kingdom. It has a nominal val...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Gold Britannia Coin
The 1 oz Britannia coins are British bullion coins issued by the Royal M...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












Gold Bullion Bars
Gold bars have captivated people throughout history. The earliest types...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 















Customer Agreement




 In order to finish processing, please submit a physical copy of this signed customer agreement along with your payment.


	This Customer Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Rosland Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a principal place of business located at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 ("Rosland Capital"), and the person(s) or entity identified on the signature page hereof ("Customer") for the purchase, sale and delivery of precious metals, coins and other products offered by Rosland Capital (collectively, the "Products"). The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all transactions between Customer and Rosland Capital. Download PDF
1. Purchases and Payments.
	1.1 Customer may place an order (each, a "Purchase Order") with a Rosland Capital representative (each, a "Rosland Capital Representative") by telephone for the purchase, sale and delivery of Products which shall have the same effect as if the Purchase Order was made in writing. Customer's Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative to ensure the details of the Purchase Order are correct and will include the price, quantity, method of payment and delivery and other material terms of the Purchase Order. Purchase Orders for bullion cannot be accepted prior to Rosland’s receipt of good funds, and after receipt of such funds the final terms of the Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative.

	1.2 Rosland Capital will send Customer a written confirmation of each Purchase Order (the "Confirmation") at the address provided by Customer to Rosland Capital. The amount due under the Purchase Order (the "Purchase Price") shall be due and payable in full to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving proof, semi-numismatic, numismatic or premium coins, and on or before the date of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving bullion (in either case, the "Payment Period"). Failure to pay the Purchase Price within the Payment Period shall constitute a default by Customer. Upon such default, Rosland Capital will be relieved of all its obligations under the Purchase Order and may recover from Customer the difference between the Purchase Price agreed to by Customer for the Products and Rosland Capital's actual resale price for the Products at the time of default, up to four percent (4%) of the Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 1.1 and 1.2, purchases made on-line at www.RoslandCapital.com shall be subject to the payment provisions set forth on-line by Rosland Capital from time to time.
	1.3 Customer agrees to pay the Purchase Price by personal check, credit card or bank wire (except that any payments for bullion shall be made by check or bank wire only). The Purchase Price specified in a Purchase Order shall include, without limitation, all shipping, handling, storage, delivery, taxes, assessments and other fees imposed on transactions involving the Products. All amounts stated in a Purchase Order are in U.S. Dollars and all payments made by Customer to Rosland Capital under a Purchase Order shall be made in the U.S. and in U.S. Dollars.
2. Delivery. Rosland Capital shall ship the Products to Customer, or Customer’s appointed agent or designee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase Order, within fourteen (14) business days (or such lesser period as required by law) of Rosland Capital’s actual receipt of the full Purchase Price from Customer. Title to the Products purchased by Customer and risk of loss thereto shall pass to Customer upon Customer’s, or Customer’s appointed agent's or designee's, actual receipt of the Products. Customer shall be responsible for all shipping and handling charges incurred in connection with the delivery of the Products and Customer acknowledges that shipping and handling charges will vary depending on the weight, value, destination and method of shipment of the Products.
  
3. Buy-Back Policy and Customer Service. If in the future you decide that you would like to sell any precious metal or coin products purchased from Rosland Capital, as a service to our customers, Rosland Capital will provide you the opportunity to sell such products back to us at the current market value determined by Rosland Capital for such products on the day the sale to us is completed. You are, of course, free to sell to others, but we believe that you may receive a higher net price by selling to Rosland Capital because we are familiar with the products we have sold you, and do not charge any additional fees or commissions when making such purchases. Due to market conditions and other factors, you may receive less than what you originally paid. Rosland Capital will make payment for any purchased Product within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the Products from Customer.Our buy-back policy is a voluntary service to our customers and is subject to withdrawal or change without notice. We may also purchase products not originally sold by Rosland Capital; however, such purchases are subject to additional fees and/or commissions at current market rates.Rosland Capital maintains a dedicated customer service department that handles all customer services, including liquidation requests, refund requests and complaints. Rosland Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer can be reached by phone at (800) 967-5151 or by email at services@RoslandCapital.com.
 
4. Refunds and Returns. Rosland Capital provides Customer the right to receive a full refund of the Purchase Price for the return of undamaged and unused Products; provided, however, that Rosland Capital receives written notice of Customer's intention to return the Products within seven (7) days after the date that Customer receives the Products, and provided, further, that such Products are returned to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days following receipt by Rosland Capital of notice of cancellation from Customer. Customer’s “receipt” of the Products is deemed to occur at the earliest of: (a) the date that Customer receives actual possession of the Products or (b) the date that Customer receives written confirmation from Rosland Capital that the Products have been deposited on Customer’s behalf in an independent depository. Rosland Capital shall, upon written notice of cancellation and receipt of the Products in the same condition as delivered, issue a full refund of the Purchase Price to Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of Rosland Capital's receipt of the returned Products from Customer.
 
5. Classifications. Rosland Capital's classification of a particular Product as bullion, numismatic, semi-numismatic or premium expresses Rosland Capital's opinion and other precious metal dealers or investors may classify the same Product differently. The classification of a particular Product depends on a number of objective and subjective factors and any classification may change over time. Rosland Capital's spread and prices are based on Rosland Capital's classification determinations. Bullion may be in bar or coin form, and its value primarily depends on its precious metal content. Its value fluctuates with the “spot price” of the precious metal, which is its current market price. Numismatic coins (including proof coins) are coins whose value primarily depends on factors such as demand, scarcity, dates, condition and grades, and less so on precious metal content. Semi-numismatic coins are coins that have some bullion value and thus their value may fluctuate with the spot price of the precious metal they contain, as well as other factors such as supply and demand. Premium coins include numismatic and semi-numismatic coins, as well as proof coins and Exclusive Specialty coins of limited mintage, whose value derives from their quality and limited supply, as well as their precious metal content. Exclusive Specialty coins are typically of high quality, limited mintage, high precious metal content and often from a branded or other unique source; Rosland Capital determines which products are designated Exclusive Specialty coins based upon the foregoing factors. Precious metals that have lower precious metal content, which may include some numismatics, will have a lower “melt value”, which is determined by multiplying the precious metal content of a coin or bar by its spot price. For example, if the spot price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, a coin containing one ounce of gold has a melt value of $1,000.6. Spread. The difference between the Purchase Price Customer pays for Products under a Purchase Order and the price that Rosland Capital actually pays for the Products purchased by Customer under such Purchase Order is known as the "spread" and it is stated as a percentage of the Purchase Price paid by the Customer.  Spreads charged to Customer under a particular transaction may differ significantly from spreads charged to other customers in similar transactions or spreads charged to Customer in other transactions. The spread on Rosland Capital's premium, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins typically ranges between 17% and 33%. The spread on Rosland Capital's bullion typically ranges between 4% and 21%. (For example, if Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a numismatic coin was $300 and included a 20% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $240. If Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a bullion coin was $300 and included a 5% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $285.) The spread on Rosland Capital's IRA (as defined below) transactions typically ranges between 17% and 25%. The foregoing spreads are approximations and the spreads at any time and for any given transaction may be significantly different. Exclusive Specialty coins designated by Rosland Capital are only sold by Rosland Capital from sources and based on designs exclusive to Rosland Capital at prices set by Rosland Capital based on their quality, limited mintage, precious metal content and branded or unique source, without any reference to any “spread,” which does not apply to this classification of coins.
 7. Pricing. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are established by Rosland Capital upon its analysis of each item and may change many times during the day. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are not tied to prices quoted by any other organization and there are no established daily limits on the amount those prices may change. Rosland Capital reserves the right to increase or decrease its prices at its sole discretion at any time. Customer is encouraged to compare Rosland Capital’s prices with those offered by other dealers. 
 8. Taxes. Tax consequences of transactions with Rosland Capital are the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer shall pay to Rosland Capital any sales, use or other tax applicable to transactions involving the Products.
 9. Security. Customer hereby grants Rosland Capital a lien and security interest in the Products in Rosland Capital's possession or control that Customer orders pursuant to a Purchase Order as collateral for any amounts owed by Customer to Rosland Capital under this Agreement, any Purchase Order or otherwise. Customer agrees to execute such additional documents as may be necessary to perfect or evidence this security interest.
 
10. Electronic Recordation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Rosland Capital may choose, in its sole discretion, to monitor or record Customer's telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by Rosland Capital in writing, Rosland Capital does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative by Customer or any third party. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital will not record all telephone conversations and that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone conversation will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.
  
11. Customer Representations. Customer hereby represents to Rosland Capital that (i) Customer is of legal age and capacity and has the requisite powers, authority, and rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) Customer is not a party, and will not become a party, to any agree­ment, obligation, or understanding that is inconsistent with this Agreement or mightlimit or impair Customer's performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Customer is an experienced investor who understands the risks and obligations involved under this Agreement; and (iv) Customer's transactions under this Agreement shall be for investment or other commercial purposes and not for any personal, family, household or other consumer purposes.
 
12. Acknowledgements.12.1 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital is a dealer in precious metals, coins and other related products. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is not an exchange or brokerage house or a financial or investment advisor and that neither Rosland Capital nor any Rosland Capital Representative acts as an agent or fiduciary for any of Rosland Capital's Customers.12.2 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products involve substantial risks. Market prices are volatile and unpredictable and may be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, political events, mon­etary policies of various countries, and fluctuations in production and demand. It is impossible to forecast accurately how or to what degree the foregoing or other factors will affect market prices. What is suitable for one customer with a given financial means may not be suitable for other customers with the same financial means.12.3 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products are speculative and volatile, and prices may rise and fall over time. Customer acknowledges that profit can only be made if prices for the Products rise in an amount over the Purchase Price paid by Customer for the Products and that Customer may still incur a loss despite favorable price movements.12.4 Customer acknowledges that Customer is financially and emotionally able to enter into transactions which are contemplated by this Agreement and is sensitive to and able to accept the risks and to meet the financial commitments being made under this Agreement.  12.5 Customer acknowledges that grades and descriptions of Products are opinions and not statements of fact, and are based on standards and interpretations that change over time. Rosland Capital uses contemporary grading standards and inter­pretations to grade its Products or relies upon the opinions of third party grading services such as Numismatic Guaranty Corporation and Professional Coin Grading Service. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that its Products will achieve the same grades from any third party grading service in the future.12.6 Customer acknowledges that Customer is responsible for all purchases made on Customer's account. If Customer believes that a Purchase Order has been entered into for Customer's account without Customer's authorization, Customer shall immedi­ately notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department at: compliance@RoslandCapital.com. Similarly, if Customer believes that any Rosland Capital Representative has made a verbal or written representation that is inconsistent with the terms or risks set forth herein or is unprofessional or offensive in nature, Customer will notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department immediately. Customer further acknowledges that if Customer fails to make the required notification within ten (10) business days following the date on which the event first became known to Customer, Customer waives all rights to contest such mat­ter.12.7 Rosland Capital Representatives may from time to time discuss the general direction of various financial markets. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives cannot guarantee any market movement. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives are not licensed as investment advisors and are not making any specific recommendations concerning any forms of investment. Rosland Capital and the Rosland Capital Representatives are not agents for Customer, have different financial interests and incentives from Customer and owe no fiduciary duty to Customer. Rosland Capital Representatives are commissioned salespersons whose commissions are greatest on numismatic, semi-numismatic and premium items and least on bullion. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital believes precious metals and coins are appropriate for 5% to 20% of a portfolio, although certain individuals or organizations might recommend a different percentage. Customer agrees to independently determine what percentage is appropriate for Customer based upon Customer’s individual circumstance. 12.8 Customer acknowledges that Customer has conducted and will conduct Customer's own research and analysis regarding the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital and Customer will not rely upon any statements made by a Rosland Capital Representative concerning the future value of the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital. Rosland Capital does not provide investment or financial advice. Customer acknowledges that precious metals and coins do not earn interest or current income.12.9 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the 1930’s gold recall by the Government is as follows: “In 1933, the U.S. Government, by Executive Order, prohibited the private ownership of certain quantities of gold bars and coins.  There were several exceptions to this ban, including allowing people to own “gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins.”  At the time the United States was on the gold standard.  Since 1971 the United States has not been on the gold standard.  The Executive Order prohibiting private ownership was repealed in 1974.  Currently, there are no restrictions on gold ownership, and the ability of the U.S. Government to recall gold is limited to times of war and requires action by the President or Congress.  No one can say with certainty if or how the U.S. Government might prohibit ownership of gold in the future, or whether any particular gold product might be exempt from any future prohibitions.”12.10 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the reportability of precious metals is as follows: “Many of our customers are concerned about personal privacy or disclosing that they own precious metals.  Accordingly, they often choose to purchase precious metals that do not require disclosure of personal information such as name, address and social security number when they sell such precious metals. Currently, certain bullion, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins do not require disclosure of such personal information when a customer sells them.”12.11 Customer acknowledges that Customer has read Rosland Capital’s brochure, which provides additional information about the risks of buying and selling precious metals and coins. This brochure is updated period­ically and it is Customer's responsibility to remain up to date by requesting a copy of the most recent version at Rosland Capital's website, www.RoslandCapital.com.12.12 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital may provide information about companies which provide trustee and custodian services for Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA) as a convenience to its customers.  Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is independent from and not affiliated with any of the companies which may provide those services. It is Customer's responsibility to independently select the IRA service company suitable for Customer. Rosland Capital shall have no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from Customer's dealings with any IRA service company.13. DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.13.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ROSLAND CAPITAL PROVIDES THE PRODUCTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ROSLAND CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FUTURE VALUE, OTHER THAN THOSE MADE EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY.13.2 EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION ON WHICH THEY ARE BASED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.13.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.
	 

	14.  Miscellaneous/Arbitration.14.1 Customer expressly authorizes Rosland Capital to contact Customer at the telephone numbers provided in this Agreement regardless of whether these numbers are listed on any state or federal Do Not Call list. If Customer requests that Rosland Capital no longer contact Customer, Rosland Capital will promptly place Customer on Rosland Capital's Do Not Call list.14.2 In no event will Rosland Capital be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if and to the extent such default or delay is caused by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God; wars, terrorist acts, site-specific terrorist threats, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions; strikes, lockouts or labor disputes;governmental actions, suspensions of commodity exchanges, the failure or delay of Rosland Capital's suppliers; or the failure or disruption of the Internet, including but not limited to any failure, error or disruption involving any third party Internet service providers or Rosland Capital’s own internal computer systems; or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of Rosland Capital.14.3 Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Rosland Capital's written consent. Rosland Capital may freely assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Customer.14.4 All communications shall be sent to Rosland Capital at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 and to Customer at the address set forth above or such other address subsequently provided to Rosland Capital by Customer in writing. All communications given by Rosland Capital to Customer by mail shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier; if hand delivered, when delivered to Customer's address; if telephonic, at the time of such phone conversation or facsimile transmission; or if by email, on the day of such transmission.14.5 Customer will notify Rosland Capital promptly of the death of any signer on a Rosland Capital account by providing a certified death certificate. Upon proof of death, Rosland Capital will recognize the account as the sole property of the estate or lawful heirs, as substantiated in documents provided to Rosland Capital. Customer agrees to hold Rosland Capital harmless and defend against any loss, liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any action taken by Rosland Capital in reliance upon the foregoing. Rosland Capital may require such additional consents, documents or other papers in order to substantiate ownership of accounts and may retain account balances until it is reasonably satisfied of the ownership of such account and the persons authorized to take action with respect thereto.14.6 Governing Law; Arbitration. The formation of this Agreement constitutes the making of this contract within Los Angeles County, California, regardless of the manner, timing or location of delivery or receipt of acceptance of this Agreement. The parties agree that Los Angeles County, California is the exclusive venue for filing any action and hearing concerning disputes arising from or relating to the Products or this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflict of law principles. CUSTOMER AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND ROSLAND  CAPITAL (INCLUDING ANY OF ROSLAND CAPITAL'S CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SCOPE OR APPLICABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE KEPT IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION HEARING, WILL BE LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, TO ENFORCE THIS SECTION. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT IT WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN THE BASIC ARBITRATION COSTS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATION FEES AND THE FEES OF THE ARBITRATOR(S). EACH PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS FEES RELATED TO THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.14.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY AGREES TO HAVE ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT DECIDED BY ARBITRATION AND IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES DETERMINED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR BY A JURY. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS SIMILARLY WAIVING ITS RIGHTS TO APPEAL, UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN.14.8 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs to Compel Arbitration. IN THE EVENT (1) CUSTOMER REFUSES TO ARBITRATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT BY COMMENCING ANY ACTION AGAINST ROSLAND CAPITAL IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURT, OR OTHERWISE, AND (2) ROSLAND CAPITAL OBTAINS ANY RELIEF WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM A PETITION OR MOTION (OR LIKE PROCEDURAL MECHANISM) TO COMPEL ARBITRATION, THEN CUSTOMER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF ROSLAND CAPITAL’S REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL’S EFFORTS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.14.9 Waiver of Class Action. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT CUSTOMER MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE. ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE ASSERTED INDIVIDUALLY.14.10 One Year Limit to Bring Claims. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CUSTOMER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE CALENDAR YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES, OR FOREVER BE BARRED. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, CUSTOMER MIGHT HAVE A LONGER TIME PERIOD TO INITIATE A CLAIM UNDER STATE OR FEDERAL LAW.14.11 Limitation on Damages. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY BRINGING AN ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY ACTUAL CONTRACT DAMAGES AND TORT DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE PARTY AND PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY AND RESULTING FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S ALLEGED BREACH, AND IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.  THIS SECTION STATES THE EXCLUSIVE DAMAGE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER.14.12 The terms and provisions in this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.14.13 No failure or delay by Rosland Capital in exercising any of its rights, powers, or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy. No waiver or modification of any term of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.14.14 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and delivered by facsimile transmission, each copy of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.14.15 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, and agreements between the parties.
Download / View Print-Friendly PDF 




1Print Customer AgreementDOWNLOAD 


2Read and Sign Customer Agreement 


3Mail to Rosland Capital 11766 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1200Los Angeles, CA 90025





Close


















Gold and Silver Precious Metals IRA | Rosland Capital
































Search Rosland Capital





GO





US NATIONAL DEBT

Loading...












Put a gold-backed IRA in your golden retirement
Worried about protecting your hard-earned financial assets?
                        Here’s a solution: a gold-backed IRA, or a precious metals-backed IRA, is a self-
                        directed IRA that holds precious metals.



Get Your Free Precious Metals IRA Kit!*
Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility












(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming






*By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above
                                    and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.


















Submit













Add Stability to Your Retirement Mix

					Including gold and other precious metals in your portfolio lowers your risk by diversifying from paper assets,
                        thus hedging against the economy and inflation. Through turbulent times, such as an economic downturn,
					gold and other precious metals retain value and are trusted to strengthen and secure wealth, where paper
                        assets may not.
				

					The IRS regulates and controls the products that can be added to your precious metals-backed IRA. That’s why it’s important to choose an industry authority like
                        Rosland Capital, so you know you are working with professionals and have access to excellent IRA-eligible products.
				

Contact us today to discuss gold-backed IRAs or check out what customers have had to say in their Rosland Capital Reviews.
				





               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your self-directed precious metal-backed IRA options.
		




Is a Gold or Silver IRA Right for You?


						Gold and silver IRAs are becoming more and more common these days. Whether it's because the most recent
                           recession has inspired Americans to seek out more diverse types of retirement funds, or simply because
                           families want more protection for their money, there is a lot of buzz surrounding precious metal-backed
                           retirement accounts today.
					

						Whatever your reason for looking into an IRA backed by precious metals might be, it’s always a good idea
                           to gather as much information as possible so that when the time comes to make a change or an upgrade,
                           you feel comfortable doing so.
					



What are Gold and Silver IRAs?

					When you back an IRA with either gold or silver (or both), you are making the decision to protect your
                       retirement funds against the types of fluctuations in the market that could have disastrous implications
                       on your overall portfolio. A precious metals IRA is a self-directed, government-approved retirement
                       account backed by physical gold, silver or other metals, such as platinum or palladium.
				





               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your self-directed precious metal-backed IRA options.
		




The National Economy and Your IRA






							In many cases, gold and silver can provide a better chance of financial security than other types of IRAs. The answer is pretty simple.
						

							Conventional IRAs are often heavy with stocks and bonds. In previous eras, when the national economy was more robust and stable, this method proved to be successful.
						

							But today these paper assets are becoming too risky for many people, especially after events like the Great Recession, which led to many people's retirement accounts being significantly reduced over a very short period of time.
						

							Backing your IRA with precious metals like gold and silver can provide more protection against these threats by diversifying your portfolio, as well as helping to safeguard your money from inflation, economic fluctuation and unfavorable legislative policies.
						







               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your self-directed precious metal-backed IRA options.
		




Gold and Silver IRAs - How Can They Protect Your Nest Egg?

					Gold and silver IRAs offer a unique alternative to conventional retirement plans by enabling you to add precious metals, including gold coins,
                       silver, platinum and palladium, in addition to more traditional types of investments, such as mutual funds.
				

					These Precious Metals IRAs have become increasingly popular in recent years as more uncertainty grows around the health of the global economy. By adding gold and silver to your retirement account,
                       you can help shield your money from future economic turmoil and have peace of mind about your buying power in retirement.
				

					How exactly can gold and silver IRAs provide this unique level of protection? Let's look at some of their key benefits.
				
Benefits of Gold and Silver IRAs


Diversification

							We can't stress this enough: diversification is crucial to every person's portfolio, especially when it comes to retirement savings. Gold and silver IRAs allow you to hold assets that are rarely
                               found in employer-sponsored 401(k)s and conventional IRAs. This means you can greatly diversify your holdings, rather than keeping all your eggs in one "paper" basket.
						
Protection against the volatile stock market

							When the stock market tumbles, even the so-called "safest" mutual funds and bonds can take a hit, and retirement accounts can suffer greatly. If it happens to you right before retirement
                               (as it did to many during the Great Recession), you could be forced to continue working for many years to come. Diversifying your portfolio with precious metals helps protect your
                               retirement money by shielding it from the volatility associated with stocks and other paper assets.
						


Safeguard against the declining dollar

							Many people who buy gold and silver do so as a hedge against inflation and the declining U.S. dollar. As the dollar loses value, Americans essentially lose wealth and purchasing power.
                               If the value continues to shrink, paper-heavy portfolios could be worth a lot less in retirement. On the other hand, the value of precious metals, like gold, tends to increase as the dollar drops.
                               By placing precious metals in an IRA, you can thus preserve your buying power and safeguard your money from the effects of inflation.
						
Tax benefits

							Keep in mind that a Precious Metals IRA comes with the same tax benefits as a conventional IRA. The biggest difference is that you can maintain those tax benefits while experiencing all the
                               other benefits of purchasing precious metals.
						
Growth Potential

							Aside from the security, many people purchase gold and silver specifically for their growth potential, which isn't affected by the same forces as those in the stock market. As finite resources,
                               gold and silver have inherent value and an ever-increasing global demand.
						







               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your gold IRA options.
		




Setting Up Your New Precious Metals IRA Account


						Here’s the best news of all: you can easily rollover an existing IRA to an IRA backed with gold and silver.
                           This means that you don’t need to make another initial deposit to get the ball rolling.
					

						What you do need to find is a precious metals professional to work with. Obviously, there’s no shortage of firms advertising their experience, expertise and proven track record. Without any sort
                           of verification or third party certificates, these promises are just words.
					

						At Rosland Capital, we can offer more than just promises. Our A+ rating from the prestigious Better Business Bureau is just one of many accolades that confirm our proven track record
                           and commitment to our customers.
					

						Working with a precious metals representative from Rosland Capital can help make the transition into the world of precious metals backed IRAs simple, easy and, above all, comfortable.
                           Our knowledgeable associates aren’t just experts in the field, they’re also more than willing to provide world-class customer service.
					



How to Get Started


1



							A Rosland Capital representative will explain to you how a Gold and Precious Metals IRA works, so you can decide if the option is right for you.
						


2



							If you decide that an IRA fits your needs, the representative will send you the necessary forms from Equity International,
                               the IRA administrators, together with Rosland Capital's own customer agreement.
						


3



							After you have signed and completed the required forms, your Rosland Capital representative will create an account for you and
                               discuss various options for your IRA, including which coins qualify for inclusion.
						


4



							After Equity receives funding, either directly from you or via transfer of an existing IRA, your Rosland Capital
                               representative arranges for the precious metals to be moved directly to the depository in Delaware, where each
                               IRA-holder's gold is kept in separate, secure storage.
						


5



							You will then be a client of Equity Institutional, and will pay the
                               appropriate fees for administration and storage.
						


6



							When you reach 70.5 years of age and must take distributions, then you may choose to take distributions in physical gold,
                               provided the IRA contains precious metals of the appropriate value.
						







               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your gold IRA options.
		




Required Minimum Distribution Calculator



							If you're age 70½ or over and have a Traditional, Rollover, SEP, or SIMPLE IRA, you're required by law to take the Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) annually. Use our RMD Calculator
                               to estimate your annual distributions.
						












							These calculations are estimates only, are made available to you as a self-help general educational
                               and informational tool for your independent use, and are not intended as a substitute for personalized tax,
                               legal or investment advice. Rosland Capital cannot and does not guarantee their applicability or accuracy in regard to your
                               individual circumstances. Tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to change, which can materially impact results. Rosland Capital cannot guarantee that the information
                               herein is accurate, complete, current or timely. Rosland Capital makes no representations with regard to such information or the results obtained by its use, is not responsible
                               for any human or mechanical errors or omissions and disclaims any liability arising out of your use of, or any tax position taken in reliance on, such information. Rosland Capital
                               is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the information you provide. Rosland Capital encourages you to consult with your tax advisor, financial planner or custodian
                               to seek such personalized advice regarding all personal finance issues.
						



							The statements made on this website are opinions, not facts, and past performance is no indication of future performance
                               or returns. Precious metals, like all investments, carry capital risk. Precious metals and coins may appreciate, depreciate, or stay
                               the same depending on a variety of factors. Rosland Capital cannot guarantee, and makes no representation, that any metals purchased will appreciate
                               at all or appreciate sufficiently to make customers a profit. The decision to purchase or sell precious metals, and which precious metals to purchase or sell, are the
                               customer’s decisions alone, and purchases and sales should be made subject to the customer’s own research, prudence and judgment.
						







               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your gold IRA options.
		








Customer Agreement




 In order to finish processing, please submit a physical copy of this signed customer agreement along with your payment.


	This Customer Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Rosland Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a principal place of business located at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 ("Rosland Capital"), and the person(s) or entity identified on the signature page hereof ("Customer") for the purchase, sale and delivery of precious metals, coins and other products offered by Rosland Capital (collectively, the "Products"). The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all transactions between Customer and Rosland Capital. Download PDF
1. Purchases and Payments.
	1.1 Customer may place an order (each, a "Purchase Order") with a Rosland Capital representative (each, a "Rosland Capital Representative") by telephone for the purchase, sale and delivery of Products which shall have the same effect as if the Purchase Order was made in writing. Customer's Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative to ensure the details of the Purchase Order are correct and will include the price, quantity, method of payment and delivery and other material terms of the Purchase Order. Purchase Orders for bullion cannot be accepted prior to Rosland’s receipt of good funds, and after receipt of such funds the final terms of the Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative.

	1.2 Rosland Capital will send Customer a written confirmation of each Purchase Order (the "Confirmation") at the address provided by Customer to Rosland Capital. The amount due under the Purchase Order (the "Purchase Price") shall be due and payable in full to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving proof, semi-numismatic, numismatic or premium coins, and on or before the date of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving bullion (in either case, the "Payment Period"). Failure to pay the Purchase Price within the Payment Period shall constitute a default by Customer. Upon such default, Rosland Capital will be relieved of all its obligations under the Purchase Order and may recover from Customer the difference between the Purchase Price agreed to by Customer for the Products and Rosland Capital's actual resale price for the Products at the time of default, up to four percent (4%) of the Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 1.1 and 1.2, purchases made on-line at www.RoslandCapital.com shall be subject to the payment provisions set forth on-line by Rosland Capital from time to time.
	1.3 Customer agrees to pay the Purchase Price by personal check, credit card or bank wire (except that any payments for bullion shall be made by check or bank wire only). The Purchase Price specified in a Purchase Order shall include, without limitation, all shipping, handling, storage, delivery, taxes, assessments and other fees imposed on transactions involving the Products. All amounts stated in a Purchase Order are in U.S. Dollars and all payments made by Customer to Rosland Capital under a Purchase Order shall be made in the U.S. and in U.S. Dollars.
2. Delivery. Rosland Capital shall ship the Products to Customer, or Customer’s appointed agent or designee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase Order, within fourteen (14) business days (or such lesser period as required by law) of Rosland Capital’s actual receipt of the full Purchase Price from Customer. Title to the Products purchased by Customer and risk of loss thereto shall pass to Customer upon Customer’s, or Customer’s appointed agent's or designee's, actual receipt of the Products. Customer shall be responsible for all shipping and handling charges incurred in connection with the delivery of the Products and Customer acknowledges that shipping and handling charges will vary depending on the weight, value, destination and method of shipment of the Products.
  
3. Buy-Back Policy and Customer Service. If in the future you decide that you would like to sell any precious metal or coin products purchased from Rosland Capital, as a service to our customers, Rosland Capital will provide you the opportunity to sell such products back to us at the current market value determined by Rosland Capital for such products on the day the sale to us is completed. You are, of course, free to sell to others, but we believe that you may receive a higher net price by selling to Rosland Capital because we are familiar with the products we have sold you, and do not charge any additional fees or commissions when making such purchases. Due to market conditions and other factors, you may receive less than what you originally paid. Rosland Capital will make payment for any purchased Product within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the Products from Customer.Our buy-back policy is a voluntary service to our customers and is subject to withdrawal or change without notice. We may also purchase products not originally sold by Rosland Capital; however, such purchases are subject to additional fees and/or commissions at current market rates.Rosland Capital maintains a dedicated customer service department that handles all customer services, including liquidation requests, refund requests and complaints. Rosland Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer can be reached by phone at (800) 967-5151 or by email at services@RoslandCapital.com.
 
4. Refunds and Returns. Rosland Capital provides Customer the right to receive a full refund of the Purchase Price for the return of undamaged and unused Products; provided, however, that Rosland Capital receives written notice of Customer's intention to return the Products within seven (7) days after the date that Customer receives the Products, and provided, further, that such Products are returned to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days following receipt by Rosland Capital of notice of cancellation from Customer. Customer’s “receipt” of the Products is deemed to occur at the earliest of: (a) the date that Customer receives actual possession of the Products or (b) the date that Customer receives written confirmation from Rosland Capital that the Products have been deposited on Customer’s behalf in an independent depository. Rosland Capital shall, upon written notice of cancellation and receipt of the Products in the same condition as delivered, issue a full refund of the Purchase Price to Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of Rosland Capital's receipt of the returned Products from Customer.
 
5. Classifications. Rosland Capital's classification of a particular Product as bullion, numismatic, semi-numismatic or premium expresses Rosland Capital's opinion and other precious metal dealers or investors may classify the same Product differently. The classification of a particular Product depends on a number of objective and subjective factors and any classification may change over time. Rosland Capital's spread and prices are based on Rosland Capital's classification determinations. Bullion may be in bar or coin form, and its value primarily depends on its precious metal content. Its value fluctuates with the “spot price” of the precious metal, which is its current market price. Numismatic coins (including proof coins) are coins whose value primarily depends on factors such as demand, scarcity, dates, condition and grades, and less so on precious metal content. Semi-numismatic coins are coins that have some bullion value and thus their value may fluctuate with the spot price of the precious metal they contain, as well as other factors such as supply and demand. Premium coins include numismatic and semi-numismatic coins, as well as proof coins and Exclusive Specialty coins of limited mintage, whose value derives from their quality and limited supply, as well as their precious metal content. Exclusive Specialty coins are typically of high quality, limited mintage, high precious metal content and often from a branded or other unique source; Rosland Capital determines which products are designated Exclusive Specialty coins based upon the foregoing factors. Precious metals that have lower precious metal content, which may include some numismatics, will have a lower “melt value”, which is determined by multiplying the precious metal content of a coin or bar by its spot price. For example, if the spot price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, a coin containing one ounce of gold has a melt value of $1,000.6. Spread. The difference between the Purchase Price Customer pays for Products under a Purchase Order and the price that Rosland Capital actually pays for the Products purchased by Customer under such Purchase Order is known as the "spread" and it is stated as a percentage of the Purchase Price paid by the Customer.  Spreads charged to Customer under a particular transaction may differ significantly from spreads charged to other customers in similar transactions or spreads charged to Customer in other transactions. The spread on Rosland Capital's premium, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins typically ranges between 17% and 33%. The spread on Rosland Capital's bullion typically ranges between 4% and 21%. (For example, if Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a numismatic coin was $300 and included a 20% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $240. If Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a bullion coin was $300 and included a 5% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $285.) The spread on Rosland Capital's IRA (as defined below) transactions typically ranges between 17% and 25%. The foregoing spreads are approximations and the spreads at any time and for any given transaction may be significantly different. Exclusive Specialty coins designated by Rosland Capital are only sold by Rosland Capital from sources and based on designs exclusive to Rosland Capital at prices set by Rosland Capital based on their quality, limited mintage, precious metal content and branded or unique source, without any reference to any “spread,” which does not apply to this classification of coins.
 7. Pricing. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are established by Rosland Capital upon its analysis of each item and may change many times during the day. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are not tied to prices quoted by any other organization and there are no established daily limits on the amount those prices may change. Rosland Capital reserves the right to increase or decrease its prices at its sole discretion at any time. Customer is encouraged to compare Rosland Capital’s prices with those offered by other dealers. 
 8. Taxes. Tax consequences of transactions with Rosland Capital are the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer shall pay to Rosland Capital any sales, use or other tax applicable to transactions involving the Products.
 9. Security. Customer hereby grants Rosland Capital a lien and security interest in the Products in Rosland Capital's possession or control that Customer orders pursuant to a Purchase Order as collateral for any amounts owed by Customer to Rosland Capital under this Agreement, any Purchase Order or otherwise. Customer agrees to execute such additional documents as may be necessary to perfect or evidence this security interest.
 
10. Electronic Recordation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Rosland Capital may choose, in its sole discretion, to monitor or record Customer's telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by Rosland Capital in writing, Rosland Capital does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative by Customer or any third party. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital will not record all telephone conversations and that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone conversation will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.
  
11. Customer Representations. Customer hereby represents to Rosland Capital that (i) Customer is of legal age and capacity and has the requisite powers, authority, and rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) Customer is not a party, and will not become a party, to any agree­ment, obligation, or understanding that is inconsistent with this Agreement or mightlimit or impair Customer's performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Customer is an experienced investor who understands the risks and obligations involved under this Agreement; and (iv) Customer's transactions under this Agreement shall be for investment or other commercial purposes and not for any personal, family, household or other consumer purposes.
 
12. Acknowledgements.12.1 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital is a dealer in precious metals, coins and other related products. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is not an exchange or brokerage house or a financial or investment advisor and that neither Rosland Capital nor any Rosland Capital Representative acts as an agent or fiduciary for any of Rosland Capital's Customers.12.2 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products involve substantial risks. Market prices are volatile and unpredictable and may be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, political events, mon­etary policies of various countries, and fluctuations in production and demand. It is impossible to forecast accurately how or to what degree the foregoing or other factors will affect market prices. What is suitable for one customer with a given financial means may not be suitable for other customers with the same financial means.12.3 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products are speculative and volatile, and prices may rise and fall over time. Customer acknowledges that profit can only be made if prices for the Products rise in an amount over the Purchase Price paid by Customer for the Products and that Customer may still incur a loss despite favorable price movements.12.4 Customer acknowledges that Customer is financially and emotionally able to enter into transactions which are contemplated by this Agreement and is sensitive to and able to accept the risks and to meet the financial commitments being made under this Agreement.  12.5 Customer acknowledges that grades and descriptions of Products are opinions and not statements of fact, and are based on standards and interpretations that change over time. Rosland Capital uses contemporary grading standards and inter­pretations to grade its Products or relies upon the opinions of third party grading services such as Numismatic Guaranty Corporation and Professional Coin Grading Service. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that its Products will achieve the same grades from any third party grading service in the future.12.6 Customer acknowledges that Customer is responsible for all purchases made on Customer's account. If Customer believes that a Purchase Order has been entered into for Customer's account without Customer's authorization, Customer shall immedi­ately notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department at: compliance@RoslandCapital.com. Similarly, if Customer believes that any Rosland Capital Representative has made a verbal or written representation that is inconsistent with the terms or risks set forth herein or is unprofessional or offensive in nature, Customer will notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department immediately. Customer further acknowledges that if Customer fails to make the required notification within ten (10) business days following the date on which the event first became known to Customer, Customer waives all rights to contest such mat­ter.12.7 Rosland Capital Representatives may from time to time discuss the general direction of various financial markets. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives cannot guarantee any market movement. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives are not licensed as investment advisors and are not making any specific recommendations concerning any forms of investment. Rosland Capital and the Rosland Capital Representatives are not agents for Customer, have different financial interests and incentives from Customer and owe no fiduciary duty to Customer. Rosland Capital Representatives are commissioned salespersons whose commissions are greatest on numismatic, semi-numismatic and premium items and least on bullion. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital believes precious metals and coins are appropriate for 5% to 20% of a portfolio, although certain individuals or organizations might recommend a different percentage. Customer agrees to independently determine what percentage is appropriate for Customer based upon Customer’s individual circumstance. 12.8 Customer acknowledges that Customer has conducted and will conduct Customer's own research and analysis regarding the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital and Customer will not rely upon any statements made by a Rosland Capital Representative concerning the future value of the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital. Rosland Capital does not provide investment or financial advice. Customer acknowledges that precious metals and coins do not earn interest or current income.12.9 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the 1930’s gold recall by the Government is as follows: “In 1933, the U.S. Government, by Executive Order, prohibited the private ownership of certain quantities of gold bars and coins.  There were several exceptions to this ban, including allowing people to own “gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins.”  At the time the United States was on the gold standard.  Since 1971 the United States has not been on the gold standard.  The Executive Order prohibiting private ownership was repealed in 1974.  Currently, there are no restrictions on gold ownership, and the ability of the U.S. Government to recall gold is limited to times of war and requires action by the President or Congress.  No one can say with certainty if or how the U.S. Government might prohibit ownership of gold in the future, or whether any particular gold product might be exempt from any future prohibitions.”12.10 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the reportability of precious metals is as follows: “Many of our customers are concerned about personal privacy or disclosing that they own precious metals.  Accordingly, they often choose to purchase precious metals that do not require disclosure of personal information such as name, address and social security number when they sell such precious metals. Currently, certain bullion, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins do not require disclosure of such personal information when a customer sells them.”12.11 Customer acknowledges that Customer has read Rosland Capital’s brochure, which provides additional information about the risks of buying and selling precious metals and coins. This brochure is updated period­ically and it is Customer's responsibility to remain up to date by requesting a copy of the most recent version at Rosland Capital's website, www.RoslandCapital.com.12.12 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital may provide information about companies which provide trustee and custodian services for Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA) as a convenience to its customers.  Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is independent from and not affiliated with any of the companies which may provide those services. It is Customer's responsibility to independently select the IRA service company suitable for Customer. Rosland Capital shall have no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from Customer's dealings with any IRA service company.13. DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.13.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ROSLAND CAPITAL PROVIDES THE PRODUCTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ROSLAND CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FUTURE VALUE, OTHER THAN THOSE MADE EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY.13.2 EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION ON WHICH THEY ARE BASED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.13.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.
	 

	14.  Miscellaneous/Arbitration.14.1 Customer expressly authorizes Rosland Capital to contact Customer at the telephone numbers provided in this Agreement regardless of whether these numbers are listed on any state or federal Do Not Call list. If Customer requests that Rosland Capital no longer contact Customer, Rosland Capital will promptly place Customer on Rosland Capital's Do Not Call list.14.2 In no event will Rosland Capital be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if and to the extent such default or delay is caused by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God; wars, terrorist acts, site-specific terrorist threats, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions; strikes, lockouts or labor disputes;governmental actions, suspensions of commodity exchanges, the failure or delay of Rosland Capital's suppliers; or the failure or disruption of the Internet, including but not limited to any failure, error or disruption involving any third party Internet service providers or Rosland Capital’s own internal computer systems; or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of Rosland Capital.14.3 Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Rosland Capital's written consent. Rosland Capital may freely assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Customer.14.4 All communications shall be sent to Rosland Capital at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 and to Customer at the address set forth above or such other address subsequently provided to Rosland Capital by Customer in writing. All communications given by Rosland Capital to Customer by mail shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier; if hand delivered, when delivered to Customer's address; if telephonic, at the time of such phone conversation or facsimile transmission; or if by email, on the day of such transmission.14.5 Customer will notify Rosland Capital promptly of the death of any signer on a Rosland Capital account by providing a certified death certificate. Upon proof of death, Rosland Capital will recognize the account as the sole property of the estate or lawful heirs, as substantiated in documents provided to Rosland Capital. Customer agrees to hold Rosland Capital harmless and defend against any loss, liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any action taken by Rosland Capital in reliance upon the foregoing. Rosland Capital may require such additional consents, documents or other papers in order to substantiate ownership of accounts and may retain account balances until it is reasonably satisfied of the ownership of such account and the persons authorized to take action with respect thereto.14.6 Governing Law; Arbitration. The formation of this Agreement constitutes the making of this contract within Los Angeles County, California, regardless of the manner, timing or location of delivery or receipt of acceptance of this Agreement. The parties agree that Los Angeles County, California is the exclusive venue for filing any action and hearing concerning disputes arising from or relating to the Products or this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflict of law principles. CUSTOMER AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND ROSLAND  CAPITAL (INCLUDING ANY OF ROSLAND CAPITAL'S CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SCOPE OR APPLICABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE KEPT IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION HEARING, WILL BE LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, TO ENFORCE THIS SECTION. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT IT WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN THE BASIC ARBITRATION COSTS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATION FEES AND THE FEES OF THE ARBITRATOR(S). EACH PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS FEES RELATED TO THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.14.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY AGREES TO HAVE ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT DECIDED BY ARBITRATION AND IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES DETERMINED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR BY A JURY. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS SIMILARLY WAIVING ITS RIGHTS TO APPEAL, UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN.14.8 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs to Compel Arbitration. IN THE EVENT (1) CUSTOMER REFUSES TO ARBITRATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT BY COMMENCING ANY ACTION AGAINST ROSLAND CAPITAL IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURT, OR OTHERWISE, AND (2) ROSLAND CAPITAL OBTAINS ANY RELIEF WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM A PETITION OR MOTION (OR LIKE PROCEDURAL MECHANISM) TO COMPEL ARBITRATION, THEN CUSTOMER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF ROSLAND CAPITAL’S REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL’S EFFORTS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.14.9 Waiver of Class Action. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT CUSTOMER MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE. ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE ASSERTED INDIVIDUALLY.14.10 One Year Limit to Bring Claims. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CUSTOMER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE CALENDAR YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES, OR FOREVER BE BARRED. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, CUSTOMER MIGHT HAVE A LONGER TIME PERIOD TO INITIATE A CLAIM UNDER STATE OR FEDERAL LAW.14.11 Limitation on Damages. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY BRINGING AN ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY ACTUAL CONTRACT DAMAGES AND TORT DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE PARTY AND PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY AND RESULTING FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S ALLEGED BREACH, AND IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.  THIS SECTION STATES THE EXCLUSIVE DAMAGE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER.14.12 The terms and provisions in this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.14.13 No failure or delay by Rosland Capital in exercising any of its rights, powers, or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy. No waiver or modification of any term of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.14.14 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and delivered by facsimile transmission, each copy of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.14.15 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, and agreements between the parties.
Download / View Print-Friendly PDF 




1Print Customer AgreementDOWNLOAD 


2Read and Sign Customer Agreement 


3Mail to Rosland Capital 11766 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1200Los Angeles, CA 90025





Close


















Products | Rosland Capital



































Search Rosland Capital





GO





US NATIONAL DEBT

Loading...











Home

 
Products


 



Choose Rosland Capital for all your gold, silver, platinum and palladium needs

Rosland Capital caters to all your precious metals needs. Whether you are looking to purchase gold, silver, platinum or palladium bullion coins and bars, to hold or to put into a precious metals-backed IRA, you will find our inventory of high-quality products will exceed your expectations. Please feel free to continue browsing or contact us today to talk to a precious metals specialist.


Talk to a representative by calling 1-800-375-0333



*Coin images not to scale







Ayrton Senna 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Each 2.5 oz gold coin is offered in a handsome presentation case along w...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Ayrton Senna 2.5-oz Silver Coin
Each 2.5 oz silver coin is offered in a handsome presentation case.

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Ayrton Senna 30-oz Gold Coin
As a special tribute to Mr Senna’s achievement in winning six times at M...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












2016 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Features all 21 F1® Grand Prix Circ...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
The beautifully crafted commemorative gold coin lists all the 2017 seaso...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










2016 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Silver Coin
Features all 21 F1® Grand Prix Circ...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Silver Coin
The beautifully crafted commemorative silver coin lists all the 2017 sea...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










BRITISH GRAND PRIX ™ 1/4-oz Gold Coin

	The FORMULA 1® BRITISH GRAND PRIX™ has a rich histor...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










GRAN PREMIO D'ITALIA™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted GRAN PREMIO D'ITALIA™ coins featur...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX™ coins feature...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










GRANDE PRÊMIO DO BRASIL™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted GRANDE PRÊMIO DO BRASIL™ coins feature...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ coins feature the...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 5-oz. Gold Coin
These limited edition 5oz 999.9 fine gold coins celebrate the ABU DHABI...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 5-oz. Silver Coin
These limited edition 5oz .999 fine silver coins celebrate the ABU...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 5 kilo Gold Coin
Few people have ever seen a 5 kilo 999.9 fine gold coin, and far f...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












2016 Formula 1 ® Kilo Gold Coin
The Kilo gold coin lists the worldwide races of the 2016 Formula One cal...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Lady Liberty Gold Coin Series
The Lady Liberty coin series is minted by world-renowned, Swiss-based PA...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Lady Liberty Silver Coin Series
ObversePortrait of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth I...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












$20 Liberty Gold Coin
The $20 Liberty Gold Coin, designed by Chief Engraver of the U.S. Mint J...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$10 Liberty Gold Coin
The $10 Liberty Gold Coin is also called the Coronet, named after the si...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$5 Liberty Gold Coin
Authorized by Congress in 1792, the $5 Liberty Gold Coin was the first c...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












$2.50 Liberty Gold Coin
Wanting uniformity among gold coins, U.S. Mint Chief Engraver Christian...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










American Buffalo Gold Coin
Based on James Earle Fraser’s sculpture of the iconic Buffalo Nickel of...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










American Eagle Gold Coin
Congressionally authorized and introduced in 1986, American Eagle Gold b...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












Austrian Philharmonic Gold Coin
The Austrian Gold Philharmonic coin led worldwide gold coin sales in 199...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Austrian One Ducat Gold Coin
The original Ducats were actually made back in 1140 for Roger II of Sici...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










South African Krugerrand Gold Coin
The South African Krugerrand, first minted in 1967 to market South Afric...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












American Eagle Gold Proof
The American Eagle Gold proof is a collectible version of the popular Am...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$10 Indian Head Gold Coin
Most presidents are no doubt delighted to receive the inaugural medal gi...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
The $20 Saint-Gaudens is one of the most beautiful and most sought-after...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












$5 Indian Head Gold Coin
On advice from a friend, President Theodore Roosevelt chose Boston sculp...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1899 Graded $10 Liberty Gold Coin 
The 1899 $10 Liberty Gold Coin is also known as the Coronet, after the c...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1900 Graded $10 Liberty Gold Coin 
The 1900 $10 Liberty Gold Coin, also known as the Coronet, owes its name...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












1912 Graded $10 Indian Head Gold Coin
Upon President Theodore Roosevelt’s inauguration, he was dissatisfied wi...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1922 Graded $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
The $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin is one of the most highly sought-after,...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1923 Graded $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
One of the most beautiful and desired coins in the world is the $20 Sain...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












1927 Graded $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
The $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin is one of the most highly desired coins...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Sovereign Gold Coin
The Sovereign is a gold coin of the United Kingdom. It has a nominal val...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Gold Britannia Coin
The 1 oz Britannia coins are British bullion coins issued by the Royal M...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












Gold Bullion Bars
Gold bars have captivated people throughout history. The earliest types...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










American Eagle Silver Coin
The American Eagle Silver Bullion Coin is the only investment-grade silv...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










90% Silver US Coins ($250 Face Value)
Dimes, quarters and half dollars dated 1964 and before are made up of 90...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












Fisher House Coin
OUT OF STOCK

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










American Eagle Silver Proof
The Proof American Eagle silver coin is a collector version of the popul...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Morgan Dollar Silver Coin
Minted from 1878 to 1921, the Morgan Dollar was authorized by the Bland-...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












Peace Dollar Silver Coin
The Peace Dollar was minted from 1921 to 1928 and then again in 1934 and...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Silver Britannia Coin
Britannia coins are British bullion coins issued by the Royal Mint in go...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Silver Bullion Bars
Although silver bullion bars are produced in weights from one ounce to 1...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












Platinum Bullion Bars
The obverse (front) of the bar has the PAMP logo and a serial number tha...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Palladium Bullion Bars
A rare and lustrous silvery-white metal discovered in 1803 by William Hy...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Canadian Maple Leaf Palladium Coin
The obverse (front) of the coin features a likeness of Queen Elizabeth I...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 















Customer Agreement




 In order to finish processing, please submit a physical copy of this signed customer agreement along with your payment.


	This Customer Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Rosland Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a principal place of business located at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 ("Rosland Capital"), and the person(s) or entity identified on the signature page hereof ("Customer") for the purchase, sale and delivery of precious metals, coins and other products offered by Rosland Capital (collectively, the "Products"). The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all transactions between Customer and Rosland Capital. Download PDF
1. Purchases and Payments.
	1.1 Customer may place an order (each, a "Purchase Order") with a Rosland Capital representative (each, a "Rosland Capital Representative") by telephone for the purchase, sale and delivery of Products which shall have the same effect as if the Purchase Order was made in writing. Customer's Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative to ensure the details of the Purchase Order are correct and will include the price, quantity, method of payment and delivery and other material terms of the Purchase Order. Purchase Orders for bullion cannot be accepted prior to Rosland’s receipt of good funds, and after receipt of such funds the final terms of the Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative.

	1.2 Rosland Capital will send Customer a written confirmation of each Purchase Order (the "Confirmation") at the address provided by Customer to Rosland Capital. The amount due under the Purchase Order (the "Purchase Price") shall be due and payable in full to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving proof, semi-numismatic, numismatic or premium coins, and on or before the date of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving bullion (in either case, the "Payment Period"). Failure to pay the Purchase Price within the Payment Period shall constitute a default by Customer. Upon such default, Rosland Capital will be relieved of all its obligations under the Purchase Order and may recover from Customer the difference between the Purchase Price agreed to by Customer for the Products and Rosland Capital's actual resale price for the Products at the time of default, up to four percent (4%) of the Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 1.1 and 1.2, purchases made on-line at www.RoslandCapital.com shall be subject to the payment provisions set forth on-line by Rosland Capital from time to time.
	1.3 Customer agrees to pay the Purchase Price by personal check, credit card or bank wire (except that any payments for bullion shall be made by check or bank wire only). The Purchase Price specified in a Purchase Order shall include, without limitation, all shipping, handling, storage, delivery, taxes, assessments and other fees imposed on transactions involving the Products. All amounts stated in a Purchase Order are in U.S. Dollars and all payments made by Customer to Rosland Capital under a Purchase Order shall be made in the U.S. and in U.S. Dollars.
2. Delivery. Rosland Capital shall ship the Products to Customer, or Customer’s appointed agent or designee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase Order, within fourteen (14) business days (or such lesser period as required by law) of Rosland Capital’s actual receipt of the full Purchase Price from Customer. Title to the Products purchased by Customer and risk of loss thereto shall pass to Customer upon Customer’s, or Customer’s appointed agent's or designee's, actual receipt of the Products. Customer shall be responsible for all shipping and handling charges incurred in connection with the delivery of the Products and Customer acknowledges that shipping and handling charges will vary depending on the weight, value, destination and method of shipment of the Products.
  
3. Buy-Back Policy and Customer Service. If in the future you decide that you would like to sell any precious metal or coin products purchased from Rosland Capital, as a service to our customers, Rosland Capital will provide you the opportunity to sell such products back to us at the current market value determined by Rosland Capital for such products on the day the sale to us is completed. You are, of course, free to sell to others, but we believe that you may receive a higher net price by selling to Rosland Capital because we are familiar with the products we have sold you, and do not charge any additional fees or commissions when making such purchases. Due to market conditions and other factors, you may receive less than what you originally paid. Rosland Capital will make payment for any purchased Product within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the Products from Customer.Our buy-back policy is a voluntary service to our customers and is subject to withdrawal or change without notice. We may also purchase products not originally sold by Rosland Capital; however, such purchases are subject to additional fees and/or commissions at current market rates.Rosland Capital maintains a dedicated customer service department that handles all customer services, including liquidation requests, refund requests and complaints. Rosland Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer can be reached by phone at (800) 967-5151 or by email at services@RoslandCapital.com.
 
4. Refunds and Returns. Rosland Capital provides Customer the right to receive a full refund of the Purchase Price for the return of undamaged and unused Products; provided, however, that Rosland Capital receives written notice of Customer's intention to return the Products within seven (7) days after the date that Customer receives the Products, and provided, further, that such Products are returned to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days following receipt by Rosland Capital of notice of cancellation from Customer. Customer’s “receipt” of the Products is deemed to occur at the earliest of: (a) the date that Customer receives actual possession of the Products or (b) the date that Customer receives written confirmation from Rosland Capital that the Products have been deposited on Customer’s behalf in an independent depository. Rosland Capital shall, upon written notice of cancellation and receipt of the Products in the same condition as delivered, issue a full refund of the Purchase Price to Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of Rosland Capital's receipt of the returned Products from Customer.
 
5. Classifications. Rosland Capital's classification of a particular Product as bullion, numismatic, semi-numismatic or premium expresses Rosland Capital's opinion and other precious metal dealers or investors may classify the same Product differently. The classification of a particular Product depends on a number of objective and subjective factors and any classification may change over time. Rosland Capital's spread and prices are based on Rosland Capital's classification determinations. Bullion may be in bar or coin form, and its value primarily depends on its precious metal content. Its value fluctuates with the “spot price” of the precious metal, which is its current market price. Numismatic coins (including proof coins) are coins whose value primarily depends on factors such as demand, scarcity, dates, condition and grades, and less so on precious metal content. Semi-numismatic coins are coins that have some bullion value and thus their value may fluctuate with the spot price of the precious metal they contain, as well as other factors such as supply and demand. Premium coins include numismatic and semi-numismatic coins, as well as proof coins and Exclusive Specialty coins of limited mintage, whose value derives from their quality and limited supply, as well as their precious metal content. Exclusive Specialty coins are typically of high quality, limited mintage, high precious metal content and often from a branded or other unique source; Rosland Capital determines which products are designated Exclusive Specialty coins based upon the foregoing factors. Precious metals that have lower precious metal content, which may include some numismatics, will have a lower “melt value”, which is determined by multiplying the precious metal content of a coin or bar by its spot price. For example, if the spot price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, a coin containing one ounce of gold has a melt value of $1,000.6. Spread. The difference between the Purchase Price Customer pays for Products under a Purchase Order and the price that Rosland Capital actually pays for the Products purchased by Customer under such Purchase Order is known as the "spread" and it is stated as a percentage of the Purchase Price paid by the Customer.  Spreads charged to Customer under a particular transaction may differ significantly from spreads charged to other customers in similar transactions or spreads charged to Customer in other transactions. The spread on Rosland Capital's premium, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins typically ranges between 17% and 33%. The spread on Rosland Capital's bullion typically ranges between 4% and 21%. (For example, if Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a numismatic coin was $300 and included a 20% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $240. If Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a bullion coin was $300 and included a 5% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $285.) The spread on Rosland Capital's IRA (as defined below) transactions typically ranges between 17% and 25%. The foregoing spreads are approximations and the spreads at any time and for any given transaction may be significantly different. Exclusive Specialty coins designated by Rosland Capital are only sold by Rosland Capital from sources and based on designs exclusive to Rosland Capital at prices set by Rosland Capital based on their quality, limited mintage, precious metal content and branded or unique source, without any reference to any “spread,” which does not apply to this classification of coins.
 7. Pricing. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are established by Rosland Capital upon its analysis of each item and may change many times during the day. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are not tied to prices quoted by any other organization and there are no established daily limits on the amount those prices may change. Rosland Capital reserves the right to increase or decrease its prices at its sole discretion at any time. Customer is encouraged to compare Rosland Capital’s prices with those offered by other dealers. 
 8. Taxes. Tax consequences of transactions with Rosland Capital are the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer shall pay to Rosland Capital any sales, use or other tax applicable to transactions involving the Products.
 9. Security. Customer hereby grants Rosland Capital a lien and security interest in the Products in Rosland Capital's possession or control that Customer orders pursuant to a Purchase Order as collateral for any amounts owed by Customer to Rosland Capital under this Agreement, any Purchase Order or otherwise. Customer agrees to execute such additional documents as may be necessary to perfect or evidence this security interest.
 
10. Electronic Recordation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Rosland Capital may choose, in its sole discretion, to monitor or record Customer's telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by Rosland Capital in writing, Rosland Capital does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative by Customer or any third party. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital will not record all telephone conversations and that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone conversation will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.
  
11. Customer Representations. Customer hereby represents to Rosland Capital that (i) Customer is of legal age and capacity and has the requisite powers, authority, and rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) Customer is not a party, and will not become a party, to any agree­ment, obligation, or understanding that is inconsistent with this Agreement or mightlimit or impair Customer's performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Customer is an experienced investor who understands the risks and obligations involved under this Agreement; and (iv) Customer's transactions under this Agreement shall be for investment or other commercial purposes and not for any personal, family, household or other consumer purposes.
 
12. Acknowledgements.12.1 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital is a dealer in precious metals, coins and other related products. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is not an exchange or brokerage house or a financial or investment advisor and that neither Rosland Capital nor any Rosland Capital Representative acts as an agent or fiduciary for any of Rosland Capital's Customers.12.2 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products involve substantial risks. Market prices are volatile and unpredictable and may be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, political events, mon­etary policies of various countries, and fluctuations in production and demand. It is impossible to forecast accurately how or to what degree the foregoing or other factors will affect market prices. What is suitable for one customer with a given financial means may not be suitable for other customers with the same financial means.12.3 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products are speculative and volatile, and prices may rise and fall over time. Customer acknowledges that profit can only be made if prices for the Products rise in an amount over the Purchase Price paid by Customer for the Products and that Customer may still incur a loss despite favorable price movements.12.4 Customer acknowledges that Customer is financially and emotionally able to enter into transactions which are contemplated by this Agreement and is sensitive to and able to accept the risks and to meet the financial commitments being made under this Agreement.  12.5 Customer acknowledges that grades and descriptions of Products are opinions and not statements of fact, and are based on standards and interpretations that change over time. Rosland Capital uses contemporary grading standards and inter­pretations to grade its Products or relies upon the opinions of third party grading services such as Numismatic Guaranty Corporation and Professional Coin Grading Service. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that its Products will achieve the same grades from any third party grading service in the future.12.6 Customer acknowledges that Customer is responsible for all purchases made on Customer's account. If Customer believes that a Purchase Order has been entered into for Customer's account without Customer's authorization, Customer shall immedi­ately notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department at: compliance@RoslandCapital.com. Similarly, if Customer believes that any Rosland Capital Representative has made a verbal or written representation that is inconsistent with the terms or risks set forth herein or is unprofessional or offensive in nature, Customer will notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department immediately. Customer further acknowledges that if Customer fails to make the required notification within ten (10) business days following the date on which the event first became known to Customer, Customer waives all rights to contest such mat­ter.12.7 Rosland Capital Representatives may from time to time discuss the general direction of various financial markets. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives cannot guarantee any market movement. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives are not licensed as investment advisors and are not making any specific recommendations concerning any forms of investment. Rosland Capital and the Rosland Capital Representatives are not agents for Customer, have different financial interests and incentives from Customer and owe no fiduciary duty to Customer. Rosland Capital Representatives are commissioned salespersons whose commissions are greatest on numismatic, semi-numismatic and premium items and least on bullion. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital believes precious metals and coins are appropriate for 5% to 20% of a portfolio, although certain individuals or organizations might recommend a different percentage. Customer agrees to independently determine what percentage is appropriate for Customer based upon Customer’s individual circumstance. 12.8 Customer acknowledges that Customer has conducted and will conduct Customer's own research and analysis regarding the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital and Customer will not rely upon any statements made by a Rosland Capital Representative concerning the future value of the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital. Rosland Capital does not provide investment or financial advice. Customer acknowledges that precious metals and coins do not earn interest or current income.12.9 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the 1930’s gold recall by the Government is as follows: “In 1933, the U.S. Government, by Executive Order, prohibited the private ownership of certain quantities of gold bars and coins.  There were several exceptions to this ban, including allowing people to own “gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins.”  At the time the United States was on the gold standard.  Since 1971 the United States has not been on the gold standard.  The Executive Order prohibiting private ownership was repealed in 1974.  Currently, there are no restrictions on gold ownership, and the ability of the U.S. Government to recall gold is limited to times of war and requires action by the President or Congress.  No one can say with certainty if or how the U.S. Government might prohibit ownership of gold in the future, or whether any particular gold product might be exempt from any future prohibitions.”12.10 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the reportability of precious metals is as follows: “Many of our customers are concerned about personal privacy or disclosing that they own precious metals.  Accordingly, they often choose to purchase precious metals that do not require disclosure of personal information such as name, address and social security number when they sell such precious metals. Currently, certain bullion, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins do not require disclosure of such personal information when a customer sells them.”12.11 Customer acknowledges that Customer has read Rosland Capital’s brochure, which provides additional information about the risks of buying and selling precious metals and coins. This brochure is updated period­ically and it is Customer's responsibility to remain up to date by requesting a copy of the most recent version at Rosland Capital's website, www.RoslandCapital.com.12.12 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital may provide information about companies which provide trustee and custodian services for Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA) as a convenience to its customers.  Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is independent from and not affiliated with any of the companies which may provide those services. It is Customer's responsibility to independently select the IRA service company suitable for Customer. Rosland Capital shall have no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from Customer's dealings with any IRA service company.13. DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.13.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ROSLAND CAPITAL PROVIDES THE PRODUCTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ROSLAND CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FUTURE VALUE, OTHER THAN THOSE MADE EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY.13.2 EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION ON WHICH THEY ARE BASED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.13.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.
	 

	14.  Miscellaneous/Arbitration.14.1 Customer expressly authorizes Rosland Capital to contact Customer at the telephone numbers provided in this Agreement regardless of whether these numbers are listed on any state or federal Do Not Call list. If Customer requests that Rosland Capital no longer contact Customer, Rosland Capital will promptly place Customer on Rosland Capital's Do Not Call list.14.2 In no event will Rosland Capital be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if and to the extent such default or delay is caused by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God; wars, terrorist acts, site-specific terrorist threats, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions; strikes, lockouts or labor disputes;governmental actions, suspensions of commodity exchanges, the failure or delay of Rosland Capital's suppliers; or the failure or disruption of the Internet, including but not limited to any failure, error or disruption involving any third party Internet service providers or Rosland Capital’s own internal computer systems; or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of Rosland Capital.14.3 Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Rosland Capital's written consent. Rosland Capital may freely assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Customer.14.4 All communications shall be sent to Rosland Capital at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 and to Customer at the address set forth above or such other address subsequently provided to Rosland Capital by Customer in writing. All communications given by Rosland Capital to Customer by mail shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier; if hand delivered, when delivered to Customer's address; if telephonic, at the time of such phone conversation or facsimile transmission; or if by email, on the day of such transmission.14.5 Customer will notify Rosland Capital promptly of the death of any signer on a Rosland Capital account by providing a certified death certificate. Upon proof of death, Rosland Capital will recognize the account as the sole property of the estate or lawful heirs, as substantiated in documents provided to Rosland Capital. Customer agrees to hold Rosland Capital harmless and defend against any loss, liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any action taken by Rosland Capital in reliance upon the foregoing. Rosland Capital may require such additional consents, documents or other papers in order to substantiate ownership of accounts and may retain account balances until it is reasonably satisfied of the ownership of such account and the persons authorized to take action with respect thereto.14.6 Governing Law; Arbitration. The formation of this Agreement constitutes the making of this contract within Los Angeles County, California, regardless of the manner, timing or location of delivery or receipt of acceptance of this Agreement. The parties agree that Los Angeles County, California is the exclusive venue for filing any action and hearing concerning disputes arising from or relating to the Products or this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflict of law principles. CUSTOMER AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND ROSLAND  CAPITAL (INCLUDING ANY OF ROSLAND CAPITAL'S CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SCOPE OR APPLICABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE KEPT IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION HEARING, WILL BE LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, TO ENFORCE THIS SECTION. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT IT WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN THE BASIC ARBITRATION COSTS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATION FEES AND THE FEES OF THE ARBITRATOR(S). EACH PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS FEES RELATED TO THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.14.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY AGREES TO HAVE ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT DECIDED BY ARBITRATION AND IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES DETERMINED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR BY A JURY. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS SIMILARLY WAIVING ITS RIGHTS TO APPEAL, UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN.14.8 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs to Compel Arbitration. IN THE EVENT (1) CUSTOMER REFUSES TO ARBITRATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT BY COMMENCING ANY ACTION AGAINST ROSLAND CAPITAL IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURT, OR OTHERWISE, AND (2) ROSLAND CAPITAL OBTAINS ANY RELIEF WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM A PETITION OR MOTION (OR LIKE PROCEDURAL MECHANISM) TO COMPEL ARBITRATION, THEN CUSTOMER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF ROSLAND CAPITAL’S REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL’S EFFORTS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.14.9 Waiver of Class Action. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT CUSTOMER MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE. ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE ASSERTED INDIVIDUALLY.14.10 One Year Limit to Bring Claims. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CUSTOMER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE CALENDAR YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES, OR FOREVER BE BARRED. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, CUSTOMER MIGHT HAVE A LONGER TIME PERIOD TO INITIATE A CLAIM UNDER STATE OR FEDERAL LAW.14.11 Limitation on Damages. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY BRINGING AN ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY ACTUAL CONTRACT DAMAGES AND TORT DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE PARTY AND PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY AND RESULTING FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S ALLEGED BREACH, AND IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.  THIS SECTION STATES THE EXCLUSIVE DAMAGE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER.14.12 The terms and provisions in this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.14.13 No failure or delay by Rosland Capital in exercising any of its rights, powers, or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy. No waiver or modification of any term of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.14.14 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and delivered by facsimile transmission, each copy of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.14.15 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, and agreements between the parties.
Download / View Print-Friendly PDF 




1Print Customer AgreementDOWNLOAD 


2Read and Sign Customer Agreement 


3Mail to Rosland Capital 11766 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1200Los Angeles, CA 90025





Close















Home







































				Home
			





















The Precious Metals Sector Fund, LP
A PRIVATE FUND FOR QUALIFIED INVESTORS INVESTING IN PHYSICAL GOLD AND SILVER AND A DIVERSIFIED PORTFOLIO OF LARGE AND SMALL GOLD AND SILVER MINING COMPANIES
For more information, please contact Harold Rosen847-932-1912harold@thepreciousmetalssectorfund.com































 

 




Proudly powered by Weebly








    				Home
    			


















✕







Precious Metals - Sprott Asset Management









































Sprott Precious Metals
Expertise and track record of innovation

Sprott is a globally recognized leader in precious metals investing. Over the years, we’ve designed and developed innovative investment products for investors – from equity and bullion mutual funds, to exchange-traded bullion and equity solutions – that address very specific needs within their portfolios.


SEE PRODUCT OFFERING »






Sprott Precious Metals Team
Our seasoned portfolio managers are supported by in-house technical advisors who possess a wealth of mining industry experience. Pictured left to right: Senior Portfolio Manager, Jason Mayer; Senior Portfolio Manager, Paul Wong; Portfolio Manager, Maria Smirnova; Associate Portfolio Manager, Shree Kargutkar; Economic Geologist, Andrew Jackson and, Precious Metal Strategist, Trey Reik.





Investment Approach


Team-based approach
Focused portfolios of 30-40 names
Emphasis on technical expertise
Use of options, short selling, ETFs and cash to reduce downside volatility













Why invest in precious metals


Portfolio diversifier - Gold and silver have historically shown low correlation to traditional asset classes 
Historical store of value 


What our gold team is seeing


We are likely in the early stages of the current gold bull market, driven by a global push to a negative interest rate policy, currency volatility and a high level of cross-asset class correlation. 
Gold and silver equities are trading at attractive valuations – companies have reduced their operating costs, while equity valuations are still at historic lows relative to the price of gold
The average 24 month return of gold equities following the market bottom of the last 7 bear markets was 117%.

The recent rally has the hallmarks of a trend...
Current bear market has matched historical bear market precedents in both duration and magnitude and is bouncing off bottom of +35 year channel.

Chart represents S&P/TSX Global Gold Index in $USD, Source:Bloomberg, As at May 29, 2016






Our Funds

Mutual Funds
Equities

Sprott Gold & Precious Minerals Fund/Class
Sprott Silver Equities Class



 
Bullion Funds

Sprott Gold Bullion Fund/Class
Sprott Silver Bullion Fund/Class



Exchange Traded
Equities

Sprott Gold Miners ETF(NYSE: SGDM)
Sprott Junior Gold Miners ETF(NYSE: SGDJ)



 
Physical Trusts

Sprott Physical Gold Trust(NYSE: PHYS, TSX: PHY.U)
Sprott Physical Silver Trust(NYSE: PSLV, TSX: PHS.U)
Sprott Physical Platinum & Palladium Trust(NYSE: SPPP, TSX: PPT.U)



Institutional
Global Gold Strategy

Sprott Global Gold Capital LP
Sprott Global Gold Canada Fund LP
Sprott Global Gold Offshore Fund Inc.


For more information on Institutional products, please click here









You are now leaving Sprott.com and entering a linked website. Sprott has partnered with ALPS in offering ETF products. For fact sheets, marketing materials, prospectuses, performance, expense information and other details about the ETFs, you will be directed to the ALPS/Sprott website  at www.SprottETFs.com   
An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectuses contain this and other important information. For more information about the ETFs or to obtain a prospectus, call 1.855.215.1425. Read the prospectuses carefully before investing. The ETFs are distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc. ALPS Advisors, Inc. is the investment adviser to the ETFs and Sprott Asset Management LP is the investment sub-adviser. Sprott is not affiliated with ALPS.  
Continue to Sprott Exchange Traded Funds




























 









Precious Metals and Mining Trust









































                     Press enter to skip to main page content 
                


Follow us  




























 Site Utility Link 




                        Home
                    



                            Advisor login
                        



                            Investor login
                        



                            Français
                        


Contact us





























                            Français
                        























         Insert text to search. 
        <!--search.example-->Example: product name, fund code, documents
    

 


 




 Main Content Navigation 




Prices & performance



Mutual funds


Equity / equity income


Sector


Balanced


Fixed income


Personal Pension Portfolios




Private pools


Equity / equity income


Balanced


Fixed income


Real Income




Structured products


Flow through


Closed end



 

Managers & insights



Portfolio managers


Media spotlight


Market & fund commentaries

 

Products & services





Products & solutions


Corporate class


Flow-through limited partnerships


Personal Pension Portfolios


Real Income




Features


Enhancing the Sentry investment team




Accounts


Tax-free savings account




Services


Flexible distribution service


Passive foreign investment companies (PFICs)








Learning centre





Benefits of professional advice


The benefits of working with a financial advisor




Mutual fund basics


What is a mutual fund?


Common types of mutual funds


How to buy a mutual fund


Mutual fund fees


Understanding mutual fund returns




Investing concepts


The importance of diversifying your portfolio


The importance of asset allocation


Using options strategies




Tax-advantaged investing


Tax-advantaged investing


Saving for retirement – RRSPs and TFSAs


Drawing income in retirement


Saving for education


Understanding tax treatment of distributions








About us



Our story


Our investment approach


Our community


Executive team


Board of directors


Institutional


Careers


News

 









Menu



Search area

 Insert text to search. 
                <!--search.example-->Example: product name, fund code, documents
            







Prices & performance


Mutual funds


Equity / equity income


Sector


Balanced


Fixed income


Personal Pension Portfolios




Private pools


Equity / equity income


Balanced


Fixed income


Real Income




Structured products


Flow through


Closed end






Managers & insights


Portfolio managers


Media spotlight


Market & fund commentaries




Products & services


Products & solutions


Corporate class


Flow-through limited partnerships


Personal Pension Portfolios


Real Income




Features


Enhancing the Sentry investment team




Accounts


Tax-free savings account




Services


Flexible distribution service


Passive foreign investment companies (PFICs)






Learning centre


Benefits of professional advice


The benefits of working with a financial advisor




Mutual fund basics


What is a mutual fund?


Common types of mutual funds


How to buy a mutual fund


Mutual fund fees


Understanding mutual fund returns




Investing concepts


The importance of diversifying your portfolio


The importance of asset allocation


Using options strategies




Tax-advantaged investing


Tax-advantaged investing


Saving for retirement – RRSPs and TFSAs


Drawing income in retirement


Saving for education


Understanding tax treatment of distributions






About us


Our story


Our investment approach


Our community


Executive team


Board of directors


Institutional


Careers


News











 Site breadcrumb trail 

 You are here:
            
Prices & performanceStructured ProductsPrecious Metals and Mining Trust






                ﻿


Precious Metals and Mining Trust





                            Choose other fund
                        


NCE Diversified Flow-Through (16) Limited Partnership


Precious Metals and Mining Trust
Sentry Select Primary Metals Corp.








Currency

Currency


                                        CAD
                                    








 Print
                            

 Fund facts
                            

 Prospectus
                            











         NAV ($) 
    

         As at
        2017-07-20
    

        2.026
    
Market price

            2.270
        



                                         Mgmt fee (%) 
                                    

                                        -
                                                                            


                                            AUM
                                        






                                             MER (%) 
                                        

                                            1.91


                                                                                
Distributions

                                            $0.0200 per unit
                                        






Risk meter

Low
Low to medium
Medium
Medium to high
High












Management team
                    

Popular documents
                    






Overview
Performance
Documents
 Historical prices












 Fund overview
Precious Metals and Mining Trust is a closed-end investment trust with a focus on providing long-term capital appreciation and monthly income through exposure to the North American precious metals sector.
The Trust focuses on companies engaged in the exploration, mining and production of gold, diamonds, uranium, copper, zinc and other metals and minerals in North America. The portfolio manager seeks companies with “high wealth creation potential” such as juniors exploring for new deposits, small producers looking to increase production and potential takeover targets. 
Investors benefit in several key ways:
Long-term capital appreciation in a sector with the potential for above-market performance
Monthly cash distributions, initially representing 5% yield per annum
hedge against inflation
The Trust meets the needs of investors seeking to enhance portfolio diversification. As a part of an asset class with a low correlation to stocks and bonds, precious metals and minerals can provide increased return potential and diversification within a well-balanced portfolio.
Building Partnerships ®









Fund facts
         (2012-12-31) 
    


Fund codes

                   MMP.UN
                


Inception date
2006-06-20
Investment type
Structured products


 Income distribution
Monthly


RRSP eligible
Yes


 




Growth of $10,000 invested



                Customize
            



 



Initial investment:



 Periodic investment



Choose frequency

Monthly
Quarterly
Semi-annual
Annual









From:

January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


 

2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017










To:
                                

January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


 

2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017







                        Update
                    

 





























Management team



                            Kevin MacLean
                        
Senior Vice-President and Senior Portfolio Manager

                            Full bio
                        




                            Jon Case
                        
Portfolio Manager

                            Full bio
                        



Popular documents



                            Summary of investment portfolio
                        


                            2016 distribution breakdown - final tax allocation
                        


                            2016 distribution breakdown - final tax allocation per security
                        






There are ongoing fees and expenses associated with owning units/shares of an investment fund. An investment fund must prepare disclosure documents that contain key information about the fund. You can find more detailed information about the fund in these documents. Any indicated rates of return are the historical annual compounded total returns including changes in unit/share value and reinvestment of all dividends or distributions and does not take into account certain fees such as redemption fees, optional charges or income taxes payable by any security holder that would have reduced returns. Investment funds are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated.
For those investment funds that are traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”), you will usually pay brokerage fees to your dealer if you purchase or sell units/shares of the investment fund on the TSX. If the units/shares are purchased or sold on the TSX, investors may pay more than the current net asset value when buying units/shares of the investment fund and may receive less than the current net asset value when selling them.
The information contained herein is not an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy any security. Such an offer can only be made by prospectus or other applicable offering document.











Keep in touch

Contact us
Careers
Site feedback
Subscribe to email alerts and RSS





Legal

Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Accessibility Standards Policy
Trade matching statement (PDF)
IRC- Report to investors (PDF)
Unsubscribe





					Email sentry investments
				


 





Name












Email







Related to

 Select one 
General Inquiries 
Marketing Information 
Account Information 
Duplicate Statement/Tax Information 
Advisor Login 
Human Resources
Privacy policy
Other






Your comments





Submit

 








			Sentry Investments
			Sentry Investments, 199 Bay Street, Suite 2700, P.O. Box 108, Toronto, ON M5L 1E2
			© 2017 Sentry Investments, all rights reserved.
		















































Precious Metals UltraSector ProFund | ProFunds













 

Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content





ProFunds Not just funds, ProFunds









Search 

Search












Precious Metals UltraSector ProFund


The Precious Metals UltraSector ProFund seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that are 1.5x the return of the Dow Jones U.S. Precious MetalsSM Index (the "Index") for a single day. 
View Prospectus







Fund Snapshot


Fund Snapshot


Investor Class
Service Class


Ticker
PMPIX

			PMPSX
			


CUSIP
743185316

            743185290
			


Fund Number
052

            082
			


Inception Date

             6/3/2002
			


Fund Group
Sector ProFunds - UltraSector






Fund Statistics


Fund Statistics

Limits On Exchanges
None


Minimum Investment


Individual Investor
$15,000


Financial Professionals
$5,000









NAV as of 7/27/2017



Class
NAV
% Change
$ Change



Investor
$38.51
-2.36%
-$0.93
NAV History


Service
$34.06
-2.38%
-$0.83
NAV History














Returns (as of 6/30/2017)
Past performance does not guarantee future results. The performance data quoted represents past performance and current returns may be lower or higher. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. 
For standardized returns year-to-date, and as of the most recent calendar quarter-end, and annualized month-end, see performance. Returns include the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.




Returns (as of 6/30/2017)

YTD (as of 7/26/2017)
8.95%


Average Annual One Year
-35.78%


Average Annual Three Year
-20.07%


Average Annual Five Year
-22.62%


Average Annual Ten Year
-14.28%


Average Annual Since Inception
-7.96%


Cumulative Since Inception
-71.34%


Gross Expense Ratio
1.55%


Net Expense Ratio *
1.55%



* Contractual waiver effective from December 1, 2016 through November 30, 2017. Without such a waiver of fees, the total returns would have been lower.
All data, unless otherwise noted, is as of  6/30/2017 and for Investor Class Shares only and is subject to change.



Index/Benchmark
Dow Jones U.S. Precious Metals Index
The Index (Bloomberg symbol: DJGSP) measures the performance of the precious metals mining sector. Component companies include, among others, leading miners and producers of gold, silver and platinum-group metals whose securities are available to U.S. investors during U.S. trading hours. It is a float-adjusted, market capitalization weighted index. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.






Total Index Companies
22


Price/Earnings Ratio
41.26


Price/Book Ratio
1.50


Dividend Yield
1.00%


Average Index Market Capitalization

                5.73 billion
			








Index as of 6/30/2017



Index Sector Weightings
Weight



                    Gold
                

                    87.95%
                



                    Silver
                

                    12.05%
                



                    Precious Metals & Minerals
                

                    0.00%
                





Index as of 6/30/2017


As of 6/30/2017

Top 10 Index Companies
Weight



                    Barrick Gold Corp.
                

                    14.96%
                



                    Newmont Mining Corp.
                

                    13.93%
                



                    Franco-Nevada Corp.
                

                    10.40%
                



                    Goldcorp Inc.
                

                    8.91%
                



                    Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd.
                

                    8.41%
                



                    Wheaton Precious Metals Corp.
                

                    7.09%
                



                    Randgold Resources Ltd.-Sponsored ADR
                

                    6.69%
                



                    Royal Gold Inc.
                

                    4.12%
                



                    Kinross Gold Corp.
                

                    4.09%
                



                    AngloGold Ashanti Ltd.-ADR
                

                    3.20%
                








Trading Information












You are leaving the ProFunds website. ProFunds is not responsible for information provided on third-party websites.
































 Vanguard - Product overview - Precious Metals & Mining













































































Your input was invalid

























Fact sheet (06/30/2017)A brief product description that includes information on performance, cost, industry weightings, top holdings, investment approach, and portfolio attributes. Updated quarterly.



  Download



















Summary prospectusA simplified, standardized version of a statutory prospectus. Includes discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance intended to make it easier to compare all mutual funds regardless of provider. Updated annually.



  Download


























Statutory prospectusIncludes detailed discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance. By law, a prospectus must be provided to a potential investor before he or she can invest. Updated annually.



  Download


























Statement of additional informationA document provided as a supplement to a mutual fund prospectus. It contains more detailed information about fund policies, operations, and risks. Updated annually.



  Download



















Investment profile (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, quarterly commentary on investment performance, and detailed discussion on the management team and investment process. Updated quarterly.



  Download



















Investment commentary (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including description, style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, and brief quarterly commentary on investment performance. Updated quarterly.



  Download



















Semiannual report (07/31/2016)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated semiannually.



  Download



















Annual report (01/31/2017)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated annually.



  Download














VANGUARD PRODUCTS




















 ETFs 
 Mutual Funds 
 All 




{{assetClass.name}} 









{{subAssetClass}}





Data is temporarily unavailable. For assistance, please call 800-997-2798 Monday throughy Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 7 p.m., Eastern time. 


{{fund.profile.longNm | trimFundName}}  {{fund.profile.ticker}}








Vanguard portfolio holdings disclaimerPortfolio holdings information:Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the percentage of the fund's total assets that each of these holdings represents as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 15 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month).Vanguard may also publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the aggregate percentage that these holdings represent of the fund's total net assets and equities, as of the most recent month-end, ten business days after the end of the month.Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, a detailed list of the securities (aggregated by issuer for money market funds) held in a Vanguard fund (portfolio holdings) as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard Market Neutral Fund (60 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter), Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month), and Vanguard Money Market Funds (within five [5] business days after the last business day of the preceding month). Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, Vanguard may exclude any portion of these portfolio holdings from publication on this Site when deemed in the best interest of the fund.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on a delayed basis and will not necessarily represent all of the actual investments held by the relevant Vanguard fund.Portfolio holdings may exclude any temporary cash investments and equity index products.The following additional terms and conditions apply to the publication on this Site of any Vanguard fund's portfolio holdings as described above:By accessing the portfolio holdings, you agree not to reproduce, distribute, or disseminate the portfolio holdings, in whole or in part, in any form without prior written permission of Vanguard.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on an "as is" basis, and Vanguard makes no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or fitness of the portfolio holdings or any financial results you may achieve from their use.In no event shall Vanguard or its affiliates have any liability relating to the use of the portfolio holdings.






Vanguard share class options






StyleboxThe stylebox gives information about a fund’s investment style in visual form.For equity funds, a stylebox’s rows and columns indicate market capitalization (small, mid, large) and investment style (value, blend, growth); for fixed income funds, its rows and columns indicate credit quality and/or duration (short, medium, long).Two important things about a fund are shown in its stylebox:Central tendency. The fund’s central tendency reflects the aggregate characteristics resulting from the fund’s approach to security selection. Because it is based on an analysis of the performance characteristics of the fund’s potential holdings over long periods, the central tendency is expected to be relatively stable. In the stylebox, it is shown as a dot within the shaded oval.Expected range. Within the fund’s universe of potential holdings, and depending on the fund’s investment approach, some categories of investments will be owned more frequently; together, they are known as the expected range. In the stylebox, the expected range of frequently owned categories is represented by a shaded oval.Note: Styleboxes for  fixed income funds uses duration rather than average weighted maturity. Duration is a more accurate measure of interest rate sensitivity because it takes into consideration all mortgage prepayments, puts, and adjustable coupons.






 









Log on 

You're attempting to access a secure area. Please log on below.


You're attempting to access a secure area.Please log on below.



















Remember me





Need logon help?




Register for access



Need logon help?



Not registered?

Get more with full site accessAdditional tools from VanguardAdvisor-only materialsResources for your practiceFund commentary/analysis


Register for access



Not registered?

Register today for access to additional tools from Vanguard and Morningstar, resources for your practice, advisor-only materials, fund commentary/analysis, and more.

Register for access


















Precious Metals and Mining Fund (VGPMX)







Indexed to S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining  Fact sheet (06/30/2017)








Overview  

 Overview 
 Performance 
 Portfolio 
 Price & Distributions











Summary of this fundVanguard Precious Metals and Mining Fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation.




Investment approachMetals and minerals sector fund.Seeks long-term capital appreciation.Diversified exposure to metals and mining industries, including both precious and common metals or minerals.Fundamental research approach.
View more details



PRICE AND DISTRIBUTIONS
Price and distributions
as of 07/27/2017






NAVFor funds with a fluctuating price per share, the net asset value (NAV) is the market value of a mutual fund's total assets, minus liabilities, divided by the number of shares outstanding. The value of a single share is called its share value or share price.For money market funds that seek to maintain a stable price per share, the NAV is calculated by valuing securities at amortized cost, which approximates market value.
Change $/%



$10.50






– $0.16
					
  
					– 1.50%






SEC yield
A non-money market fund's SEC yield is based on a formula mandated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that calculates a fund's hypothetical annualized income, as a percentage of its assets. A security's income, for the purposes of this calculation, is based on the current market yield to maturity (in the case of bonds) or projected dividend yield (for stocks) of the fund's holdings over a trailing 30 day period. This hypothetical income will differ (at times, significantly) from the fund's actual experience; as a result, income distributions from the fund may be higher or lower than implied by the SEC yield.The SEC yield for a money market fund is calculated by annualizing its daily income distributions for the previous seven days.











Dividend yieldThe annual rate of return on a share of stock, determined by dividing the annual dividend by its current share price. In a stock mutual fund, this figure represents the average dividend yield of the stocks held by the fund.



0.90%



KEY FUND FACTS
Key fund facts




Expense ratio


0.43% as of 05/25/2017




Lipper peer average
expense ratio


1.457% as of 12/31/2016



Designation


Equity Precious Metals




Inception on


05/23/1984





Net assets for
						VGPMX 


$2.5 billion as of 06/30/2017



Holdings 


77 as of 06/30/2017



Management style


Active


Benchmark


S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining



Turnover rate 


 28.80%(Fiscal year-end  01/31/2017)


CUSIP


921908208





Fees and minimums
Fees and minimums




Purchase fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor buys shares. This fee is not a sales charge or load because it is paid directly to the fund to offset the costs of trading certain securities.


None



Redemption fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor sells shares. A redemption fee differs from a back-end load because the money is paid back into the fund. Many funds charge redemption fees only when shares are bought and then sold within a specific period of time, generally in an effort to discourage market-timing and short-term trading. Some brokers also charge their clients redemption fees for the sale of securities.


None


Minimum investment:


None



Large transaction policy
Large transactions may require notification






Large transaction policy  









ObjectiveVanguard Precious Metals and Mining Fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation.



Investment approachMetals and minerals sector fund.Seeks long-term capital appreciation.Diversified exposure to metals and mining industries, including both precious and common metals or minerals.Fundamental research approach.



Total returns

as of 06/30/2017






View as:








Quarter‑end

Month‑end





as of 06/30/2017








View as:Quarter‑end Quarter‑endMonth‑end













10%86420-2-4-6-8%     



 
YTD
1 year
5 year
10 year
Since
inception
05/23/1984





NAV 
						

8.54%
– 7.84%
– 6.96%
– 6.11%
4.43%






Benchmark
Spliced Global Custom Metals & Mining Index*
						

4.30%
7.72%
– 6.10%
– 2.60%
—


Note: Fee adjusted for mutual funds where applicable.
* S&P/Citigroup World Equity Gold Index through June 30, 2005; S&P Global Custom Metals and Mining Index thereafter.
The performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate, so investors' shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data cited.

Quarterly commentary  



Total returns details  






People and process

Firms
M&G Investment Management Limited
Product management
Vanguard Precious Metals and Mining Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in stocks that are broadly representative of the metals and minerals sector. The portfolio typically invests in companies engaged in the mining, processing, marketing, or distribution of gold, silver, platinum, diamonds, or other precious metals and rare minerals. The fund also invests in companies principally engaged in activities related to base and common metals or minerals. Supported by a team of analysts, the portfolio manager employs a fundamental approach focusing on long-term value. Assets are concentrated in the top ten holdings, emphasizing large, stable, and diversified companies. The fund is broadly diversified across geographies and subsectors. The fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in non-U.S. companies and may place up to 20% of its assets directly in gold, silver, or other precious-metal bullion and coins.
Firm and manager details  




Regional exposure as of 06/30/2017

 as of 06/30/2017





 
Region

 VGPMX


Benchmark
S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining Index
+/- Weight


Europe
14.0%
25.5%
– 11.5%

Pacific
5.3%
21.7%
– 16.4%

Emerging Markets
3.1%
12.5%
– 9.4%

North America
74.7%
39.2%
35.5%

Other
2.9%
1.1%
1.8%

0%75%
Total
100.0%
100.0%
 





Top 10 countries as of 06/30/2017

 as of 06/30/2017




Country
Region
VGPMX

Benchmark
S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining Index
+/- Weight

Canada
North America
65.1%
29.6%
35.5%
United Kingdom
Europe
13.5%
22.9%
– 9.4%
United States
North America
9.6%
9.6%
0.0%
Australia
Pacific
5.3%
18.2%
– 12.9%
Other
Other
2.9%
1.1%
1.8%
South Africa
Emerging Markets
1.2%
3.3%
– 2.1%
Peru
Emerging Markets
1.0%
1.4%
– 0.4%
Mexico
Emerging Markets
0.9%
1.7%
– 0.8%
Sweden
Europe
0.5%
1.0%
– 0.5%


Top 10 equals

100.0%

of stock

Country diversification details  






Top subsectors
as of 06/30/2017
				







Subindustry
VGPMX

Benchmark
S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining Index
+/- Weight

Gold
67.7%
38.4%
29.3%
Precious Metals & Minerals
9.0%
4.9%
4.1%
Diversified Metals & Mining
7.6%
42.1%
– 34.5%
Silver
7.0%
4.6%
2.4%
Copper
6.3%
6.0%
0.3%
Consumer Staples
2.0%
0.0%
2.0%
Other
0.4%
0.0%
0.4%
Aluminum
0.0%
4.0%
– 4.0%


Top sectors equal

100.0%

of stock

					 

Sector categories are based on the Global Industry Classification Standard, except for the "Other" category (if applicable), which includes securities that have not been provided a Global Industry Classification Standard as of the effective reporting period.

Subsector weightings  






Top 10 holdings as of 06/30/2017

 as of 06/30/2017




Rank
Holding

1
Franco-Nevada Corp.
2
Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd.
3
Newmont Mining Corp.
4
B2Gold Corp.
5
Randgold Resources Ltd.
6
Hochschild Mining plc
7
Nevsun Resources Ltd.
8
Endeavour Mining Corp.
9
Alamos Gold Inc.
10
Kinross Gold Corp.


Top 10 equals 41.3% of net assets


Portfolio holdings may exclude any temporary cash investments and equity index products.


Holdings policy for this fund  




Holding details  






Fundamentals




Equity –
						as of 06/30/2017

VGPMX

Benchmark
S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining Index


Number of equity
77
231


Median market cap
$69.0 billion
$11.3 billion


P/E ratio
31.2x
19.6x


P/B ratio
1.6x
1.4x


Turnover rate
28.8% Fiscal year end 1/2017
N/A






Fundamentals details  







Risk and volatility
as of 06/30/2017
				

as of 06/30/2017
			




 
VGPMX

Benchmark
Spliced Global Custom Metals & Mining Index


R-squared
N/A
0.92


Beta
N/A
1.03


Alpha
0.27
N/A


Standard deviation
35.58%
33.16%


Sharpe ratio
– 0.10
– 0.17

Risk and volatility are based on the share class with the earliest inception date.
Risk measures are calculated from trailing 36-month fund returns relative to the associated benchmarks.
An investment in the fund could lose money over short or even long periods. You should expect the fund’s share price and total return to fluctuate within a wide range, like the fluctuations of the overall stock market. The fund’s performance could be hurt by:Nondiversification risk: The chance that the fund’s performance may be hurt disproportionately by the poor performance of relatively few stocks or even a single stock. The fund is considered nondiversified, which means that it may invest a greater percentage of its assets in the securities of particular issuers as compared with other mutual funds. Because the fund tends to invest a high percentage of assets in its ten largest holdings, nondiversification risk is very high for the fund.Industry concentration risk: The chance that there will be overall problems affecting a particular industry. Because the fund normally invests at least 80% of its assets in one industry, the fund’s performance largely depends—for better or for worse—on the overall condition of this industry.Stock market risk: The chance that stock prices overall will decline. Stock markets tend to move in cycles, with periods of rising stock prices and periods of falling stock prices.Investment style risk: The chance that returns from small- and mid-capitalization stocks will trail returns from the overall stock market. Historically, small- and mid-cap stocks have been more volatile in price than the large-cap stocks that dominate the overall market, and they often perform quite differently. Small and mid-size companies tend to have greater stock volatility because, among other things, these companies are more sensitive to changing economic conditions.Manager risk: The chance that poor security selection will cause the fund to underperform relevant benchmarks or other funds with a similar investment objective.Country/regional risk: The chance that world events—such as political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters—will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions. Because the fund may invest a large portion of its assets in securities of companies located in any one country or region, its performance may be hurt disproportionately by the poor performance of its investments in that area. Country/regional risk is especially high in emerging markets.Currency risk: The chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in U.S. dollars, will decrease because of unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates.



Risk and volatility details  














LITERATURE


Fact sheet (06/30/2017)



Fact sheet (06/30/2017)




Summary prospectus



Summary prospectus





Statutory prospectus



Statutory prospectus




Statement of additional information



Statement of additional information




Investment profile (06/30/2017)  



Investment profile (06/30/2017)  




Investment commentary (06/30/2017)  



Investment commentary (06/30/2017)  




Semiannual report (07/31/2016)



Semiannual report (07/31/2016)




Annual report (01/31/2017)



Annual report (01/31/2017)

More





TOOLS
Compare products


My product list  


View all tools  





RESEARCH

07/06/2017 | ArticleAn inside look at Vanguard's Investment Management Group


06/26/2017 | ArticlePerformance vs. cost: Your clients don't have to choose


06/22/2017 | ArticleRisk speedometer: Pumping the brakes


06/19/2017 | ArticleAn analysis of dividend-oriented equity strategies


05/26/2017 | ArticleExpense ratio changes mean estimated $337 million in cumulative savings














































 Vanguard - Product overview - Precious Metals & Mining

















































































Your input was invalid

























Fact sheet (06/30/2017)A brief product description that includes information on performance, cost, industry weightings, top holdings, investment approach, and portfolio attributes. Updated quarterly.



  Download















Investment profile (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, quarterly commentary on investment performance, and detailed discussion on the management team and investment process. Updated quarterly.



  Download
  















Summary prospectusA simplified, standardized version of a statutory prospectus. Includes discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance intended to make it easier to compare all mutual funds regardless of provider. Updated annually.



  Download















Investment commentary (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including description, style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, and brief quarterly commentary on investment performance. Updated quarterly.



  Download
  















Statutory prospectusIncludes detailed discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance. By law, a prospectus must be provided to a potential investor before he or she can invest. Updated annually.



  Download















Annual report (01/31/2017)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated annually.



  Download















Semiannual report (07/31/2016)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated semiannually.



  Download















Statement of additional informationA document provided as a supplement to a mutual fund prospectus. It contains more detailed information about fund policies, operations, and risks. Updated annually.



  Download









Vanguard portfolio holdings disclaimerPortfolio holdings information:Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the percentage of the fund's total assets that each of these holdings represents as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 15 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month).Vanguard may also publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the aggregate percentage that these holdings represent of the fund's total net assets and equities, as of the most recent month-end, ten business days after the end of the month.Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, a detailed list of the securities (aggregated by issuer for money market funds) held in a Vanguard fund (portfolio holdings) as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard Market Neutral Fund (60 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter), Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month), and Vanguard Money Market Funds (within five [5 business days after the last business day of the preceding month). Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, Vanguard may exclude any portion of these portfolio holdings from publication on this Site when deemed in the best interest of the fund.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on a delayed basis and will not necessarily represent all of the actual investments held by the relevant Vanguard fund.Portfolio holdings may exclude any temporary cash investments and equity index products.The following additional terms and conditions apply to the publication on this Site of any Vanguard fund's portfolio holdings as described above:By accessing the portfolio holdings, you agree not to reproduce, distribute, or disseminate the portfolio holdings, in whole or in part, in any form without prior written permission of Vanguard.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on an "as is" basis, and Vanguard makes no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or fitness of the portfolio holdings or any financial results you may achieve from their use.In no event shall Vanguard or its affiliates have any liability relating to the use of the portfolio holdings.






StyleboxThe stylebox gives information about a fund’s investment style in visual form.For equity funds, a stylebox’s rows and columns indicate market capitalization (small, mid, large) and investment style (value, blend, growth); for bond funds, its rows and columns indicate credit quality and/or duration (short, medium, long).Two important things about a fund are shown in its stylebox:Central tendency. The fund’s central tendency reflects the aggregate characteristics resulting from the fund’s approach to security selection. Because it is based on an analysis of the performance characteristics of the fund’s potential holdings over long periods, the central tendency is expected to be relatively stable. In the stylebox, it is shown as a dot within the shaded oval.Expected range. Within the fund’s universe of potential holdings, and depending on the fund’s investment approach, some categories of investments will be owned more frequently; together, they are known as the expected range. In the stylebox, the expected range of frequently owned categories is represented by a shaded oval.Note: Styleboxes for bond funds uses duration rather than average weighted maturity. Duration is a more accurate measure of interest rate sensitivity because it takes into consideration all mortgage prepayments, puts, and adjustable coupons.






About the optionsFund share classesA fund may offer multiple share classes. The objectives, strategies, and policies for all share classes of a fund are identical. However, expense ratios vary by share class, reflecting the differing costs of providing services to the holders of each share class.Here are some of the key distinctions:Investor SharesTraditional shares for individual investors that typically feature low minimum initial investments.Admiral™ SharesA lower-cost share class generally available without a minimum initial investment requirement to institutional investors and financial intermediary clients. Vanguard created Admiral Shares to recognize and encourage the cost savings stemming from large, long-standing investment accounts and to pass these savings on to the shareholders who generate them.Institutional SharesShares generally available to institutions or other investors with fund account balances of $5 million or more.Institutional Plus SharesShares generally available to institutions or other investors with fund account balances from $100 million to $200 million, depending on the fund.Institutional Select SharesShares generally available to large institutional investors. Fund account minimums range from $3 billion to $5 billion, depending on fund.ETF SharesExchange-traded shares of certain Vanguard index funds, ETF Shares combine the benefits of indexing, such as low costs and broad market diversification, with the trading and pricing flexibility of individual stocks.Vanguard ETF Shares are not redeemable with the issuing Fund other than in very large aggregations worth millions of dollars. Instead, investors must buy and sell Vanguard ETF Shares in the secondary market and hold those shares in a brokerage account. In doing so, the investor may incur brokerage commissions and may pay more than net asset value when buying and receive less than net asset value when selling.Notes:All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest.  









Precious Metals and Mining Fund (VGPMX)






Overview  

 Overview 
 Performance 
 Portfolio 
 Price & Distributions








OPTIONS

as of05/25/2017





Options

Expense ratio
					
Minimum

Investor
0.43%
N/A
About our options  







	 	 
	

Fees

•

Purchase fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor buys shares. This fee is not a sales charge or load because it is paid directly to the fund to offset the costs of trading certain securities. None

•

Redemption fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor sells shares. A redemption fee differs from a back-end load because the money is paid back into the fund. Many funds charge redemption fees only when shares are bought and then sold within a specific period of time, generally in an effort to discourage market-timing and short-term trading. Some brokers also charge their clients redemption fees for the sale of securities. None




KEY FACTS


•
Product type: Equity Precious Metals
				
•


VGPMX inception on 05/23/1984
				



•
$2.5 billion net assets for
VGPMX as of 06/30/2017
				

•
77 holdings as of 06/30/2017
					

•
Benchmarked to the S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining
					


•
Turnover rate (Fiscal year-end  01/31/2017) 28.80%
			
•
CUSIP: 921908208
					









Investment approach


Print PDF



Metals and minerals sector fund.Seeks long-term capital appreciation.Diversified exposure to metals and mining industries, including both precious and common metals or minerals.Fundamental research approach.


Total returns
as of 06/30/2017






View as:








Quarter‑end

Month‑end






as of 06/30/2017













10%50-5-10%     



 
1 year
3 year
5 year
10 year

Since inception
05/23/1984





NAV 
	                        

– 7.84%
– 3.25%
– 6.96%
– 6.11%
4.43%






Benchmark
Spliced Global Custom Metals & Mining Index*
	                        

7.72%
– 5.60%
– 6.10%
– 2.60%
—

Note: Fee adjusted for mutual funds where applicable.
* S&P/Citigroup World Equity Gold Index through June 30, 2005; S&P Global Custom Metals and Mining Index thereafter.
The performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate, so investors' shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data cited.

Quarterly commentary  



Total returns details  






People and process

Firms
M&G Investment Management Limited
Product management
Vanguard Precious Metals and Mining Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in stocks that are broadly representative of the metals and minerals sector. The portfolio typically invests in companies engaged in the mining, processing, marketing, or distribution of gold, silver, platinum, diamonds, or other precious metals and rare minerals. The fund also invests in companies principally engaged in activities related to base and common metals or minerals. Supported by a team of analysts, the portfolio manager employs a fundamental approach focusing on long-term value. Assets are concentrated in the top ten holdings, emphasizing large, stable, and diversified companies. The fund is broadly diversified across geographies and subsectors. The fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in non-U.S. companies and may place up to 20% of its assets directly in gold, silver, or other precious-metal bullion and coins.
Firm and manager details  




Regional exposure
as of 06/30/2017
                





 
Region

 VGPMX


Benchmark
S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining Index
+/- Weight


Europe
14.0%
25.5%
– 11.5%

Pacific
5.3%
21.7%
– 16.4%

Emerging Markets
3.1%
12.5%
– 9.4%

North America
74.7%
39.2%
35.5%

Other
2.9%
1.1%
1.8%

0%75%
Total
100.0%
100.0%
 





Top 10 countries
as of 06/30/2017
			     




Country
Region
VGPMX

Benchmark
S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining Index
+/- Weight

Canada
North America
65.1%
29.6%
35.5%
United Kingdom
Europe
13.5%
22.9%
– 9.4%
United States
North America
9.6%
9.6%
0.0%
Australia
Pacific
5.3%
18.2%
– 12.9%
Other
Other
2.9%
1.1%
1.8%
South Africa
Emerging Markets
1.2%
3.3%
– 2.1%
Peru
Emerging Markets
1.0%
1.4%
– 0.4%
Mexico
Emerging Markets
0.9%
1.7%
– 0.8%
Sweden
Europe
0.5%
1.0%
– 0.5%


Top 10 equals

100.0%

of stock

Country diversification details  





Top subsectors
as of 06/30/2017
					






Subindustry
VGPMX

Benchmark
S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining Index
+/- Weight

Gold
67.7%
38.4%
29.3%
Precious Metals & Minerals
9.0%
4.9%
4.1%
Diversified Metals & Mining
7.6%
42.1%
– 34.5%
Silver
7.0%
4.6%
2.4%
Copper
6.3%
6.0%
0.3%
Consumer Staples
2.0%
0.0%
2.0%
Other
0.4%
0.0%
0.4%
Aluminum
0.0%
4.0%
– 4.0%


Top sectors equal

100.0%

of stock

Sector categories are based on the Global Industry Classification Standard, except for the "Other" category (if applicable), which includes securities that have not been provided a Global Industry Classification Standard as of the effective reporting period.

Subsector weightings  







Top 10 holdings as of 06/30/2017



Rank
Holding

1
Franco-Nevada Corp.
2
Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd.
3
Newmont Mining Corp.
4
B2Gold Corp.
5
Randgold Resources Ltd.
6
Hochschild Mining plc
7
Nevsun Resources Ltd.
8
Endeavour Mining Corp.
9
Alamos Gold Inc.
10
Kinross Gold Corp.


Top 10 equals 41.3% of net assets


Portfolio holdings may exclude any temporary cash investments and equity index products.


Holdings policy for this fund  



Holding details  







Fundamentals




Stock –
						as of 06/30/2017
						
VGPMX

Benchmark
S&P Global Custom Metals & Mining Index


Number of stocks
77
231


Avg market cap
$50.3 billion
$26.8 billion


Median market cap
$69.0 billion
$11.3 billion


P/E ratio
31.2x
19.6x


P/B ratio
1.6x
1.4x


Turnover rate
28.8% Fiscal year end 1/2017
N/A






Fundamentals details  









Risk and volatility
as of 06/30/2017
				





 
VGPMX

Benchmark
Spliced Global Custom Metals & Mining Index


R-squared
N/A
0.92


Beta
N/A
1.03


Alpha
0.27
N/A


Standard deviation
35.58%
33.16%


Sharpe ratio
– 0.10
– 0.17

Risk and volatility are based on the share class with the earliest inception date.
Risk measures are calculated from trailing 36-month fund returns relative to the associated benchmarks.
An investment in the fund could lose money over short or even long periods. You should expect the fund’s share price and total return to fluctuate within a wide range, like the fluctuations of the overall stock market. The fund’s performance could be hurt by:Nondiversification risk: The chance that the fund’s performance may be hurt disproportionately by the poor performance of relatively few stocks or even a single stock. The fund is considered nondiversified, which means that it may invest a greater percentage of its assets in the securities of particular issuers as compared with other mutual funds. Because the fund tends to invest a high percentage of assets in its ten largest holdings, nondiversification risk is very high for the fund.Industry concentration risk: The chance that there will be overall problems affecting a particular industry. Because the fund normally invests at least 80% of its assets in one industry, the fund’s performance largely depends—for better or for worse—on the overall condition of this industry.Stock market risk: The chance that stock prices overall will decline. Stock markets tend to move in cycles, with periods of rising stock prices and periods of falling stock prices.Investment style risk: The chance that returns from small- and mid-capitalization stocks will trail returns from the overall stock market. Historically, small- and mid-cap stocks have been more volatile in price than the large-cap stocks that dominate the overall market, and they often perform quite differently. Small and mid-size companies tend to have greater stock volatility because, among other things, these companies are more sensitive to changing economic conditions.Manager risk: The chance that poor security selection will cause the fund to underperform relevant benchmarks or other funds with a similar investment objective.Country/regional risk: The chance that world events—such as political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters—will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions. Because the fund may invest a large portion of its assets in securities of companies located in any one country or region, its performance may be hurt disproportionately by the poor performance of its investments in that area. Country/regional risk is especially high in emerging markets.Currency risk: The chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in U.S. dollars, will decrease because of unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates.



Risk and volatility details  

















MORE ON INVESTMENTS


Money Market Reform



















LITERATURE
Fact sheet (06/30/2017)

Investment profile (06/30/2017)  

Summary prospectus

Investment commentary (06/30/2017)  


Statutory prospectus

Annual report (01/31/2017)

Semiannual report (07/31/2016)

Statement of additional information
More





TOOLS
Custom investment reporting


My investment list  











Also of interest

07/12/2017 | PDFAn analysis of dividend-oriented equity strategies


07/06/2017 | ArticleAn inside look at Vanguard's Investment Management Group


05/26/2017 | Article2016–2017 expense ratio update cycle concludes






SUBSCRIBE TO INSIGHTS

  Research, commentary & news delivered directly to your inbox



























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Global Investors - What's Driving Gold?


























What’s Driving Gold Today?





Cause
Effects
Possible Ramifications



Low or Negative Interest Rates
When real interest rates are low (or negative), investors turn away from paper assets with declining value and turn toward assets with real value, like gold. 
More Demand for Gold
Higher Gold Prices


Central Bank Policy
For the past several years, central banks around the world have switched from being net sellers to net buyers of gold.
Gold Viewed as Currency
Higher Gold Prices


Growth in World Money Supply
Central banks around the world are focused on stimulative monetary policies to encourage growth.
Declining Confidence in Paper Money
Higher Gold Prices


Lack of New Discoveries in Gold Mines
Gold miners have experienced increased labor costs and taxes, resulting in a higher replacement cost per ounce of gold.
Stagnant Production and Reduced Supply
Higher Gold Prices


China and India “Chindia” Have Strong Cultural Affinity for Gold
Growing middle classes in the world’s most populous countries fuel gold buying for weddings and seasonal gifts.
Increased Spending Power Correlated with Gold Buying 
Higher Gold Prices


There is no guarantee that factors described above will result in higher gold prices.

Show me how to open an account







See how the World Precious Minerals Fund (UNWPX) has been outshining its benchmark.




Show me how to open an account










Performance always matters
The World Precious Minerals Fund gives investors increased exposure to “junior” and “intermediate” mining companies that explore new mine deposits around the world for added growth potential.





 World Precious Minerals Fund




Overall/70






3-Year/70






5-Year/66



10-Year/45



Morningstar ratings based on risk-adjusted return and number of funds
                Category: Equity Precious Metals
                Through: June 30, 2017
Show me how to open an account







Total Annualized Returns as of 06/30/2017



One-Year
Five-Year
Ten-Year
Gross Expense Ratio


World Precious Minerals Fund (UNWPX)
-19.09%
-8.55%
-5.98%
2.10%


NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index
-19.61%
-11.99%
-4.09%
n/a



Expense ratios as stated in the most recent prospectus. The Adviser of the World Precious Minerals Fund has voluntarily limited total fund operating expenses (exclusive of acquired fund fees and expenses of 0.11%, extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage commissions and interest, and advisory fee performance adjustments) to not exceed 1.90%. With the voluntary expense waiver amount of 0.04%, total annual expenses after reimbursement were 1.95%. U.S. Global Investors, Inc. can modify or terminate the voluntary limit at any time, which may lower a fund’s yield or return.

Performance data quoted above is historical. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Results reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings. For a portion of periods, the fund had expense limitations, without which returns would have been lower. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted. The principal value and investment return of an investment will fluctuate so that your shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance does not include the effect of any direct fees described in the fund’s prospectus which, if applicable, would lower your total returns. Performance quoted for periods of one year or less is cumulative and not annualized. Obtain performance data current to the most recent month-end at www.usfunds.com or 1-800-US-FUNDS. 
Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by visiting www.usfunds.com or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser.
Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Diversification does not protect an investor from market risks and does not assure a profit.
The NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index is a modified market capitalization weighted index comprised of publicly traded companies involved primarily in the mining for gold and silver.  The index benchmark value was 500.0 at the close of trading on December 20, 2002.
        
Morningstar Ratings are based on risk-adjusted return. The Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Past performance does not guarantee future results. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Ratingä based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) 
























Frank Talk, a CEO Blog by Frank Holmes - U.S. Global Investors































  















U.S. Global Investors
U.S. Global Investors



Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn



Larger Text
Smaller Text
Reset


Home
Press Center
Sitemap
Contact Us













Open A New Account




About Us

Our Team
Career Opportunities
Investor Relations
Our Investment Process
Our Causes
Contact Us
Connect With Us
 
Mutual Funds

Our Mutual Funds
Fund Performance
Prospectus
 
ETFs
Investor Library

Frank Talk
Investor Alert
Webcasts
Publications
Videos
Interactive Favorites
 
Advisors
Investing With Us

How to Invest
Prospectus
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Tax Help Center
Contact a Service Representative
 
Access My Account






Be informed of the market’s most important moves when you read the Investor Alert. Read it now
Subscribe to Investor Alert now

Frank Talk, a CEO Blog by Frank Holmes







 
Home » Investor Library » Frank Talk




Share this page with your friends:
Print







Email












All
Airline Industry
China, India & Asia
Economy & Markets
Emerging Europe
Emerging Markets
Energy & Natural Resources
Gold
Infrastructure
Odds & Ends




Please note: The Frank Talk articles listed below contain historical material. The data provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in these presentations, please visit the appropriate fund performance page.


“Mother of All Bubbles” Keeps Gold in Focus
July 24, 2017

Today I want to discuss reports that global debt levels are at all-time highs, and what this means for your investment decisions going forward.
But first, a few comments about last week. I recently returned from the Oxford Club’s Private Wealth Seminar, held at the historic Grand Hotel on Michigan’s Mackinac Island. The hotel, which some of you might remember as the setting for the 1980 film “Somewhere in Time,” starring Christopher Reeve and Jane Seymour, took a mere 93 days to build in the 1880s—impossible by today’s standards, especially when you consider that it boasts the world’s largest front porch at 660 feet.
While there, I had the privilege of catching up with some old friends and contacts, including Alex Green, the Oxford Club’s chief investment strategist. You might have read some of his wonderful work for Investment U, the group’s educational arm.
Alex reminded me over lunch that the difference between Democrats and Republicans, in his view, is that Democrats are for personal freedom and some economic restrictions, while Republicans are for economic freedom and some personal restrictions.
I prefer to focus on policies instead of partisan politics, but Alex has a point. I’m convinced that Donald Trump, a Republican, won the presidential election because his pledge to reform the tax code and deregulate resonated with both white-collar and blue-collar Americans who felt as if the U.S. economy was no longer working for them. U.S. corporate taxes are among the highest in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), spurring large multinationals to move operations overseas, and out-of-control regulations threaten to strangle business growth.
But just as Green insinuated, the Trump administration has enacted, or has hinted at enacting, policies that rankle Americans of all political stripes, precisely because they could be used to encroach upon personal liberties.
Take Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ recent decision to strengthen the government’s ability to seize private property from suspected criminals. (The operative word here is “suspected.”) Many now are arguing this directive could be abused by police and other officials. It could, in fact, violate the Fourth Amendment, which of course protects Americans against “unreasonable searches and seizures.”
This is just one among numerous policy-making decisions that have members of both political parties, as well as independents, scratching their heads. Trump was elected to reform taxes, slash regulations and generally make business and capital formation run more smoothly. It’s unclear how private-asset seizures fit into that picture.
If this administration resolved to stay on message and on course, and worked to bring fiscal relief to everyday Americans, it might receive greater support from those who voted for Trump—and perhaps even from those who didn’t.
U.S. Dollar in Bear Market, a Boon for Gold
Since the start of the year, the five-year Treasury yield, adjusted for inflation, has risen about 150 percent. Normally this would put remarkable pressure on the price of gold—higher yields raise the opportunity cost of buying gold—but over the same period, the U.S. dollar has steadily weakened and is now officially in a bear market. Because gold is priced in dollars, this has been supportive for prices. Year-to-date, the yellow metal is up more than 8 percent.

click to enlarge
As I said, the greenback’s been on the decline for most of the year so far, but it slumped to a 13-month low against the euro last week following European Central Bank (ECB) president Mario Draghi’s remark that “monetary accommodation” would continue in the European Union (EU) until at least the end of the year.









“We need to be persistent and patient and prudent, because we’re not there yet,” Draghi said, referring to the fact that EU inflation and wage growth have been disappointingly slow, despite the bloc’s economic recovery since the financial crisis. (Indeed, the June purchasing manager’s indexes for emerging European markets were all above the key 50 mark for the first time in recent memory.)
UBS: We’re Still Constructive on Gold
That gold is still holding at its current level—despite rising rates, despite a stock market that continues to rally—is “encouraging.”
That’s one of the key takeaways from a UBS note last week, in which the Swiss financial services firm maintains its constructive view of the yellow metal. Investor demand this year has been slower than expected, but UBS analyst Joni Teves makes the case that expectations of a good monsoon season in India this summer could help push consumption in the world’s second-largest importer of gold to a new record high by the end of the year. With India having imported a phenomenal 525 metric tons in the first half of 2017 alone, Teves writes that “we expect gold demand in India this year to be around historic averages,” which would be very supportive for prices.
ETPs Attracted a Record $245 Billion in the First Half of 2017
Like gold in India, exchange-traded products (ETPs) also had a knockout first half. As Deutsche Bank reports, ETPs attracted a record $245 billion in the first six months of 2017, in what has historically been the weaker half of the year. To put into perspective just how impressive this figure is, $245 billion would be the second-largest full-year record amount following 2016’s $283 billion. We could see ETP inflows climb as high as $500 billion by the end of this year, Deutsche estimates.

click to enlarge
Of course, runaway demand for ETPs and other risk assets has contributed to muted interest in gold.
Having said that, though, BullionVault—the world’s number one online precious metals market—reported recently that private gold holdings among its users leaped to a record 38 metric tons, as of the beginning of July. That’s enough gold to make more than 10 million 18-carat wedding rings, BullionVault says, or to supply the microchips for 1.5 billion iPhones. The site points out that investor demand has lately been driven by lower prices, following three months of “light liquidation.”
Global Debt on Alert
All of what I’ve said so far pertains to the near-term. Gold’s medium- to long-term investment case, I believe, looks even brighter. Many unsettling risks loom on the horizon—not least of which is a record amount of global debt—that could potentially spell trouble for the investor who hasn’t adequately prepared with some allocation in a “safe haven.”
According to the highly-respected Institute of International Finance (IIF), global debt levels reached an astronomical $217 trillion in the first quarter of 2017—that’s 327 percent of world gross domestic product (GDP). Notice that before the financial crisis, global debt was “only” around $150 trillion, meaning we’ve added close to $120 trillion in as little as a decade. Much of the leveraging occurred in emerging markets, specifically China, which is spending big on international infrastructure projects.

click to enlarge
It goes without saying that this is a huge risk. Some are calling this mountain of debt “the mother of all bubbles,” and we all remember how the last two bubbles ended, in 2000 (the tech or dotcom bubble) and 2007 (the housing bubble).
Paying down this debt will not be easy. As Scotiabank mentioned in a note last week: “Higher interest rates are going to make the burden of refinancing the debt considerably heavier, and as more money goes into servicing the debt, it means less money is available to spend on other things, which could lead to less infrastructure spending and increased austerity.”
Add to this the fact that global pension levels are also sharply on the rise, with people living longer and population growth—and therefore workforce growth—slowing in many advanced economies. In May, the World Economic Forum (WEF) estimated that by 2050, the size of the retirement savings gap—unfunded pensions, in other words—could be as much as $400 trillion, an unimaginably large number.
The U.S. alone adds about $3 trillion every year to the pension deficit. I shared with you earlier in the month that the State of Illinois’s unfunded pensions could be as high as $250 billion, putting each Illinoisan on the hook for $56,000.
Central banks’ efforts to promote economic growth through monetary easing haven’t exactly been a raging success, nor can they continue forever. Plus, near-zero interest rates are precisely what encouraged such inflated levels of borrowing in the first place.
You can probably tell where I’m headed with all of this. Another crisis could be in the works. Savvy investors and savers might very well see this as a sign to allocate a part of their portfolios in “safe haven” assets that have historically held their value in times of economic contraction.
Gold is one such asset that’s been a good store of value in such times, and gold stocks have tended to outperform the yellow metal as production costs have fallen, according to Seabridge Gold. I always recommend a 10 percent weighting in gold—5 percent in bars and coins; 5 percent in gold stocks, mutual funds or ETFs.
Explore investment opportunities in gold and precious metals and mining!
 
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor. By clicking the link(s) above, you will be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
The Purchasing Manager’s Index is an indicator of the economic health of the manufacturing sector. The PMI index is based on five major indicators: new orders, inventory levels, production, supplier deliveries and the employment environment.
Holdings may change daily. Holdings are reported as of the most recent quarter-end. The following securities mentioned in the commentary were held by one or more accounts managed by U.S. Global Investors as of 6/30/2017: Seabridge Gold.


Share ““Mother of All Bubbles” Keeps Gold in Focus”






Email




How to Get a Better Bargain on Your Investment with Emerging Europe
July 20, 2017

American equities have been a good place to invest during the current bull market, now in its eighth year. Since the November election, the S&P 500 Index has surged close to 16 percent. But this means that valuations continue to creep up, and political risk threatens to derail further gains as President Donald Trump’s high-growth agenda stumbles on even more roadblocks.
Investors might therefore be looking for an alternative. I believe one of the most attractive destinations for your investment dollars right now is emerging European countries. Below you can see a valuation comparison between U.S. and emerging European equities. Trading at 9.2 times earnings, the latter are offering quite a bargain for investors seeking a “better bang for the buck.”

click to enlarge
More than that, though, “core” Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) countries—including Poland, the Czech Republic, Romania and Hungary—are currently among the fastest growing in the world. In a recent series on the region, the Financial Times put it succinctly: “The former communist countries that have joined the European Union (EU) since 2004 offer superior growth to western Europe and many other emerging markets, combined with the benefits and protections of EU membership.”
Expectations for economic growth in CEE countries have changed rapidly and positively. The consensus forecast is now 2.5 percent growth this year, 0.3 percent points higher than expectations near the beginning of the year.
Next year could be even brighter, with analysts expecting 2.6 percent growth, 0.1 percentage point higher than earlier forecasts. Stronger-than-expected external demand in Western Europe, a tighter labor market, an attractive environment for foreign investment, government stimulus measures, easy financing conditions and the revival of EU structural funds are all supporting stronger growth in the region.
Manufacturing Continues to Strengthen
Loyal readers of Frank Talk know that we closely follow the purchasing manager’s index (PMI), which measures the strength of a country’s manufacturing industry. We’ve found it to be not only a handy gauge of future commodities demand but also a country’s or region’s economic growth potential.  
For the first time in recent memory, most emerging European economies’ PMIs are above the key 50 mark that separates growth from contraction. Greece rose from 49.6 in May to 50.5 in June, the first time its manufacturing sector was in expansion mode in nearly a year.

click to enlarge
Russia grew at a much slower pace in June, however, with its PMI falling to 50.3, just above the threshold. But as I shared with you this week, Capital Economics analysts believe Russian growth in the coming quarters “will be stronger than most anticipate,” with the Central Bank of Russia loosening monetary policy even further.
The fact that all CEE countries are above 50 points to synchronized growth. It also suggests that the worst of the region’s economic woes following the global recession might finally be in the rearview mirror.
Poland the Next “Economic Powerhouse”?
Writing recently for the New York Times’ opinions section, Ruchier Sharma, Morgan Stanley Investment Management’s chief global strategist, singled out Poland as the world’s likeliest next advanced economy, following South Korea’s entry into the high-income club 20 years ago.
I have to agree. As Sharma points out, Poland has seen average annual growth of 4 percent since 1991, the year it transitioned from communism to democracy. During that period, it hasn’t had a single down year, amazingly enough.
The Polish economy continued to grow at an annual rate of nearly 4 percent in the second quarter, as suggested by the May retail sales and industrial output data. According to mBank analysts, fiscal-year growth will slightly exceed 4 percent, driven by public investments recovery and persistently strong consumption. The real retail sales growth in the second quarter held close to the prior-quarter level, which means that consumption growth should remain at around 5 percent, mBank estimates.
Poland’s impressive ascent should only help strengthen other CEE countries, both economically and politically. Its president, Andrzej Duda, seems fully aware of this and has taken several important strides to improve not just Poland’s economy but the region’s as well. The Three Seas Initiative, spearheaded last year by Duda and Croatian president Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovi?, seeks to connect the economies and infrastructure of 12 CEE countries between the Adriatic, Baltic and Black Seas. A number of EU officials see the Initiative as a threat to the EU bloc’s unity, which might be partially why President Trump agreed to meet with Initiative members when he visited Poland last month.

Stocks on the Rise
Also contributing to CEE growth right now is the steadily weakening U.S. dollar, as Reuters reports. Prague stocks rose to a seven-week high this week, while Hungary’s Budapest Stock Exchange Index (BUX) continues to hit new all-time highs.

click to enlarge
Speaking of Hungary, its government is considering whether to lower personal income taxes to 10 percent from the current 15 percent. This would be a major boost to Hungarians’ disposable income, which is already rising at a breathtaking pace. Wage growth in April was an amazing 14.6 percent.
Again, the CEE region looks more and more like a good place to invest, not least of which because of its attractive discount to American equities.
Explore investment opportunities in emerging Europe!
 
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor. By clicking the link(s) above, you will be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
The Purchasing Manager’s Index is an indicator of the economic health of the manufacturing sector. The PMI index is based on five major indicators: new orders, inventory levels, production, supplier deliveries and the employment environment.
The S&P 500 Stock Index is a widely recognized capitalization-weighted index of 500 common stock prices in U.S. companies.
The MSCI Emerging Markets Europe Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the emerging markets countries of Europe (Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Russia, and Turkey).
The Budapest Stock Exchange Index is a capitalization-weightedindex adjusted for free float. The index tracks the daily price only performance of large, actively traded shares on the Budapest Stock Exchange.


Share “How to Get a Better Bargain on Your Investment with Emerging Europe”






Email




Russia Collusion Story: A Big “Nothing Burger” or a Case for Gold?
July 17, 2017

Gold got a boost Friday on weaker-than-expected inflation and retail sales figures, casting doubt on the Federal Reserve’s ability to continue normalizing interest rates this year.
Consumer prices rose slightly in June, at their slowest pace so far this year. The consumer price index (CPI), released on Friday, showed the cost of living in America rising only 1.6 percent compared to the same month last year, significantly down from the most recent high of 2.8 percent in February and below the Fed’s target of 2 percent. Much of the decline was due to energy prices, which fell 1.6 percent from May.

click to enlarge
As I’ve explained elsewhere, CPI is an important economic indicator for gold investors to track. The yellow metal has historically responded positively when inflation rises—and especially when it pushes the yield on a government bond into negative territory. Why lock your money up in a 2-year or 5-year Treasury that’s guaranteed to give you a negative yield?









But right now the gold Fear Trade is being supported by what some are calling turmoil in the Trump administration. Last week the Russia collusion story took a new twist, with emails surfacing showing that Donald Trump Jr.; Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and now-senior advisor; and former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort all agreed to meet with a Russian lawyer last summer under the pretext that she had dirt on Hillary Clinton.
Whether or not this meeting is “collusion” is not for me to say, but the optics of it certainly look bad, and it threatens to undermine the president’s agenda even more. For the first time last week, an article of impeachment was formally introduced on the House floor that accuses Trump of obstructing justice. The article is unlikely to go very far in the Republican-controlled House, but it adds further uncertainty to Trump’s ability to achieve some of his goals, including tax reform and infrastructure spending. I’ll have more to say on this later
A Contrarian View of China
A new report from CLSA shows that Asian markets and Europe were the top performers during the first six months of the year. Korea took the top spot, surging more than 25 percent, followed closely by China.

click to enlarge
Despite persistent negative “news” about China in the mainstream media, conditions in the world’s second-largest economy are improving. Consumption is up and household income remains strong. The number of high net worth individuals (HNWIs) in China—those with at least 10 million renminbi ($1.5 million) in investable income—rose to 1.6 million last year, about nine times the number only 10 years ago. It’s estimated we could see as many as 1.87 million Chinese HNWIs by the end of 2017.
According to CLSA, global trade is robust, with emerging markets, and particularly China, driving most of the acceleration this year. In the first three months of 2017, global trade grew 4 percent compared to the same period last year, its fastest pace since 2011.
“Indeed the early months of 2017 have seen China become easily the biggest single country driver of Asian trade growth,” writes Eric Fishwick, head of economic research at CLSA.
A lot of this growth can be attributed to Beijing’s monumental One Belt, One Road infrastructure project, which I’ve highlighted many times before. But according to Alexious Lee, CLSA’s head of China industrial research, a “more nationalist America” in the first six months of the year has likely given China more leverage to assume “a larger global, and especially regional, leadership role.”
This comports with what I said back in January, in a Frank Talk titled “China Sets the Stage to Replace the U.S. as Global Trade Leader.” With President Donald Trump having already withdrawn the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and promising to renegotiate or tear up other trade agreements—he recently tweeted that the U.S. has “made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history”—China has emerged, amazingly, as a champion of free trade, a position of power it will likely continue to capitalize on.
The country’s overseas construction orders have continued to expand, with agreements signed since 2013 valued at more than $600 billion.

click to enlarge
Interested in investment opportunities in China and the surrounding region? Click here!  
 
Emerging Europe Expected to Remain Strong
Another recent report, this one from Capital Economics, shows that the investment case for emerging Europe remains strong in 2017. Russia is expected to strengthen over the next 12 months, while Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia are likely to remain attractive.
“Russia’s economy has pulled out of recession and growth in the coming quarters will be stronger than most anticipate,” the research firm writes, adding that its central bank’s loosening of monetary policy should support the recovery even further.
To be sure, the region faces strong headwinds, including a rapidly aging population and the loss of an estimated 20 million skilled workers to foreign markets over the past 25 years, according to a July 11 presentation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
But I believe that as conditions in central emerging Europe countries continue to improve, many of those workers will be returning home. Life in the region is not the same as it was 10 or 20 years ago, when good jobs might have been scarce. Firms are now growing at a healthy rate and hiring more workers. As you can see below, unemployment rates in Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic have been falling steadily since at least 2012 and are now lower than the broader European Union.    

click to enlarge
This strength is reflected in emerging Europe’s capital markets. For the 12-month period as of July 12, Hungary’s Budapest Stock Exchange is up 38 percent. Poland’s WIG20 is up more than 43 percent. Meanwhile, the STOXX Europe 600 Index—which includes some of the largest Western European companies—has made gains of only 17 percent over the same period.
Learn more about investment opportunities in emerging Europe by clicking here!  
 
Markets Still Believe in Trump
As we all know, the mainstream media’s criticism and ire aren’t reserved for China alone. Ninety-nine percent of the media right now is against President Trump, for a number of reasons—some of them deserved, some of them not.
Markets, however, seem not to care what the media or polls have to say. The Dow Jones Industrial Average continues to hit new all-time highs. Even though it’s stalled a few times, the “Trump rally” appears to be in full-speed-ahead mode, more than eight months after the election.
Back in November, I wrote about one of my favorite books, James Surowiecki’s The Wisdom of Crowds, which argues that large groups of people will nearly always be smarter and better at making predictions than an “elite” few. Surowiecki’s ideas were vindicated last year when investors accurately predicted Trump’s election, with markets turning negative between July 31 and October 31.
For the same reason, I think it’s important we pay close attention to what markets are forecasting today.
The White House is under siege on multiple fronts, which, as I said, has been positive for gold’s Fear Trade. But equity investors also seem to like the direction Trump is taking, whether it’s pushing for tax reform and deregulation or shaking up the “beltway party,” composed of deeply entrenched D.C. lobbyists and career bureaucrats. Just last week, the president made waves for firing a number of bureaucrats at the Department of Veteran Affairs (VA), long plagued by scandal and controversy. Since he took office in January, Trump has told more than 500 VA workers “You’re fired!”   
The Fundamentals of “Quantamental”
Of course, we look at so much more than government policy when making investment decisions. We take a blended approach of not only assessing fundamentals such as market share and returns on capital but also conducting quantitative analysis.
It’s this combination that some in the industry are calling “quantamental” investing. At first glance, “quantamental” might sound like nothing more than cute wordplay—not unlike “labsky,” “bullmation” and other clever names we give mixed-breed dogs—but it’s rapidly replacing traditional investment strategies at the institutional level.
Business Insider puts it in simple terms: “Quantamental managers combine the bottom-up stock-picking skills of fundamental investors with the use of computing power and big-data sets to test their hypotheses.”
See my Vancouver Investment Conference presentation, “What’s Driving Gold: The Invasion of the Quants,” to learn more about how we use quantitative analysis, machine learning and data mining.
Wall Street: The Birthplace of American Capitalism and Government

The concept of quantamentals helps explain our entry into smart-factor ETFs. As most of you already know, members of my team and I visited the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) three weeks ago to mark the launch of our latest ETF.
While there, Doug Yones, head of exchange-traded products at the NYSE, gave us a short history lesson about the exchange and surrounding area.
Most investors are aware that the NYSE, which is celebrating its 225th anniversary this year, is the epicenter of capitalism—not just in the U.S. but also globally.

What many people might not realize is that on the site where the exchange now stands, Alexander Hamilton, the first U.S. treasury secretary, floated bonds to replace the debt the nascent country had incurred during the Revolutionary War.
Right next door to the NYSE is Federal Hall, where George Washington took his first oath of office in April 1789. The building today serves as a museum and memorial to the first U.S. president, whose statue now looks out over Wall Street and its passersby.
In this one single block of Wall Street, therefore, American capitalism and government were born. Here you can find the essential DNA of the American experiment, which, over the many years, has fostered our entrepreneurial spirit to form capital and to create new businesses and jobs. Growth, innovation and competition run through our veins, and that’s largely because of the events that unfolded centuries ago at the NYSE and Federal Hall.
For more insight and commentary like this, subscribe to my award-winning CEO blog, Frank Talk.
 
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor. By clicking the link(s) above, you will be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
The Consumer Price Index (CPI) is one of the most widely recognized price measures for tracking the price of a market basket of goods and services purchased by individuals.  The weights of components are based on consumer spending patterns.
The Budapest Stock Exchange Index is a capitalization-weighted index adjusted for free float. The index tracks the daily price-only performance of large, actively traded shares on the Budapest Stock Exchange. The WIG20 Index is a modified capitalization-weighted index of 20 Polish stocks which are listed on the main market. The STOXX Europe 600 Index is derived from the STOXX Europe Total Market Index (TMI) and is a subset of the STOXX Global 1800 Index. With a fixed number of 600 components, the STOXX Europe 600 Index represents large, mid and small capitalization companies across 18 countries of the European region: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 blue chip stocks that are generally leaders in their industry.


Share “Russia Collusion Story: A Big “Nothing Burger” or a Case for Gold?”






Email




Commodities Halftime Report: Separating the Wheat from the Chaff
July 10, 2017

Of the 14 commodities we track closely at U.S. Global Investors, wheat rose to take the top spot for the first half of 2017, returning more than 25 percent. The grain was followed closely by palladium—used primarily in the production of catalytic converters—which gained 24 percent.

click to enlarge
To view our ever-popular, interactive Periodic Table of Commodity Returns, click here.
Between the start of the year and June 30, the Bloomberg Commodity Index contracted 4.03 percent, with energy weighing down on the mostly strong performances of precious and industrial metals and agriculturals.
Contributing to metals’ gains was U.S. dollar weakness. During the first six months, the greenback lost 7.54 percent, responding partially to President Donald Trump’s comment in April that the dollar was “getting too strong.”
More recently, the president tweeted his thoughts on gas prices, which he pointed out were “the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years” for the July Fourth holiday. “I would like to see them go even lower,” he added.
Trump Goes to Warsaw
Speaking of Trump, I feel as if he has represented the U.S. and its values admirably during his visit to Europe last week. His speech in Warsaw sought to strengthen ties between America and Poland, which the New York Times just named the “next economic powerhouse.”

Trump drew attention to a danger that’s “invisible” yet every bit as dangerous as terrorism and extremism—namely, “the steady creep of government bureaucracy that drains the vitality and wealth of the people.”
The U.S. and Poland “became great not because of paperwork and regulations,” the president said, “but because people were allowed to chase their dreams and pursue their destinies.”
This is the Trump I believe voters elected last November. If he were only able to stay on message and give his Twitter account a rest, he might more easily help engender and inspire an environment that better reflects the vision he described to his Polish audience.
I’m also encouraged by his first one-on-one meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin. From what I’ve read, it sounds as if the two leaders managed to make some progress on Syria, with both sides agreeing to cooperate in maintaining “safe zones.”
Oil Embroiled
Regarding lower gas prices, Trump just might get his wish. Having fallen 14.30 percent in the first six months, oil is currently underperforming its price action of the past four years.

click to enlarge
Much of the thanks for oil’s slump goes to U.S. shale producers, which were quick to reactivate dormant rigs following the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries’ (OPEC) December announcement that it would be cutting production. As a result, the market is awash in black gold. In May, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) estimated that domestic output should average 9.3 million barrels a day this year and nearly 10 million in 2018, a level unseen in the U.S. since 1970.
West Texas Intermediate (WTI) popped above $47 a barrel last week, however, on news that oil and gas inventories in the U.S. dropped sharply the previous week. What’s more, the number of active North American oil rigs fell by two in the week ended June 30, from 758 to 756 rigs, the first such contraction since January, according to the Baker Hughes Rig Count.
Although constructive, there’s still quite a bit of terrain to cover before oil reaches the low- to mid-$50s we saw at the start of the year.
Where’s the Wheat?
As I told you back in May, the U.S. reclaimed its longstanding title as the world’s number one wheat exporter this year, displacing Russia, whose weak currency gave the Eastern European country a competitive advantage.
We might soon slip to second place yet again, for two primary reasons: 1) low U.S. wheat plantings and 2) severe droughts and unexpectedly hot weather conditions in the Northern Plains.
According to a March report from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), American farmers just aren’t planting wheat like they used to. Not only are we seeing shrinkage in the acreage devoted to the amber grain—more and more farmers are switching to soybeans—but wheat seedings are down for a second straight year. The USDA, in fact, estimates them to be at their lowest level ever since records began nearly 100 years ago in 1919.
As to the second point, severe to extreme hot and dry weather conditions in the Northern Plains—specifically in areas of Montana and the Dakotas—are putting wheat (and corn) on the defensive. According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, parts of Montana just experienced their driest May and June in 99 years and the driest January through June since 1983. Last week alone, temperatures in the region surged into the 90s and 100s, about 15 to 20 degrees above the norm. These conditions are expected to persist for several more weeks.

click to enlarge
Supply constraints have pushed the grain up 25 percent so far this year to a nearly two-year high. A bushel now costs a little over $5, but some analysts see it rising above $6 and $7.
Precious Metals Continue to Shine
Also benefiting from limited supply is silver, which climbed nearly 4.5 percent as of June 30. The Silver Institute reported in May that global silver mine production in 2016 declined for the first time in 14 years on lower-than-expected output from lead, zinc and gold projects. World supply decreased 0.6 percent year-over-year, or about 32.6 million ounces.
Meanwhile, silver’s use in solar photovoltaic (PV) cells hit a new record high last year, further boosting demand. As I shared with you in May, solar ranked as the number one source of new electric generating capacity in the U.S. in 2016, followed by natural gas and wind.
In the first half of 2017, palladium, the silvery-white metal used in the production of catalytic converters, has surged to a 16-year high on speculative demand.

click to enlarge
At first blush, this trade might seem counterintuitive. After all, gas-powered vehicles, which use catalytic converters to control emissions, are expected to be surpassed in sales by electric vehicles, which do not require palladium, as early as 2040. Volvo just announced that it would completely phase out gas-only vehicles by 2019. Meanwhile, Tesla’s first mass-market battery electric vehicle (BEV) finally hit production last week.
Driving palladium’s rally this year, though, are bets that European car buyers will soon be switching from diesel-burning to gas-burning cars because of emissions concerns.









Palladium—one of the rarest elements on earth and mined almost exclusively in Russia and South Africa—is the smallest precious metals market, making its prices particularly vulnerable to such speculative trading. It’s achieved near-price parity with its sister metal, platinum, for the first time in two decades.  
On the other end of the spectrum is gold, whose market is larger than many major global stock and bond markets. Those include U.K. gilts, German bunds, the FTSE 100 Index, the Hang Seng Index and others.
Up 7.75 percent in the first six months, gold was supported largely by strong demand in India as consumers made their purchases ahead of the government’s Goods and Services Tax (GST), in effect since July 1, which levies a 3 percent tax on gold.
The impact of the country’s demonetization in December is also still being felt, with Indians’ confidence in fiat currencies tested. I believe Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s scheme to combat black money and public corruption, while admirable, has only reinforced Indians’ faith in the yellow metal as a store of value.
With consumer prices in the U.S. possibly set to begin rising on President Trump’s more protectionist policies—once he can get them enacted—gold priced in dollars could also be headed higher.
The Road Ahead
There’s a lot we’ll be keeping our eyes on in the second half of the year. For one, look to India’s upcoming Diwali holiday and fourth-quarter wedding season, during which gold gift-giving is considered auspicious.
Earlier in the year, I was excited about Trump’s ambitious infrastructure agenda, which would have greatly boosted domestic demand for base metals and energy. But with the Senate still locked in negotiations over what to do about Obamacare, an infrastructure deal looks as if it’s months if not years away.
Finally, I think with Tesla firing up its Nevada-based Gigafactory, investors would be prudent to keep their eyes on aluminum, cobalt, nickel and especially copper, as electric vehicles use around three times as much of the red metal as conventional vehicles. Lithium, which I featured back in March, is also expected to be a beneficiary of the move to BEVs.
 
Explore investment opportunities in commodities and natural resources!  
 
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor. By clicking the link(s) above, you will be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
The Bloomberg Commodity Index is made up of 22 exchange-traded futures on physical commodities. The index represents 20 commodities, which are weighted to account for economic significance and market liquidity.
	The FTSE 100 Index is an index of the 100 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange with the highest market capitalization.
The Hang Seng Index is a capitalization-weighted index of 33 companies that represent approximately 70 percent of the total market capitalization of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.
The Baker Hughes North American rig count is released weekly at noon central time on the last day of the work week. 
Holdings may change daily. Holdings are reported as of the most recent quarter-end. None of the securities mentioned in the article were held by any accounts managed by U.S. Global Investors as of 3/31/2017.


Share “Commodities Halftime Report: Separating the Wheat from the Chaff”






Email




Investor Beware! What Does the Illinois Budget Crisis Mean for Your Bond Fund?
July 6, 2017

A recent Capital Economics (CE) report shines an unforgiving light on Illinois’ ongoing budget woes—and what it finds isn’t pretty. The crisis, which has affected every level of government in the state, is a cautionary tale for not only public spending run amok but also independent investors taking too large of a risk by seeking high yields.
The Land of Lincoln’s credit is already the lowest-rated in the union and, until recently, its debt came precariously close to being downgraded to “junk.” Were this to happen, it would become the first state ever to receive such an ignoble rating.
The state’s 10-year bond yield has soared in recent months, which might attract certain unwary speculators. It’s our belief, however, that such debt should generally be avoided, as the risks are especially high.

click to enlarge
As I write this, a state budget could possibly be successfully negotiated, making it the first time in over two years that Illinois has operated with a budget. Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner already vetoed the first bill that reached his desk, which includes tax hikes, but the veto was immediately overridden by the State Senate and is now headed for the House.
No matter the outcome, the point here is that political dysfunction is unfavorable—to put it lightly—and muni investors should remain cautious.
Illinois isn’t the only state facing problems. Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island and Wisconsin are all (or were) mired in similar budgetary impasses. New Jersey public beaches reopened just in time for July 4 celebrations after a high-profile government shutdown closed them down.
For many muni investors, navigating around these numerous pitfalls might seem overwhelming. That’s why I believe an actively-managed municipal bond fund such as our Near-Term Tax Free Fund (NEARX) could be the solution.
More than 95 percent of NEARX is invested in munis that hold between an A and AAA investment-grade rating as of March 31. What this means is we’ve historically avoided exposure to debt issued by poorly-managed municipalities.
We also like to stay on the short end of the yield curve, especially now that the Federal Reserve has begun a new interest rate cycle. When rates rise, bond prices fall, and short- and intermediate-term munis are less sensitive to rate increases than longer-term munis whose maturities are further out.
To learn more about how rates affect municipal bonds, read our whitepaper.
On the Brink of Bankruptcy
Illinois’ total debt currently stands at about $60 billion, according to Capital Economics, which is above Detroit’s $20 billion bankruptcy in 2013 and just below Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt. The state’s unfunded pensions—for teachers, professors, state employees, judges, emergency personnel and more—could be as high as $250 billion. That puts each Illinoisan on the hook for an estimated $56,000.
Political dysfunction and mismanagement are bad enough, but the state’s adverse demographics make matters even worse.
Illinois is one of only four states whose populations shrank over the past five years, the others being Connecticut, Vermont and West Virginia. CE estimates that over the next decade, the state’s population could grow only 2.2 percent, far below the national average. The number of retirees, meanwhile, could surge 34 percent.

click to enlarge
That means fewer working-age Illinoisans are expected to be counted on to support retirees in the coming years, driving up the amount of unfunded pensions even higher.
So even if the Illinois government can resolve its budget soon, we see this as only a short-term fix. The state has even larger obstacles emerging on the horizon.
Our Solution
Again, this is why I think an actively-managed muni fund like NEARX is an attractive solution. Whereas other muni funds might accumulate Illinois debt based on its high yield, regardless of risk, we generally have stuck to investment-grade munis.
It must be said that if you look at NEARX’s holdings today, you’ll see that Illinois is one of its top issuers. The bonds were purchased at an earlier time, before the state’s budgetary problems really began to worsen. We haven’t accumulated any more since it became clear to us that the risks were too great.
We continue to hold the debt because we’re confident the state’s government can successfully unravel the political gridlock and arrive at a short-term resolution. It’s the state’s long-term demographic risks that investors should especially worry about. Our longest Illinois bonds mature in 2021, and as long as the state doesn’t default in the next four years—which, in our opinion, is highly unlikely—we should get a good return on the bonds based on their yield when they were purchased.
 
Explore the Near-Term Tax Free Fund (NEARX)
 
Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by visiting www.usfunds.com or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser.
Bond funds are subject to interest-rate risk; their value declines as interest rates rise. Though the Near-Term Tax Free Fund seeks minimal fluctuations in share price, it is subject to the risk that the credit quality of a portfolio holding could decline, as well as risk related to changes in the economic conditions of a state, region or issuer. These risks could cause the fund’s share price to decline. Tax-exempt income is federal income tax free. A portion of this income may be subject to state and local taxes and at times the alternative minimum tax. The Near-Term Tax Free Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in securities that pay taxable interest. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes.
A bond’s credit quality is determined by private independent rating agencies such as Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch. Credit quality designations range from high (AAA to AA) to medium (A to BBB) to low (BB, B, CCC, CC to C).
The Near-Term Tax Free Fund invests at least 80 percent of its net assets in investment-grade municipal securities. At the time of purchase for the fund's portfolio, the ratings on the bonds must be one of the four highest ratings by Moody's Investors Services (Aaa, Aa, A, Baa) or Standard & Poor's Corporation (AAA, AA, A, BBB). Credit quality designations range from high (AAA to AA) to medium (A to BBB) to low (BB, B, CCC, CC to C). In the event a bond is rated by more than one of the ratings organizations, the highest rating is shown.


Share “Investor Beware! What Does the Illinois Budget Crisis Mean for Your Bond Fund?”






Email






1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Next »







 Quick Links




Categories

Airline Industry (17)
China, India & Asia (319)
Economy & Markets (387)
Emerging Europe (116)
Emerging Markets (163)
Energy & Natural Resources (258)
Gold (354)
Infrastructure (65)
Odds & Ends (115)
View All









Net Asset Valueas of 07/27/2017




Global Resources Fund
PSPFX      $5.64
-0.06


Gold and Precious Metals Fund
USERX      $7.15
-0.05


World Precious Minerals Fund
UNWPX      $6.44
-0.08


China Region Fund
USCOX      $10.11
0.02


Emerging Europe Fund
EUROX      $6.67
-0.01


All American Equity Fund
GBTFX      $24.37
-0.23


Holmes Macro Trends Fund
MEGAX      $20.01
-0.09


Near-Term Tax Free Fund
NEARX      $2.23
No Change


U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund
UGSDX      $2.00
No Change









Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by clicking here or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser. 
Read additional important information.

 Bond funds are subject to interest-rate risk; their value declines as interest rates rise. Tax-exempt income is federal income tax free. A portion of this income may be subject to state and local income taxes, and if applicable, may subject certain investors to the Alternative Minimum Tax as well. The Near-Term Tax Free Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in securities that pay taxable interest. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. The tax free funds may be exposed to risks related to a concentration of investments in a particular state or geographic area. These investments present risks resulting from changes in economic conditions of the region or issuer.
Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Foreign and emerging market investing involves special risks such as currency fluctuation and less public disclosure, as well as economic and political risk. By investing in a specific geographic region, a regional fund’s returns and share price may be more volatile than those of a less concentrated portfolio.
The Emerging Europe Fund invests more than 25% of its investments in companies principally engaged in the oil & gas or banking industries. The risk of concentrating investments in this group of industries will make the fund more susceptible to risk in these industries than funds which do not concentrate their investments in an industry and may make the fund’s performance more volatile.
Because the Global Resources Fund concentrates its investments in a specific industry, the fund may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries.
 Stock markets can be volatile and share prices can fluctuate in response to sector-related and other risks as described in the fund prospectus.
Morningstar Ratings are based on risk-adjusted return. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Past performance does not guarantee future results. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating? based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.)
Each of the mutual funds or services referred to in the U.S. Global Investors, Inc. website may be offered only to persons in the United States. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product or service to investors residing outside the United States.
Certain materials on the site may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in such materials, please visit the fund performance page.
Some link(s) above may be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.




How To Invest
Access My Account
Investment Professionals
Explore Our Funds

U.S. Global Investors • 7900 Callaghan Road San Antonio, Texas 78229 • 1-800-US-Funds
©2017 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Prospectus
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Policies and Procedures
Contact Us








 








Our Mutual Funds - U.S. Global Investors































  








U.S. Global Investors
U.S. Global Investors



Twitter
Facebook


Larger Text
Smaller Text
Reset


Home
Press Center
Sitemap
Contact Us













Open A New Account



About Us

Our Team
Career Opportunities
Investor Relations
Our Investment Process
Our Causes
Contact Us
Connect With Us
 
Mutual Funds

Our Mutual Funds
Fund Performance
Prospectus
 
ETFs
Investor Library

Frank Talk
Investor Alert
Webcasts
Publications
Videos
Interactive Favorites
 
Advisors
Investing With Us

How to Invest
Prospectus
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Tax Help Center
Contact a Service Representative
 
Access My Account






Be informed of the market’s most important moves when you read the Investor Alert. Read it now
Subscribe to Investor Alert now

Mutual Funds

Choose A Fund

Global Resources Fund (PSPFX)
Gold and Precious Metals Fund (USERX)
World Precious Minerals Fund (UNWPX)
China Region Fund (USCOX)
Emerging Europe Fund (EUROX)
All American Equity Fund (GBTFX)
Holmes Macro Trends Fund (MEGAX)
Near-Term Tax Free Fund (NEARX)
U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund (UGSDX)













Our Mutual Funds


U.S. Global Investors, Inc. is a boutique investment advisor specializing in emerging markets and natural resources. Our portfolio managers travel the earth researching opportunities and evaluating risk, all in the pursuit of exceptional performance for our funds.
Explore our no-load mutual funds, ranging from natural resources, emerging markets and infrastructure, to money market, bond and domestic funds. We believe that we are specially qualified to be an integral part of your investment strategy.


Global Resources Fund (PSPFX)
The Global Resources Fund takes a multi-faceted approach to the natural resources sector by investing in energy and basic materials. The fund invests in companies involved in the exploration, production and processing of petroleum, natural gas, coal, alternative energies, chemicals, mining, iron and steel, and paper and forest products, and can invest in any part of the world.


Gold and Precious Metals Fund (USERX)
The Gold and Precious Metals Fund is the first-no load gold fund in the U.S. We have a history as pioneers in portfolio management in this specialized sector. Our team brings valuable background in geology and mining finance, important to understanding the technical side of the business.
The fund focuses on producers, companies currently pulling gold or other precious minerals out of the ground. These companies, often called “seniors,” generally have the largest market caps in the mining sector.


World Precious Minerals Fund (UNWPX)
The World Precious Minerals Fund complements our Gold and Precious Metals Fund by giving investors increased exposure to junior and intermediate mining companies for added growth potential. With a high level of expertise in this specialized sector, our portfolio management team includes professionals with experience in geology, mineral resources and mining finance.


China Region Fund (USCOX)
The China Region Fund invests in one of the world’s fastest-growing regions. The China region has experienced many changes since the fund opened in 1994 but we believe the region continues to hold further investment opportunities.
Many countries in the region possess characteristics similar to the United States prior to the industrial revolution: a thriving, young workforce, migration from rural to urban areas and shifting sentiment toward consumption.


Emerging Europe Fund (EUROX)
The Emerging Europe Fund focuses on a region that shares the same continent as the established economies of western Europe, but has more in common with other emerging markets around the world. Many countries across emerging Europe are rich in resources, have strong banking sectors, healthy economies and lower debt levels than their western neighbors. The fund pursues opportunities tied to the economic growth of these countries, as many are making great strides toward meeting the European Union’s standards. Turkey presents a growth opportunity, with its young, growing population, entrepreneurial mindset and pro-business policies. Several countries in emerging Europe, such as Greece, also stand to benefit from the European economic recovery.


All American Equity Fund (GBTFX)
The All American Equity Fund invests in the growth of America by seeking “All American” companies with the best prospects for growth.
Offering the opportunity to invest right here at home, often in well-recognized names, the fund invests at least 80 percent of its assets in “All American” companies.
The portfolio management team uses a variety of investment strategies to select companies identified as having superior growth, profitability and quality relative to companies in the same industry.


Holmes Macro Trends Fund (MEGAX)
The Holmes Macro Trends Fund seeks to identify strong sectors, and within those sectors, to identify companies that have the greatest potential for growth. The portfolio management team uses a variety of investment strategies to search for companies suitable for investment in the fund, including factors such as growth in earnings, return on equity, and revenue.


Near-Term Tax Free Fund (NEARX)
The Near-Term Tax Free Fund invests in municipal bonds with relatively short maturity. The fund seeks to provide tax-free monthly income by investing in debt securities issued by state and local governments from across the country.


U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund (UGSDX)
The U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund is designed to be used as an investment that takes advantage of the security of U.S. Government bonds and obligations, while simultaneously pursuing a higher level of current income than money market funds offer.









Net Asset Valueas of 07/27/2017




Global Resources Fund
PSPFX      $5.64
-0.06


Gold and Precious Metals Fund
USERX      $7.15
-0.05


World Precious Minerals Fund
UNWPX      $6.44
-0.08


China Region Fund
USCOX      $10.11
0.02


Emerging Europe Fund
EUROX      $6.67
-0.01


All American Equity Fund
GBTFX      $24.37
-0.23


Holmes Macro Trends Fund
MEGAX      $20.01
-0.09


Near-Term Tax Free Fund
NEARX      $2.23
No Change


U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund
UGSDX      $2.00
No Change









Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by clicking here or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser. 
Read additional important information.

 Bond funds are subject to interest-rate risk; their value declines as interest rates rise. Tax-exempt income is federal income tax free. A portion of this income may be subject to state and local income taxes, and if applicable, may subject certain investors to the Alternative Minimum Tax as well. The Near-Term Tax Free Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in securities that pay taxable interest. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. The tax free funds may be exposed to risks related to a concentration of investments in a particular state or geographic area. These investments present risks resulting from changes in economic conditions of the region or issuer.
Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Foreign and emerging market investing involves special risks such as currency fluctuation and less public disclosure, as well as economic and political risk. By investing in a specific geographic region, a regional fund’s returns and share price may be more volatile than those of a less concentrated portfolio.
The Emerging Europe Fund invests more than 25% of its investments in companies principally engaged in the oil & gas or banking industries. The risk of concentrating investments in this group of industries will make the fund more susceptible to risk in these industries than funds which do not concentrate their investments in an industry and may make the fund’s performance more volatile.
Because the Global Resources Fund concentrates its investments in a specific industry, the fund may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries.
 Stock markets can be volatile and share prices can fluctuate in response to sector-related and other risks as described in the fund prospectus.
Morningstar Ratings are based on risk-adjusted return. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Past performance does not guarantee future results. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating? based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.)
Each of the mutual funds or services referred to in the U.S. Global Investors, Inc. website may be offered only to persons in the United States. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product or service to investors residing outside the United States.
Certain materials on the site may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in such materials, please visit the fund performance page.
Some link(s) above may be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.




How To Invest
Access My Account
Investment Professionals
Explore Our Funds

U.S. Global Investors • 7900 Callaghan Road San Antonio, Texas 78229 • 1-800-US-Funds
©2017 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Prospectus
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Policies and Procedures
Contact Us








 








Advisors - U.S. Global Investors































  











U.S. Global Investors
U.S. Global Investors



Twitter
Facebook


Larger Text
Smaller Text
Reset


Home
Press Center
Sitemap
Contact Us













Open A New Account



About Us

Our Team
Career Opportunities
Investor Relations
Our Investment Process
Our Causes
Contact Us
Connect With Us
 
Mutual Funds

Our Mutual Funds
Fund Performance
Prospectus
 
ETFs
Investor Library

Frank Talk
Investor Alert
Webcasts
Publications
Videos
Interactive Favorites
 
Advisors
Investing With Us

How to Invest
Prospectus
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Tax Help Center
Contact a Service Representative
 
Access My Account




Advisors and Investment Professionals










What’s Driving Gold?


 



Advisor Favorites

Frank Talk
Advisor Alert
Fund Fact Sheets



Subscribe to the advisor alert





Market Perspective


Advisor Alert
Frank Talk
Webcasts
Research




Our Funds


Performance
Fund Fact Sheets & Profiles
Our Investment Team
Prospectus and Documents




Client Resource Library


Institutional Services Team

Login






Explore the benefits of municipal bonds.
Download the PDF



Learn more about the Near-Term Tax Free Fund
Read the report



The 10-year performance of natural resources.
Explore the interactive chart



Taylor Thoen chats with Frank about investing in gold
Watch the video





Institutional Services • 800.873.3639
Monday–Friday, from 7:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (CST)






Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by clicking here or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser. 
Read additional important information.

 Bond funds are subject to interest-rate risk; their value declines as interest rates rise. Tax-exempt income is federal income tax free. A portion of this income may be subject to state and local income taxes, and if applicable, may subject certain investors to the Alternative Minimum Tax as well. The Near-Term Tax Free Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in securities that pay taxable interest. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. The tax free funds may be exposed to risks related to a concentration of investments in a particular state or geographic area. These investments present risks resulting from changes in economic conditions of the region or issuer.
Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Foreign and emerging market investing involves special risks such as currency fluctuation and less public disclosure, as well as economic and political risk. By investing in a specific geographic region, a regional fund’s returns and share price may be more volatile than those of a less concentrated portfolio.
The Emerging Europe Fund invests more than 25% of its investments in companies principally engaged in the oil & gas or banking industries. The risk of concentrating investments in this group of industries will make the fund more susceptible to risk in these industries than funds which do not concentrate their investments in an industry and may make the fund’s performance more volatile.
Because the Global Resources Fund concentrates its investments in a specific industry, the fund may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries.
 Stock markets can be volatile and share prices can fluctuate in response to sector-related and other risks as described in the fund prospectus.
Morningstar Ratings are based on risk-adjusted return. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Past performance does not guarantee future results. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating? based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.)
Each of the mutual funds or services referred to in the U.S. Global Investors, Inc. website may be offered only to persons in the United States. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product or service to investors residing outside the United States.
Certain materials on the site may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in such materials, please visit the fund performance page.
Some link(s) above may be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.




How To Invest
Access My Account
Investment Professionals
Explore Our Funds

U.S. Global Investors • 7900 Callaghan Road San Antonio, Texas 78229 • 1-800-US-Funds
©2017 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Prospectus
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Policies and Procedures
Contact Us








 




Rosland Capital: Gold, Silver, Precious Metals







 


























Search Rosland Capital





GO





US NATIONAL DEBT

Loading...












Safeguard Your Wealth with Gold and Silver from Rosland Capital



Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.












(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming






















Submit
















As far back as the first Egyptian dynasty, gold and silver have been revered for their beauty and intrinsic value. Today, thousands of years later, gold and silver and other precious metals are still trusted choices for protecting your wealth.
As your precious metals resource, Rosland Capital offers everything you need to plan for the future and secure your financial assets with precious metals.
Are you looking to purchase your first bar of gold or silver? Are you shopping for precious coins to add to your collection? Or are you simply curious about the history and mysteries of precious metals?









Whatever your needs, Rosland Capital will:





Educate you about the time-tested value of precious metals and the benefits of having them in your portfolio or collection.



Offer high-quality customer service and helpful information that puts you at ease, making you feel confident about your choices.



Help you protect your retirement and wealth by introducing you to our precious metals products.






		Call us today at 1-800-375-0333 and we will help you with all your precious metal needs.
	










Claim Your Free Gold Kit
From fascinating gold coins to diversifying your retirement and asset portfolios with gold, our free kit explains the importance of using gold to strengthen your savings, as well as the options you have to safeguard your savings.
LEARN MORE







Consider a Gold-Backed IRA
Through market crises and economic downturns, the value of gold has stood the test of time. Protect your hard-earned savings, no matter the state of world affairs, by including a gold-backed IRA in your portfolio. Other precious metal- backed IRAs are also available. Our specialists can take you through the process of setting up a Gold IRA, or transferring an existing IRA funds to a Gold or Precious Metals IRA.
LEARN MORE




NEWS
Rosland Capital Releases Limited Edition Ayrton Senna Coins
Late last month, Rosland Capital unveiled a special silver and gold coin collection in commemoration of legendary F1 racer Ayrton Senna. The limited edition coins were unveiled at the 2017 Formula 1 Monaco Grand Prix.The coin collection was designed in collaboration with the Ayrton Senna Institute and includes six 30 oz gold coins in honor of the 30-year anniversary of Senna’s win at Monaco. Also included in the limited edition collection are 180 2.5 oz gold coins and 300 2.5oz silver coins. The coins are individually crafted and minted by the Swiss firm, Pamp S.A., and bear the iconic image of Ayrton Senna. A part of the coin proceeds will be given to the Ayrton Senna Foundation.The coin collection was presented by Rosland Capital CEO Marin Aleksov, who said that the company was honored to be included in the celebrations of the 30th anniversary of Ayrton Senna’s win at Monaco.For more information, go to https:/…
read MORE











2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Call for Price






2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Silver Coin
Call for Price






BRITISH GRAND PRIX ™ 1/4-oz Gold Coin
Call for Price






Lady Liberty Gold Coin Series
Call for Price




Previous
Next



BROWSE ALL PRODUCTS









Customer Agreement




 In order to finish processing, please submit a physical copy of this signed customer agreement along with your payment.


	This Customer Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Rosland Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a principal place of business located at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 ("Rosland Capital"), and the person(s) or entity identified on the signature page hereof ("Customer") for the purchase, sale and delivery of precious metals, coins and other products offered by Rosland Capital (collectively, the "Products"). The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all transactions between Customer and Rosland Capital. Download PDF
1. Purchases and Payments.
	1.1 Customer may place an order (each, a "Purchase Order") with a Rosland Capital representative (each, a "Rosland Capital Representative") by telephone for the purchase, sale and delivery of Products which shall have the same effect as if the Purchase Order was made in writing. Customer's Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative to ensure the details of the Purchase Order are correct and will include the price, quantity, method of payment and delivery and other material terms of the Purchase Order. Purchase Orders for bullion cannot be accepted prior to Rosland’s receipt of good funds, and after receipt of such funds the final terms of the Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative.

	1.2 Rosland Capital will send Customer a written confirmation of each Purchase Order (the "Confirmation") at the address provided by Customer to Rosland Capital. The amount due under the Purchase Order (the "Purchase Price") shall be due and payable in full to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving proof, semi-numismatic, numismatic or premium coins, and on or before the date of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving bullion (in either case, the "Payment Period"). Failure to pay the Purchase Price within the Payment Period shall constitute a default by Customer. Upon such default, Rosland Capital will be relieved of all its obligations under the Purchase Order and may recover from Customer the difference between the Purchase Price agreed to by Customer for the Products and Rosland Capital's actual resale price for the Products at the time of default, up to four percent (4%) of the Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 1.1 and 1.2, purchases made on-line at www.RoslandCapital.com shall be subject to the payment provisions set forth on-line by Rosland Capital from time to time.
	1.3 Customer agrees to pay the Purchase Price by personal check, credit card or bank wire (except that any payments for bullion shall be made by check or bank wire only). The Purchase Price specified in a Purchase Order shall include, without limitation, all shipping, handling, storage, delivery, taxes, assessments and other fees imposed on transactions involving the Products. All amounts stated in a Purchase Order are in U.S. Dollars and all payments made by Customer to Rosland Capital under a Purchase Order shall be made in the U.S. and in U.S. Dollars.
2. Delivery. Rosland Capital shall ship the Products to Customer, or Customer’s appointed agent or designee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase Order, within fourteen (14) business days (or such lesser period as required by law) of Rosland Capital’s actual receipt of the full Purchase Price from Customer. Title to the Products purchased by Customer and risk of loss thereto shall pass to Customer upon Customer’s, or Customer’s appointed agent's or designee's, actual receipt of the Products. Customer shall be responsible for all shipping and handling charges incurred in connection with the delivery of the Products and Customer acknowledges that shipping and handling charges will vary depending on the weight, value, destination and method of shipment of the Products.
  
3. Buy-Back Policy and Customer Service. If in the future you decide that you would like to sell any precious metal or coin products purchased from Rosland Capital, as a service to our customers, Rosland Capital will provide you the opportunity to sell such products back to us at the current market value determined by Rosland Capital for such products on the day the sale to us is completed. You are, of course, free to sell to others, but we believe that you may receive a higher net price by selling to Rosland Capital because we are familiar with the products we have sold you, and do not charge any additional fees or commissions when making such purchases. Due to market conditions and other factors, you may receive less than what you originally paid. Rosland Capital will make payment for any purchased Product within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the Products from Customer.Our buy-back policy is a voluntary service to our customers and is subject to withdrawal or change without notice. We may also purchase products not originally sold by Rosland Capital; however, such purchases are subject to additional fees and/or commissions at current market rates.Rosland Capital maintains a dedicated customer service department that handles all customer services, including liquidation requests, refund requests and complaints. Rosland Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer can be reached by phone at (800) 967-5151 or by email at services@RoslandCapital.com.
 
4. Refunds and Returns. Rosland Capital provides Customer the right to receive a full refund of the Purchase Price for the return of undamaged and unused Products; provided, however, that Rosland Capital receives written notice of Customer's intention to return the Products within seven (7) days after the date that Customer receives the Products, and provided, further, that such Products are returned to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days following receipt by Rosland Capital of notice of cancellation from Customer. Customer’s “receipt” of the Products is deemed to occur at the earliest of: (a) the date that Customer receives actual possession of the Products or (b) the date that Customer receives written confirmation from Rosland Capital that the Products have been deposited on Customer’s behalf in an independent depository. Rosland Capital shall, upon written notice of cancellation and receipt of the Products in the same condition as delivered, issue a full refund of the Purchase Price to Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of Rosland Capital's receipt of the returned Products from Customer.
 
5. Classifications. Rosland Capital's classification of a particular Product as bullion, numismatic, semi-numismatic or premium expresses Rosland Capital's opinion and other precious metal dealers or investors may classify the same Product differently. The classification of a particular Product depends on a number of objective and subjective factors and any classification may change over time. Rosland Capital's spread and prices are based on Rosland Capital's classification determinations. Bullion may be in bar or coin form, and its value primarily depends on its precious metal content. Its value fluctuates with the “spot price” of the precious metal, which is its current market price. Numismatic coins (including proof coins) are coins whose value primarily depends on factors such as demand, scarcity, dates, condition and grades, and less so on precious metal content. Semi-numismatic coins are coins that have some bullion value and thus their value may fluctuate with the spot price of the precious metal they contain, as well as other factors such as supply and demand. Premium coins include numismatic and semi-numismatic coins, as well as proof coins and Exclusive Specialty coins of limited mintage, whose value derives from their quality and limited supply, as well as their precious metal content. Exclusive Specialty coins are typically of high quality, limited mintage, high precious metal content and often from a branded or other unique source; Rosland Capital determines which products are designated Exclusive Specialty coins based upon the foregoing factors. Precious metals that have lower precious metal content, which may include some numismatics, will have a lower “melt value”, which is determined by multiplying the precious metal content of a coin or bar by its spot price. For example, if the spot price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, a coin containing one ounce of gold has a melt value of $1,000.6. Spread. The difference between the Purchase Price Customer pays for Products under a Purchase Order and the price that Rosland Capital actually pays for the Products purchased by Customer under such Purchase Order is known as the "spread" and it is stated as a percentage of the Purchase Price paid by the Customer.  Spreads charged to Customer under a particular transaction may differ significantly from spreads charged to other customers in similar transactions or spreads charged to Customer in other transactions. The spread on Rosland Capital's premium, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins typically ranges between 17% and 33%. The spread on Rosland Capital's bullion typically ranges between 4% and 21%. (For example, if Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a numismatic coin was $300 and included a 20% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $240. If Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a bullion coin was $300 and included a 5% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $285.) The spread on Rosland Capital's IRA (as defined below) transactions typically ranges between 17% and 25%. The foregoing spreads are approximations and the spreads at any time and for any given transaction may be significantly different. Exclusive Specialty coins designated by Rosland Capital are only sold by Rosland Capital from sources and based on designs exclusive to Rosland Capital at prices set by Rosland Capital based on their quality, limited mintage, precious metal content and branded or unique source, without any reference to any “spread,” which does not apply to this classification of coins.
 7. Pricing. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are established by Rosland Capital upon its analysis of each item and may change many times during the day. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are not tied to prices quoted by any other organization and there are no established daily limits on the amount those prices may change. Rosland Capital reserves the right to increase or decrease its prices at its sole discretion at any time. Customer is encouraged to compare Rosland Capital’s prices with those offered by other dealers. 
 8. Taxes. Tax consequences of transactions with Rosland Capital are the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer shall pay to Rosland Capital any sales, use or other tax applicable to transactions involving the Products.
 9. Security. Customer hereby grants Rosland Capital a lien and security interest in the Products in Rosland Capital's possession or control that Customer orders pursuant to a Purchase Order as collateral for any amounts owed by Customer to Rosland Capital under this Agreement, any Purchase Order or otherwise. Customer agrees to execute such additional documents as may be necessary to perfect or evidence this security interest.
 
10. Electronic Recordation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Rosland Capital may choose, in its sole discretion, to monitor or record Customer's telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by Rosland Capital in writing, Rosland Capital does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative by Customer or any third party. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital will not record all telephone conversations and that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone conversation will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.
  
11. Customer Representations. Customer hereby represents to Rosland Capital that (i) Customer is of legal age and capacity and has the requisite powers, authority, and rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) Customer is not a party, and will not become a party, to any agree­ment, obligation, or understanding that is inconsistent with this Agreement or mightlimit or impair Customer's performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Customer is an experienced investor who understands the risks and obligations involved under this Agreement; and (iv) Customer's transactions under this Agreement shall be for investment or other commercial purposes and not for any personal, family, household or other consumer purposes.
 
12. Acknowledgements.12.1 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital is a dealer in precious metals, coins and other related products. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is not an exchange or brokerage house or a financial or investment advisor and that neither Rosland Capital nor any Rosland Capital Representative acts as an agent or fiduciary for any of Rosland Capital's Customers.12.2 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products involve substantial risks. Market prices are volatile and unpredictable and may be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, political events, mon­etary policies of various countries, and fluctuations in production and demand. It is impossible to forecast accurately how or to what degree the foregoing or other factors will affect market prices. What is suitable for one customer with a given financial means may not be suitable for other customers with the same financial means.12.3 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products are speculative and volatile, and prices may rise and fall over time. Customer acknowledges that profit can only be made if prices for the Products rise in an amount over the Purchase Price paid by Customer for the Products and that Customer may still incur a loss despite favorable price movements.12.4 Customer acknowledges that Customer is financially and emotionally able to enter into transactions which are contemplated by this Agreement and is sensitive to and able to accept the risks and to meet the financial commitments being made under this Agreement.  12.5 Customer acknowledges that grades and descriptions of Products are opinions and not statements of fact, and are based on standards and interpretations that change over time. Rosland Capital uses contemporary grading standards and inter­pretations to grade its Products or relies upon the opinions of third party grading services such as Numismatic Guaranty Corporation and Professional Coin Grading Service. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that its Products will achieve the same grades from any third party grading service in the future.12.6 Customer acknowledges that Customer is responsible for all purchases made on Customer's account. If Customer believes that a Purchase Order has been entered into for Customer's account without Customer's authorization, Customer shall immedi­ately notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department at: compliance@RoslandCapital.com. Similarly, if Customer believes that any Rosland Capital Representative has made a verbal or written representation that is inconsistent with the terms or risks set forth herein or is unprofessional or offensive in nature, Customer will notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department immediately. Customer further acknowledges that if Customer fails to make the required notification within ten (10) business days following the date on which the event first became known to Customer, Customer waives all rights to contest such mat­ter.12.7 Rosland Capital Representatives may from time to time discuss the general direction of various financial markets. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives cannot guarantee any market movement. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives are not licensed as investment advisors and are not making any specific recommendations concerning any forms of investment. Rosland Capital and the Rosland Capital Representatives are not agents for Customer, have different financial interests and incentives from Customer and owe no fiduciary duty to Customer. Rosland Capital Representatives are commissioned salespersons whose commissions are greatest on numismatic, semi-numismatic and premium items and least on bullion. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital believes precious metals and coins are appropriate for 5% to 20% of a portfolio, although certain individuals or organizations might recommend a different percentage. Customer agrees to independently determine what percentage is appropriate for Customer based upon Customer’s individual circumstance. 12.8 Customer acknowledges that Customer has conducted and will conduct Customer's own research and analysis regarding the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital and Customer will not rely upon any statements made by a Rosland Capital Representative concerning the future value of the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital. Rosland Capital does not provide investment or financial advice. Customer acknowledges that precious metals and coins do not earn interest or current income.12.9 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the 1930’s gold recall by the Government is as follows: “In 1933, the U.S. Government, by Executive Order, prohibited the private ownership of certain quantities of gold bars and coins.  There were several exceptions to this ban, including allowing people to own “gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins.”  At the time the United States was on the gold standard.  Since 1971 the United States has not been on the gold standard.  The Executive Order prohibiting private ownership was repealed in 1974.  Currently, there are no restrictions on gold ownership, and the ability of the U.S. Government to recall gold is limited to times of war and requires action by the President or Congress.  No one can say with certainty if or how the U.S. Government might prohibit ownership of gold in the future, or whether any particular gold product might be exempt from any future prohibitions.”12.10 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the reportability of precious metals is as follows: “Many of our customers are concerned about personal privacy or disclosing that they own precious metals.  Accordingly, they often choose to purchase precious metals that do not require disclosure of personal information such as name, address and social security number when they sell such precious metals. Currently, certain bullion, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins do not require disclosure of such personal information when a customer sells them.”12.11 Customer acknowledges that Customer has read Rosland Capital’s brochure, which provides additional information about the risks of buying and selling precious metals and coins. This brochure is updated period­ically and it is Customer's responsibility to remain up to date by requesting a copy of the most recent version at Rosland Capital's website, www.RoslandCapital.com.12.12 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital may provide information about companies which provide trustee and custodian services for Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA) as a convenience to its customers.  Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is independent from and not affiliated with any of the companies which may provide those services. It is Customer's responsibility to independently select the IRA service company suitable for Customer. Rosland Capital shall have no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from Customer's dealings with any IRA service company.13. DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.13.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ROSLAND CAPITAL PROVIDES THE PRODUCTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ROSLAND CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FUTURE VALUE, OTHER THAN THOSE MADE EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY.13.2 EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION ON WHICH THEY ARE BASED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.13.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.
	 

	14.  Miscellaneous/Arbitration.14.1 Customer expressly authorizes Rosland Capital to contact Customer at the telephone numbers provided in this Agreement regardless of whether these numbers are listed on any state or federal Do Not Call list. If Customer requests that Rosland Capital no longer contact Customer, Rosland Capital will promptly place Customer on Rosland Capital's Do Not Call list.14.2 In no event will Rosland Capital be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if and to the extent such default or delay is caused by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God; wars, terrorist acts, site-specific terrorist threats, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions; strikes, lockouts or labor disputes;governmental actions, suspensions of commodity exchanges, the failure or delay of Rosland Capital's suppliers; or the failure or disruption of the Internet, including but not limited to any failure, error or disruption involving any third party Internet service providers or Rosland Capital’s own internal computer systems; or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of Rosland Capital.14.3 Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Rosland Capital's written consent. Rosland Capital may freely assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Customer.14.4 All communications shall be sent to Rosland Capital at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 and to Customer at the address set forth above or such other address subsequently provided to Rosland Capital by Customer in writing. All communications given by Rosland Capital to Customer by mail shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier; if hand delivered, when delivered to Customer's address; if telephonic, at the time of such phone conversation or facsimile transmission; or if by email, on the day of such transmission.14.5 Customer will notify Rosland Capital promptly of the death of any signer on a Rosland Capital account by providing a certified death certificate. Upon proof of death, Rosland Capital will recognize the account as the sole property of the estate or lawful heirs, as substantiated in documents provided to Rosland Capital. Customer agrees to hold Rosland Capital harmless and defend against any loss, liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any action taken by Rosland Capital in reliance upon the foregoing. Rosland Capital may require such additional consents, documents or other papers in order to substantiate ownership of accounts and may retain account balances until it is reasonably satisfied of the ownership of such account and the persons authorized to take action with respect thereto.14.6 Governing Law; Arbitration. The formation of this Agreement constitutes the making of this contract within Los Angeles County, California, regardless of the manner, timing or location of delivery or receipt of acceptance of this Agreement. The parties agree that Los Angeles County, California is the exclusive venue for filing any action and hearing concerning disputes arising from or relating to the Products or this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflict of law principles. CUSTOMER AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND ROSLAND  CAPITAL (INCLUDING ANY OF ROSLAND CAPITAL'S CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SCOPE OR APPLICABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE KEPT IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION HEARING, WILL BE LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, TO ENFORCE THIS SECTION. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT IT WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN THE BASIC ARBITRATION COSTS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATION FEES AND THE FEES OF THE ARBITRATOR(S). EACH PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS FEES RELATED TO THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.14.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY AGREES TO HAVE ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT DECIDED BY ARBITRATION AND IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES DETERMINED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR BY A JURY. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS SIMILARLY WAIVING ITS RIGHTS TO APPEAL, UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN.14.8 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs to Compel Arbitration. IN THE EVENT (1) CUSTOMER REFUSES TO ARBITRATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT BY COMMENCING ANY ACTION AGAINST ROSLAND CAPITAL IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURT, OR OTHERWISE, AND (2) ROSLAND CAPITAL OBTAINS ANY RELIEF WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM A PETITION OR MOTION (OR LIKE PROCEDURAL MECHANISM) TO COMPEL ARBITRATION, THEN CUSTOMER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF ROSLAND CAPITAL’S REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL’S EFFORTS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.14.9 Waiver of Class Action. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT CUSTOMER MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE. ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE ASSERTED INDIVIDUALLY.14.10 One Year Limit to Bring Claims. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CUSTOMER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE CALENDAR YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES, OR FOREVER BE BARRED. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, CUSTOMER MIGHT HAVE A LONGER TIME PERIOD TO INITIATE A CLAIM UNDER STATE OR FEDERAL LAW.14.11 Limitation on Damages. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY BRINGING AN ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY ACTUAL CONTRACT DAMAGES AND TORT DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE PARTY AND PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY AND RESULTING FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S ALLEGED BREACH, AND IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.  THIS SECTION STATES THE EXCLUSIVE DAMAGE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER.14.12 The terms and provisions in this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.14.13 No failure or delay by Rosland Capital in exercising any of its rights, powers, or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy. No waiver or modification of any term of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.14.14 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and delivered by facsimile transmission, each copy of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.14.15 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, and agreements between the parties.
Download / View Print-Friendly PDF 




1Print Customer AgreementDOWNLOAD 


2Read and Sign Customer Agreement 


3Mail to Rosland Capital 11766 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1200Los Angeles, CA 90025





Close


















Rosland Capital: Gold, Silver, Precious Metals







 


























Search Rosland Capital





GO





US NATIONAL DEBT

Loading...












Safeguard Your Wealth with Gold and Silver from Rosland Capital



Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.












(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming






















Submit
















As far back as the first Egyptian dynasty, gold and silver have been revered for their beauty and intrinsic value. Today, thousands of years later, gold and silver and other precious metals are still trusted choices for protecting your wealth.
As your precious metals resource, Rosland Capital offers everything you need to plan for the future and secure your financial assets with precious metals.
Are you looking to purchase your first bar of gold or silver? Are you shopping for precious coins to add to your collection? Or are you simply curious about the history and mysteries of precious metals?









Whatever your needs, Rosland Capital will:





Educate you about the time-tested value of precious metals and the benefits of having them in your portfolio or collection.



Offer high-quality customer service and helpful information that puts you at ease, making you feel confident about your choices.



Help you protect your retirement and wealth by introducing you to our precious metals products.






		Call us today at 1-800-375-0333 and we will help you with all your precious metal needs.
	










Claim Your Free Gold Kit
From fascinating gold coins to diversifying your retirement and asset portfolios with gold, our free kit explains the importance of using gold to strengthen your savings, as well as the options you have to safeguard your savings.
LEARN MORE







Consider a Gold-Backed IRA
Through market crises and economic downturns, the value of gold has stood the test of time. Protect your hard-earned savings, no matter the state of world affairs, by including a gold-backed IRA in your portfolio. Other precious metal- backed IRAs are also available. Our specialists can take you through the process of setting up a Gold IRA, or transferring an existing IRA funds to a Gold or Precious Metals IRA.
LEARN MORE




NEWS
Rosland Capital Releases Limited Edition Ayrton Senna Coins
Late last month, Rosland Capital unveiled a special silver and gold coin collection in commemoration of legendary F1 racer Ayrton Senna. The limited edition coins were unveiled at the 2017 Formula 1 Monaco Grand Prix.The coin collection was designed in collaboration with the Ayrton Senna Institute and includes six 30 oz gold coins in honor of the 30-year anniversary of Senna’s win at Monaco. Also included in the limited edition collection are 180 2.5 oz gold coins and 300 2.5oz silver coins. The coins are individually crafted and minted by the Swiss firm, Pamp S.A., and bear the iconic image of Ayrton Senna. A part of the coin proceeds will be given to the Ayrton Senna Foundation.The coin collection was presented by Rosland Capital CEO Marin Aleksov, who said that the company was honored to be included in the celebrations of the 30th anniversary of Ayrton Senna’s win at Monaco.For more information, go to https:/…
read MORE











2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Call for Price






2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Silver Coin
Call for Price






BRITISH GRAND PRIX ™ 1/4-oz Gold Coin
Call for Price






Lady Liberty Gold Coin Series
Call for Price




Previous
Next



BROWSE ALL PRODUCTS









Customer Agreement




 In order to finish processing, please submit a physical copy of this signed customer agreement along with your payment.


	This Customer Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Rosland Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a principal place of business located at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 ("Rosland Capital"), and the person(s) or entity identified on the signature page hereof ("Customer") for the purchase, sale and delivery of precious metals, coins and other products offered by Rosland Capital (collectively, the "Products"). The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all transactions between Customer and Rosland Capital. Download PDF
1. Purchases and Payments.
	1.1 Customer may place an order (each, a "Purchase Order") with a Rosland Capital representative (each, a "Rosland Capital Representative") by telephone for the purchase, sale and delivery of Products which shall have the same effect as if the Purchase Order was made in writing. Customer's Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative to ensure the details of the Purchase Order are correct and will include the price, quantity, method of payment and delivery and other material terms of the Purchase Order. Purchase Orders for bullion cannot be accepted prior to Rosland’s receipt of good funds, and after receipt of such funds the final terms of the Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative.

	1.2 Rosland Capital will send Customer a written confirmation of each Purchase Order (the "Confirmation") at the address provided by Customer to Rosland Capital. The amount due under the Purchase Order (the "Purchase Price") shall be due and payable in full to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving proof, semi-numismatic, numismatic or premium coins, and on or before the date of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving bullion (in either case, the "Payment Period"). Failure to pay the Purchase Price within the Payment Period shall constitute a default by Customer. Upon such default, Rosland Capital will be relieved of all its obligations under the Purchase Order and may recover from Customer the difference between the Purchase Price agreed to by Customer for the Products and Rosland Capital's actual resale price for the Products at the time of default, up to four percent (4%) of the Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 1.1 and 1.2, purchases made on-line at www.RoslandCapital.com shall be subject to the payment provisions set forth on-line by Rosland Capital from time to time.
	1.3 Customer agrees to pay the Purchase Price by personal check, credit card or bank wire (except that any payments for bullion shall be made by check or bank wire only). The Purchase Price specified in a Purchase Order shall include, without limitation, all shipping, handling, storage, delivery, taxes, assessments and other fees imposed on transactions involving the Products. All amounts stated in a Purchase Order are in U.S. Dollars and all payments made by Customer to Rosland Capital under a Purchase Order shall be made in the U.S. and in U.S. Dollars.
2. Delivery. Rosland Capital shall ship the Products to Customer, or Customer’s appointed agent or designee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase Order, within fourteen (14) business days (or such lesser period as required by law) of Rosland Capital’s actual receipt of the full Purchase Price from Customer. Title to the Products purchased by Customer and risk of loss thereto shall pass to Customer upon Customer’s, or Customer’s appointed agent's or designee's, actual receipt of the Products. Customer shall be responsible for all shipping and handling charges incurred in connection with the delivery of the Products and Customer acknowledges that shipping and handling charges will vary depending on the weight, value, destination and method of shipment of the Products.
  
3. Buy-Back Policy and Customer Service. If in the future you decide that you would like to sell any precious metal or coin products purchased from Rosland Capital, as a service to our customers, Rosland Capital will provide you the opportunity to sell such products back to us at the current market value determined by Rosland Capital for such products on the day the sale to us is completed. You are, of course, free to sell to others, but we believe that you may receive a higher net price by selling to Rosland Capital because we are familiar with the products we have sold you, and do not charge any additional fees or commissions when making such purchases. Due to market conditions and other factors, you may receive less than what you originally paid. Rosland Capital will make payment for any purchased Product within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the Products from Customer.Our buy-back policy is a voluntary service to our customers and is subject to withdrawal or change without notice. We may also purchase products not originally sold by Rosland Capital; however, such purchases are subject to additional fees and/or commissions at current market rates.Rosland Capital maintains a dedicated customer service department that handles all customer services, including liquidation requests, refund requests and complaints. Rosland Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer can be reached by phone at (800) 967-5151 or by email at services@RoslandCapital.com.
 
4. Refunds and Returns. Rosland Capital provides Customer the right to receive a full refund of the Purchase Price for the return of undamaged and unused Products; provided, however, that Rosland Capital receives written notice of Customer's intention to return the Products within seven (7) days after the date that Customer receives the Products, and provided, further, that such Products are returned to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days following receipt by Rosland Capital of notice of cancellation from Customer. Customer’s “receipt” of the Products is deemed to occur at the earliest of: (a) the date that Customer receives actual possession of the Products or (b) the date that Customer receives written confirmation from Rosland Capital that the Products have been deposited on Customer’s behalf in an independent depository. Rosland Capital shall, upon written notice of cancellation and receipt of the Products in the same condition as delivered, issue a full refund of the Purchase Price to Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of Rosland Capital's receipt of the returned Products from Customer.
 
5. Classifications. Rosland Capital's classification of a particular Product as bullion, numismatic, semi-numismatic or premium expresses Rosland Capital's opinion and other precious metal dealers or investors may classify the same Product differently. The classification of a particular Product depends on a number of objective and subjective factors and any classification may change over time. Rosland Capital's spread and prices are based on Rosland Capital's classification determinations. Bullion may be in bar or coin form, and its value primarily depends on its precious metal content. Its value fluctuates with the “spot price” of the precious metal, which is its current market price. Numismatic coins (including proof coins) are coins whose value primarily depends on factors such as demand, scarcity, dates, condition and grades, and less so on precious metal content. Semi-numismatic coins are coins that have some bullion value and thus their value may fluctuate with the spot price of the precious metal they contain, as well as other factors such as supply and demand. Premium coins include numismatic and semi-numismatic coins, as well as proof coins and Exclusive Specialty coins of limited mintage, whose value derives from their quality and limited supply, as well as their precious metal content. Exclusive Specialty coins are typically of high quality, limited mintage, high precious metal content and often from a branded or other unique source; Rosland Capital determines which products are designated Exclusive Specialty coins based upon the foregoing factors. Precious metals that have lower precious metal content, which may include some numismatics, will have a lower “melt value”, which is determined by multiplying the precious metal content of a coin or bar by its spot price. For example, if the spot price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, a coin containing one ounce of gold has a melt value of $1,000.6. Spread. The difference between the Purchase Price Customer pays for Products under a Purchase Order and the price that Rosland Capital actually pays for the Products purchased by Customer under such Purchase Order is known as the "spread" and it is stated as a percentage of the Purchase Price paid by the Customer.  Spreads charged to Customer under a particular transaction may differ significantly from spreads charged to other customers in similar transactions or spreads charged to Customer in other transactions. The spread on Rosland Capital's premium, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins typically ranges between 17% and 33%. The spread on Rosland Capital's bullion typically ranges between 4% and 21%. (For example, if Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a numismatic coin was $300 and included a 20% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $240. If Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a bullion coin was $300 and included a 5% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $285.) The spread on Rosland Capital's IRA (as defined below) transactions typically ranges between 17% and 25%. The foregoing spreads are approximations and the spreads at any time and for any given transaction may be significantly different. Exclusive Specialty coins designated by Rosland Capital are only sold by Rosland Capital from sources and based on designs exclusive to Rosland Capital at prices set by Rosland Capital based on their quality, limited mintage, precious metal content and branded or unique source, without any reference to any “spread,” which does not apply to this classification of coins.
 7. Pricing. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are established by Rosland Capital upon its analysis of each item and may change many times during the day. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are not tied to prices quoted by any other organization and there are no established daily limits on the amount those prices may change. Rosland Capital reserves the right to increase or decrease its prices at its sole discretion at any time. Customer is encouraged to compare Rosland Capital’s prices with those offered by other dealers. 
 8. Taxes. Tax consequences of transactions with Rosland Capital are the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer shall pay to Rosland Capital any sales, use or other tax applicable to transactions involving the Products.
 9. Security. Customer hereby grants Rosland Capital a lien and security interest in the Products in Rosland Capital's possession or control that Customer orders pursuant to a Purchase Order as collateral for any amounts owed by Customer to Rosland Capital under this Agreement, any Purchase Order or otherwise. Customer agrees to execute such additional documents as may be necessary to perfect or evidence this security interest.
 
10. Electronic Recordation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Rosland Capital may choose, in its sole discretion, to monitor or record Customer's telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by Rosland Capital in writing, Rosland Capital does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative by Customer or any third party. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital will not record all telephone conversations and that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone conversation will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.
  
11. Customer Representations. Customer hereby represents to Rosland Capital that (i) Customer is of legal age and capacity and has the requisite powers, authority, and rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) Customer is not a party, and will not become a party, to any agree­ment, obligation, or understanding that is inconsistent with this Agreement or mightlimit or impair Customer's performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Customer is an experienced investor who understands the risks and obligations involved under this Agreement; and (iv) Customer's transactions under this Agreement shall be for investment or other commercial purposes and not for any personal, family, household or other consumer purposes.
 
12. Acknowledgements.12.1 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital is a dealer in precious metals, coins and other related products. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is not an exchange or brokerage house or a financial or investment advisor and that neither Rosland Capital nor any Rosland Capital Representative acts as an agent or fiduciary for any of Rosland Capital's Customers.12.2 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products involve substantial risks. Market prices are volatile and unpredictable and may be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, political events, mon­etary policies of various countries, and fluctuations in production and demand. It is impossible to forecast accurately how or to what degree the foregoing or other factors will affect market prices. What is suitable for one customer with a given financial means may not be suitable for other customers with the same financial means.12.3 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products are speculative and volatile, and prices may rise and fall over time. Customer acknowledges that profit can only be made if prices for the Products rise in an amount over the Purchase Price paid by Customer for the Products and that Customer may still incur a loss despite favorable price movements.12.4 Customer acknowledges that Customer is financially and emotionally able to enter into transactions which are contemplated by this Agreement and is sensitive to and able to accept the risks and to meet the financial commitments being made under this Agreement.  12.5 Customer acknowledges that grades and descriptions of Products are opinions and not statements of fact, and are based on standards and interpretations that change over time. Rosland Capital uses contemporary grading standards and inter­pretations to grade its Products or relies upon the opinions of third party grading services such as Numismatic Guaranty Corporation and Professional Coin Grading Service. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that its Products will achieve the same grades from any third party grading service in the future.12.6 Customer acknowledges that Customer is responsible for all purchases made on Customer's account. If Customer believes that a Purchase Order has been entered into for Customer's account without Customer's authorization, Customer shall immedi­ately notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department at: compliance@RoslandCapital.com. Similarly, if Customer believes that any Rosland Capital Representative has made a verbal or written representation that is inconsistent with the terms or risks set forth herein or is unprofessional or offensive in nature, Customer will notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department immediately. Customer further acknowledges that if Customer fails to make the required notification within ten (10) business days following the date on which the event first became known to Customer, Customer waives all rights to contest such mat­ter.12.7 Rosland Capital Representatives may from time to time discuss the general direction of various financial markets. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives cannot guarantee any market movement. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives are not licensed as investment advisors and are not making any specific recommendations concerning any forms of investment. Rosland Capital and the Rosland Capital Representatives are not agents for Customer, have different financial interests and incentives from Customer and owe no fiduciary duty to Customer. Rosland Capital Representatives are commissioned salespersons whose commissions are greatest on numismatic, semi-numismatic and premium items and least on bullion. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital believes precious metals and coins are appropriate for 5% to 20% of a portfolio, although certain individuals or organizations might recommend a different percentage. Customer agrees to independently determine what percentage is appropriate for Customer based upon Customer’s individual circumstance. 12.8 Customer acknowledges that Customer has conducted and will conduct Customer's own research and analysis regarding the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital and Customer will not rely upon any statements made by a Rosland Capital Representative concerning the future value of the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital. Rosland Capital does not provide investment or financial advice. Customer acknowledges that precious metals and coins do not earn interest or current income.12.9 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the 1930’s gold recall by the Government is as follows: “In 1933, the U.S. Government, by Executive Order, prohibited the private ownership of certain quantities of gold bars and coins.  There were several exceptions to this ban, including allowing people to own “gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins.”  At the time the United States was on the gold standard.  Since 1971 the United States has not been on the gold standard.  The Executive Order prohibiting private ownership was repealed in 1974.  Currently, there are no restrictions on gold ownership, and the ability of the U.S. Government to recall gold is limited to times of war and requires action by the President or Congress.  No one can say with certainty if or how the U.S. Government might prohibit ownership of gold in the future, or whether any particular gold product might be exempt from any future prohibitions.”12.10 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the reportability of precious metals is as follows: “Many of our customers are concerned about personal privacy or disclosing that they own precious metals.  Accordingly, they often choose to purchase precious metals that do not require disclosure of personal information such as name, address and social security number when they sell such precious metals. Currently, certain bullion, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins do not require disclosure of such personal information when a customer sells them.”12.11 Customer acknowledges that Customer has read Rosland Capital’s brochure, which provides additional information about the risks of buying and selling precious metals and coins. This brochure is updated period­ically and it is Customer's responsibility to remain up to date by requesting a copy of the most recent version at Rosland Capital's website, www.RoslandCapital.com.12.12 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital may provide information about companies which provide trustee and custodian services for Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA) as a convenience to its customers.  Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is independent from and not affiliated with any of the companies which may provide those services. It is Customer's responsibility to independently select the IRA service company suitable for Customer. Rosland Capital shall have no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from Customer's dealings with any IRA service company.13. DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.13.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ROSLAND CAPITAL PROVIDES THE PRODUCTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ROSLAND CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FUTURE VALUE, OTHER THAN THOSE MADE EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY.13.2 EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION ON WHICH THEY ARE BASED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.13.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.
	 

	14.  Miscellaneous/Arbitration.14.1 Customer expressly authorizes Rosland Capital to contact Customer at the telephone numbers provided in this Agreement regardless of whether these numbers are listed on any state or federal Do Not Call list. If Customer requests that Rosland Capital no longer contact Customer, Rosland Capital will promptly place Customer on Rosland Capital's Do Not Call list.14.2 In no event will Rosland Capital be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if and to the extent such default or delay is caused by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God; wars, terrorist acts, site-specific terrorist threats, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions; strikes, lockouts or labor disputes;governmental actions, suspensions of commodity exchanges, the failure or delay of Rosland Capital's suppliers; or the failure or disruption of the Internet, including but not limited to any failure, error or disruption involving any third party Internet service providers or Rosland Capital’s own internal computer systems; or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of Rosland Capital.14.3 Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Rosland Capital's written consent. Rosland Capital may freely assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Customer.14.4 All communications shall be sent to Rosland Capital at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 and to Customer at the address set forth above or such other address subsequently provided to Rosland Capital by Customer in writing. All communications given by Rosland Capital to Customer by mail shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier; if hand delivered, when delivered to Customer's address; if telephonic, at the time of such phone conversation or facsimile transmission; or if by email, on the day of such transmission.14.5 Customer will notify Rosland Capital promptly of the death of any signer on a Rosland Capital account by providing a certified death certificate. Upon proof of death, Rosland Capital will recognize the account as the sole property of the estate or lawful heirs, as substantiated in documents provided to Rosland Capital. Customer agrees to hold Rosland Capital harmless and defend against any loss, liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any action taken by Rosland Capital in reliance upon the foregoing. Rosland Capital may require such additional consents, documents or other papers in order to substantiate ownership of accounts and may retain account balances until it is reasonably satisfied of the ownership of such account and the persons authorized to take action with respect thereto.14.6 Governing Law; Arbitration. The formation of this Agreement constitutes the making of this contract within Los Angeles County, California, regardless of the manner, timing or location of delivery or receipt of acceptance of this Agreement. The parties agree that Los Angeles County, California is the exclusive venue for filing any action and hearing concerning disputes arising from or relating to the Products or this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflict of law principles. CUSTOMER AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND ROSLAND  CAPITAL (INCLUDING ANY OF ROSLAND CAPITAL'S CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SCOPE OR APPLICABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE KEPT IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION HEARING, WILL BE LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, TO ENFORCE THIS SECTION. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT IT WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN THE BASIC ARBITRATION COSTS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATION FEES AND THE FEES OF THE ARBITRATOR(S). EACH PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS FEES RELATED TO THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.14.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY AGREES TO HAVE ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT DECIDED BY ARBITRATION AND IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES DETERMINED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR BY A JURY. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS SIMILARLY WAIVING ITS RIGHTS TO APPEAL, UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN.14.8 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs to Compel Arbitration. IN THE EVENT (1) CUSTOMER REFUSES TO ARBITRATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT BY COMMENCING ANY ACTION AGAINST ROSLAND CAPITAL IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURT, OR OTHERWISE, AND (2) ROSLAND CAPITAL OBTAINS ANY RELIEF WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM A PETITION OR MOTION (OR LIKE PROCEDURAL MECHANISM) TO COMPEL ARBITRATION, THEN CUSTOMER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF ROSLAND CAPITAL’S REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL’S EFFORTS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.14.9 Waiver of Class Action. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT CUSTOMER MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE. ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE ASSERTED INDIVIDUALLY.14.10 One Year Limit to Bring Claims. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CUSTOMER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE CALENDAR YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES, OR FOREVER BE BARRED. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, CUSTOMER MIGHT HAVE A LONGER TIME PERIOD TO INITIATE A CLAIM UNDER STATE OR FEDERAL LAW.14.11 Limitation on Damages. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY BRINGING AN ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY ACTUAL CONTRACT DAMAGES AND TORT DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE PARTY AND PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY AND RESULTING FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S ALLEGED BREACH, AND IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.  THIS SECTION STATES THE EXCLUSIVE DAMAGE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER.14.12 The terms and provisions in this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.14.13 No failure or delay by Rosland Capital in exercising any of its rights, powers, or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy. No waiver or modification of any term of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.14.14 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and delivered by facsimile transmission, each copy of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.14.15 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, and agreements between the parties.
Download / View Print-Friendly PDF 




1Print Customer AgreementDOWNLOAD 


2Read and Sign Customer Agreement 


3Mail to Rosland Capital 11766 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1200Los Angeles, CA 90025





Close


















Gold and Silver Precious Metals IRA | Rosland Capital
































Search Rosland Capital





GO





US NATIONAL DEBT

Loading...












Put a gold-backed IRA in your golden retirement
Worried about protecting your hard-earned financial assets?
                        Here’s a solution: a gold-backed IRA, or a precious metals-backed IRA, is a self-
                        directed IRA that holds precious metals.



Get Your Free Precious Metals IRA Kit!*
Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility












(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming






*By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above
                                    and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.


















Submit













Add Stability to Your Retirement Mix

					Including gold and other precious metals in your portfolio lowers your risk by diversifying from paper assets,
                        thus hedging against the economy and inflation. Through turbulent times, such as an economic downturn,
					gold and other precious metals retain value and are trusted to strengthen and secure wealth, where paper
                        assets may not.
				

					The IRS regulates and controls the products that can be added to your precious metals-backed IRA. That’s why it’s important to choose an industry authority like
                        Rosland Capital, so you know you are working with professionals and have access to excellent IRA-eligible products.
				

Contact us today to discuss gold-backed IRAs or check out what customers have had to say in their Rosland Capital Reviews.
				





               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your self-directed precious metal-backed IRA options.
		




Is a Gold or Silver IRA Right for You?


						Gold and silver IRAs are becoming more and more common these days. Whether it's because the most recent
                           recession has inspired Americans to seek out more diverse types of retirement funds, or simply because
                           families want more protection for their money, there is a lot of buzz surrounding precious metal-backed
                           retirement accounts today.
					

						Whatever your reason for looking into an IRA backed by precious metals might be, it’s always a good idea
                           to gather as much information as possible so that when the time comes to make a change or an upgrade,
                           you feel comfortable doing so.
					



What are Gold and Silver IRAs?

					When you back an IRA with either gold or silver (or both), you are making the decision to protect your
                       retirement funds against the types of fluctuations in the market that could have disastrous implications
                       on your overall portfolio. A precious metals IRA is a self-directed, government-approved retirement
                       account backed by physical gold, silver or other metals, such as platinum or palladium.
				





               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your self-directed precious metal-backed IRA options.
		




The National Economy and Your IRA






							In many cases, gold and silver can provide a better chance of financial security than other types of IRAs. The answer is pretty simple.
						

							Conventional IRAs are often heavy with stocks and bonds. In previous eras, when the national economy was more robust and stable, this method proved to be successful.
						

							But today these paper assets are becoming too risky for many people, especially after events like the Great Recession, which led to many people's retirement accounts being significantly reduced over a very short period of time.
						

							Backing your IRA with precious metals like gold and silver can provide more protection against these threats by diversifying your portfolio, as well as helping to safeguard your money from inflation, economic fluctuation and unfavorable legislative policies.
						







               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your self-directed precious metal-backed IRA options.
		




Gold and Silver IRAs - How Can They Protect Your Nest Egg?

					Gold and silver IRAs offer a unique alternative to conventional retirement plans by enabling you to add precious metals, including gold coins,
                       silver, platinum and palladium, in addition to more traditional types of investments, such as mutual funds.
				

					These Precious Metals IRAs have become increasingly popular in recent years as more uncertainty grows around the health of the global economy. By adding gold and silver to your retirement account,
                       you can help shield your money from future economic turmoil and have peace of mind about your buying power in retirement.
				

					How exactly can gold and silver IRAs provide this unique level of protection? Let's look at some of their key benefits.
				
Benefits of Gold and Silver IRAs


Diversification

							We can't stress this enough: diversification is crucial to every person's portfolio, especially when it comes to retirement savings. Gold and silver IRAs allow you to hold assets that are rarely
                               found in employer-sponsored 401(k)s and conventional IRAs. This means you can greatly diversify your holdings, rather than keeping all your eggs in one "paper" basket.
						
Protection against the volatile stock market

							When the stock market tumbles, even the so-called "safest" mutual funds and bonds can take a hit, and retirement accounts can suffer greatly. If it happens to you right before retirement
                               (as it did to many during the Great Recession), you could be forced to continue working for many years to come. Diversifying your portfolio with precious metals helps protect your
                               retirement money by shielding it from the volatility associated with stocks and other paper assets.
						


Safeguard against the declining dollar

							Many people who buy gold and silver do so as a hedge against inflation and the declining U.S. dollar. As the dollar loses value, Americans essentially lose wealth and purchasing power.
                               If the value continues to shrink, paper-heavy portfolios could be worth a lot less in retirement. On the other hand, the value of precious metals, like gold, tends to increase as the dollar drops.
                               By placing precious metals in an IRA, you can thus preserve your buying power and safeguard your money from the effects of inflation.
						
Tax benefits

							Keep in mind that a Precious Metals IRA comes with the same tax benefits as a conventional IRA. The biggest difference is that you can maintain those tax benefits while experiencing all the
                               other benefits of purchasing precious metals.
						
Growth Potential

							Aside from the security, many people purchase gold and silver specifically for their growth potential, which isn't affected by the same forces as those in the stock market. As finite resources,
                               gold and silver have inherent value and an ever-increasing global demand.
						







               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your gold IRA options.
		




Setting Up Your New Precious Metals IRA Account


						Here’s the best news of all: you can easily rollover an existing IRA to an IRA backed with gold and silver.
                           This means that you don’t need to make another initial deposit to get the ball rolling.
					

						What you do need to find is a precious metals professional to work with. Obviously, there’s no shortage of firms advertising their experience, expertise and proven track record. Without any sort
                           of verification or third party certificates, these promises are just words.
					

						At Rosland Capital, we can offer more than just promises. Our A+ rating from the prestigious Better Business Bureau is just one of many accolades that confirm our proven track record
                           and commitment to our customers.
					

						Working with a precious metals representative from Rosland Capital can help make the transition into the world of precious metals backed IRAs simple, easy and, above all, comfortable.
                           Our knowledgeable associates aren’t just experts in the field, they’re also more than willing to provide world-class customer service.
					



How to Get Started


1



							A Rosland Capital representative will explain to you how a Gold and Precious Metals IRA works, so you can decide if the option is right for you.
						


2



							If you decide that an IRA fits your needs, the representative will send you the necessary forms from Equity International,
                               the IRA administrators, together with Rosland Capital's own customer agreement.
						


3



							After you have signed and completed the required forms, your Rosland Capital representative will create an account for you and
                               discuss various options for your IRA, including which coins qualify for inclusion.
						


4



							After Equity receives funding, either directly from you or via transfer of an existing IRA, your Rosland Capital
                               representative arranges for the precious metals to be moved directly to the depository in Delaware, where each
                               IRA-holder's gold is kept in separate, secure storage.
						


5



							You will then be a client of Equity Institutional, and will pay the
                               appropriate fees for administration and storage.
						


6



							When you reach 70.5 years of age and must take distributions, then you may choose to take distributions in physical gold,
                               provided the IRA contains precious metals of the appropriate value.
						







               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your gold IRA options.
		




Required Minimum Distribution Calculator



							If you're age 70½ or over and have a Traditional, Rollover, SEP, or SIMPLE IRA, you're required by law to take the Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) annually. Use our RMD Calculator
                               to estimate your annual distributions.
						












							These calculations are estimates only, are made available to you as a self-help general educational
                               and informational tool for your independent use, and are not intended as a substitute for personalized tax,
                               legal or investment advice. Rosland Capital cannot and does not guarantee their applicability or accuracy in regard to your
                               individual circumstances. Tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to change, which can materially impact results. Rosland Capital cannot guarantee that the information
                               herein is accurate, complete, current or timely. Rosland Capital makes no representations with regard to such information or the results obtained by its use, is not responsible
                               for any human or mechanical errors or omissions and disclaims any liability arising out of your use of, or any tax position taken in reliance on, such information. Rosland Capital
                               is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the information you provide. Rosland Capital encourages you to consult with your tax advisor, financial planner or custodian
                               to seek such personalized advice regarding all personal finance issues.
						



							The statements made on this website are opinions, not facts, and past performance is no indication of future performance
                               or returns. Precious metals, like all investments, carry capital risk. Precious metals and coins may appreciate, depreciate, or stay
                               the same depending on a variety of factors. Rosland Capital cannot guarantee, and makes no representation, that any metals purchased will appreciate
                               at all or appreciate sufficiently to make customers a profit. The decision to purchase or sell precious metals, and which precious metals to purchase or sell, are the
                               customer’s decisions alone, and purchases and sales should be made subject to the customer’s own research, prudence and judgment.
						







               Call 
			1-800-375-0333 to discuss your gold IRA options.
		








Customer Agreement




 In order to finish processing, please submit a physical copy of this signed customer agreement along with your payment.


	This Customer Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Rosland Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a principal place of business located at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 ("Rosland Capital"), and the person(s) or entity identified on the signature page hereof ("Customer") for the purchase, sale and delivery of precious metals, coins and other products offered by Rosland Capital (collectively, the "Products"). The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all transactions between Customer and Rosland Capital. Download PDF
1. Purchases and Payments.
	1.1 Customer may place an order (each, a "Purchase Order") with a Rosland Capital representative (each, a "Rosland Capital Representative") by telephone for the purchase, sale and delivery of Products which shall have the same effect as if the Purchase Order was made in writing. Customer's Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative to ensure the details of the Purchase Order are correct and will include the price, quantity, method of payment and delivery and other material terms of the Purchase Order. Purchase Orders for bullion cannot be accepted prior to Rosland’s receipt of good funds, and after receipt of such funds the final terms of the Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative.

	1.2 Rosland Capital will send Customer a written confirmation of each Purchase Order (the "Confirmation") at the address provided by Customer to Rosland Capital. The amount due under the Purchase Order (the "Purchase Price") shall be due and payable in full to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving proof, semi-numismatic, numismatic or premium coins, and on or before the date of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving bullion (in either case, the "Payment Period"). Failure to pay the Purchase Price within the Payment Period shall constitute a default by Customer. Upon such default, Rosland Capital will be relieved of all its obligations under the Purchase Order and may recover from Customer the difference between the Purchase Price agreed to by Customer for the Products and Rosland Capital's actual resale price for the Products at the time of default, up to four percent (4%) of the Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 1.1 and 1.2, purchases made on-line at www.RoslandCapital.com shall be subject to the payment provisions set forth on-line by Rosland Capital from time to time.
	1.3 Customer agrees to pay the Purchase Price by personal check, credit card or bank wire (except that any payments for bullion shall be made by check or bank wire only). The Purchase Price specified in a Purchase Order shall include, without limitation, all shipping, handling, storage, delivery, taxes, assessments and other fees imposed on transactions involving the Products. All amounts stated in a Purchase Order are in U.S. Dollars and all payments made by Customer to Rosland Capital under a Purchase Order shall be made in the U.S. and in U.S. Dollars.
2. Delivery. Rosland Capital shall ship the Products to Customer, or Customer’s appointed agent or designee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase Order, within fourteen (14) business days (or such lesser period as required by law) of Rosland Capital’s actual receipt of the full Purchase Price from Customer. Title to the Products purchased by Customer and risk of loss thereto shall pass to Customer upon Customer’s, or Customer’s appointed agent's or designee's, actual receipt of the Products. Customer shall be responsible for all shipping and handling charges incurred in connection with the delivery of the Products and Customer acknowledges that shipping and handling charges will vary depending on the weight, value, destination and method of shipment of the Products.
  
3. Buy-Back Policy and Customer Service. If in the future you decide that you would like to sell any precious metal or coin products purchased from Rosland Capital, as a service to our customers, Rosland Capital will provide you the opportunity to sell such products back to us at the current market value determined by Rosland Capital for such products on the day the sale to us is completed. You are, of course, free to sell to others, but we believe that you may receive a higher net price by selling to Rosland Capital because we are familiar with the products we have sold you, and do not charge any additional fees or commissions when making such purchases. Due to market conditions and other factors, you may receive less than what you originally paid. Rosland Capital will make payment for any purchased Product within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the Products from Customer.Our buy-back policy is a voluntary service to our customers and is subject to withdrawal or change without notice. We may also purchase products not originally sold by Rosland Capital; however, such purchases are subject to additional fees and/or commissions at current market rates.Rosland Capital maintains a dedicated customer service department that handles all customer services, including liquidation requests, refund requests and complaints. Rosland Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer can be reached by phone at (800) 967-5151 or by email at services@RoslandCapital.com.
 
4. Refunds and Returns. Rosland Capital provides Customer the right to receive a full refund of the Purchase Price for the return of undamaged and unused Products; provided, however, that Rosland Capital receives written notice of Customer's intention to return the Products within seven (7) days after the date that Customer receives the Products, and provided, further, that such Products are returned to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days following receipt by Rosland Capital of notice of cancellation from Customer. Customer’s “receipt” of the Products is deemed to occur at the earliest of: (a) the date that Customer receives actual possession of the Products or (b) the date that Customer receives written confirmation from Rosland Capital that the Products have been deposited on Customer’s behalf in an independent depository. Rosland Capital shall, upon written notice of cancellation and receipt of the Products in the same condition as delivered, issue a full refund of the Purchase Price to Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of Rosland Capital's receipt of the returned Products from Customer.
 
5. Classifications. Rosland Capital's classification of a particular Product as bullion, numismatic, semi-numismatic or premium expresses Rosland Capital's opinion and other precious metal dealers or investors may classify the same Product differently. The classification of a particular Product depends on a number of objective and subjective factors and any classification may change over time. Rosland Capital's spread and prices are based on Rosland Capital's classification determinations. Bullion may be in bar or coin form, and its value primarily depends on its precious metal content. Its value fluctuates with the “spot price” of the precious metal, which is its current market price. Numismatic coins (including proof coins) are coins whose value primarily depends on factors such as demand, scarcity, dates, condition and grades, and less so on precious metal content. Semi-numismatic coins are coins that have some bullion value and thus their value may fluctuate with the spot price of the precious metal they contain, as well as other factors such as supply and demand. Premium coins include numismatic and semi-numismatic coins, as well as proof coins and Exclusive Specialty coins of limited mintage, whose value derives from their quality and limited supply, as well as their precious metal content. Exclusive Specialty coins are typically of high quality, limited mintage, high precious metal content and often from a branded or other unique source; Rosland Capital determines which products are designated Exclusive Specialty coins based upon the foregoing factors. Precious metals that have lower precious metal content, which may include some numismatics, will have a lower “melt value”, which is determined by multiplying the precious metal content of a coin or bar by its spot price. For example, if the spot price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, a coin containing one ounce of gold has a melt value of $1,000.6. Spread. The difference between the Purchase Price Customer pays for Products under a Purchase Order and the price that Rosland Capital actually pays for the Products purchased by Customer under such Purchase Order is known as the "spread" and it is stated as a percentage of the Purchase Price paid by the Customer.  Spreads charged to Customer under a particular transaction may differ significantly from spreads charged to other customers in similar transactions or spreads charged to Customer in other transactions. The spread on Rosland Capital's premium, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins typically ranges between 17% and 33%. The spread on Rosland Capital's bullion typically ranges between 4% and 21%. (For example, if Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a numismatic coin was $300 and included a 20% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $240. If Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a bullion coin was $300 and included a 5% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $285.) The spread on Rosland Capital's IRA (as defined below) transactions typically ranges between 17% and 25%. The foregoing spreads are approximations and the spreads at any time and for any given transaction may be significantly different. Exclusive Specialty coins designated by Rosland Capital are only sold by Rosland Capital from sources and based on designs exclusive to Rosland Capital at prices set by Rosland Capital based on their quality, limited mintage, precious metal content and branded or unique source, without any reference to any “spread,” which does not apply to this classification of coins.
 7. Pricing. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are established by Rosland Capital upon its analysis of each item and may change many times during the day. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are not tied to prices quoted by any other organization and there are no established daily limits on the amount those prices may change. Rosland Capital reserves the right to increase or decrease its prices at its sole discretion at any time. Customer is encouraged to compare Rosland Capital’s prices with those offered by other dealers. 
 8. Taxes. Tax consequences of transactions with Rosland Capital are the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer shall pay to Rosland Capital any sales, use or other tax applicable to transactions involving the Products.
 9. Security. Customer hereby grants Rosland Capital a lien and security interest in the Products in Rosland Capital's possession or control that Customer orders pursuant to a Purchase Order as collateral for any amounts owed by Customer to Rosland Capital under this Agreement, any Purchase Order or otherwise. Customer agrees to execute such additional documents as may be necessary to perfect or evidence this security interest.
 
10. Electronic Recordation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Rosland Capital may choose, in its sole discretion, to monitor or record Customer's telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by Rosland Capital in writing, Rosland Capital does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative by Customer or any third party. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital will not record all telephone conversations and that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone conversation will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.
  
11. Customer Representations. Customer hereby represents to Rosland Capital that (i) Customer is of legal age and capacity and has the requisite powers, authority, and rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) Customer is not a party, and will not become a party, to any agree­ment, obligation, or understanding that is inconsistent with this Agreement or mightlimit or impair Customer's performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Customer is an experienced investor who understands the risks and obligations involved under this Agreement; and (iv) Customer's transactions under this Agreement shall be for investment or other commercial purposes and not for any personal, family, household or other consumer purposes.
 
12. Acknowledgements.12.1 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital is a dealer in precious metals, coins and other related products. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is not an exchange or brokerage house or a financial or investment advisor and that neither Rosland Capital nor any Rosland Capital Representative acts as an agent or fiduciary for any of Rosland Capital's Customers.12.2 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products involve substantial risks. Market prices are volatile and unpredictable and may be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, political events, mon­etary policies of various countries, and fluctuations in production and demand. It is impossible to forecast accurately how or to what degree the foregoing or other factors will affect market prices. What is suitable for one customer with a given financial means may not be suitable for other customers with the same financial means.12.3 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products are speculative and volatile, and prices may rise and fall over time. Customer acknowledges that profit can only be made if prices for the Products rise in an amount over the Purchase Price paid by Customer for the Products and that Customer may still incur a loss despite favorable price movements.12.4 Customer acknowledges that Customer is financially and emotionally able to enter into transactions which are contemplated by this Agreement and is sensitive to and able to accept the risks and to meet the financial commitments being made under this Agreement.  12.5 Customer acknowledges that grades and descriptions of Products are opinions and not statements of fact, and are based on standards and interpretations that change over time. Rosland Capital uses contemporary grading standards and inter­pretations to grade its Products or relies upon the opinions of third party grading services such as Numismatic Guaranty Corporation and Professional Coin Grading Service. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that its Products will achieve the same grades from any third party grading service in the future.12.6 Customer acknowledges that Customer is responsible for all purchases made on Customer's account. If Customer believes that a Purchase Order has been entered into for Customer's account without Customer's authorization, Customer shall immedi­ately notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department at: compliance@RoslandCapital.com. Similarly, if Customer believes that any Rosland Capital Representative has made a verbal or written representation that is inconsistent with the terms or risks set forth herein or is unprofessional or offensive in nature, Customer will notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department immediately. Customer further acknowledges that if Customer fails to make the required notification within ten (10) business days following the date on which the event first became known to Customer, Customer waives all rights to contest such mat­ter.12.7 Rosland Capital Representatives may from time to time discuss the general direction of various financial markets. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives cannot guarantee any market movement. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives are not licensed as investment advisors and are not making any specific recommendations concerning any forms of investment. Rosland Capital and the Rosland Capital Representatives are not agents for Customer, have different financial interests and incentives from Customer and owe no fiduciary duty to Customer. Rosland Capital Representatives are commissioned salespersons whose commissions are greatest on numismatic, semi-numismatic and premium items and least on bullion. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital believes precious metals and coins are appropriate for 5% to 20% of a portfolio, although certain individuals or organizations might recommend a different percentage. Customer agrees to independently determine what percentage is appropriate for Customer based upon Customer’s individual circumstance. 12.8 Customer acknowledges that Customer has conducted and will conduct Customer's own research and analysis regarding the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital and Customer will not rely upon any statements made by a Rosland Capital Representative concerning the future value of the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital. Rosland Capital does not provide investment or financial advice. Customer acknowledges that precious metals and coins do not earn interest or current income.12.9 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the 1930’s gold recall by the Government is as follows: “In 1933, the U.S. Government, by Executive Order, prohibited the private ownership of certain quantities of gold bars and coins.  There were several exceptions to this ban, including allowing people to own “gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins.”  At the time the United States was on the gold standard.  Since 1971 the United States has not been on the gold standard.  The Executive Order prohibiting private ownership was repealed in 1974.  Currently, there are no restrictions on gold ownership, and the ability of the U.S. Government to recall gold is limited to times of war and requires action by the President or Congress.  No one can say with certainty if or how the U.S. Government might prohibit ownership of gold in the future, or whether any particular gold product might be exempt from any future prohibitions.”12.10 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the reportability of precious metals is as follows: “Many of our customers are concerned about personal privacy or disclosing that they own precious metals.  Accordingly, they often choose to purchase precious metals that do not require disclosure of personal information such as name, address and social security number when they sell such precious metals. Currently, certain bullion, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins do not require disclosure of such personal information when a customer sells them.”12.11 Customer acknowledges that Customer has read Rosland Capital’s brochure, which provides additional information about the risks of buying and selling precious metals and coins. This brochure is updated period­ically and it is Customer's responsibility to remain up to date by requesting a copy of the most recent version at Rosland Capital's website, www.RoslandCapital.com.12.12 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital may provide information about companies which provide trustee and custodian services for Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA) as a convenience to its customers.  Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is independent from and not affiliated with any of the companies which may provide those services. It is Customer's responsibility to independently select the IRA service company suitable for Customer. Rosland Capital shall have no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from Customer's dealings with any IRA service company.13. DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.13.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ROSLAND CAPITAL PROVIDES THE PRODUCTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ROSLAND CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FUTURE VALUE, OTHER THAN THOSE MADE EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY.13.2 EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION ON WHICH THEY ARE BASED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.13.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.
	 

	14.  Miscellaneous/Arbitration.14.1 Customer expressly authorizes Rosland Capital to contact Customer at the telephone numbers provided in this Agreement regardless of whether these numbers are listed on any state or federal Do Not Call list. If Customer requests that Rosland Capital no longer contact Customer, Rosland Capital will promptly place Customer on Rosland Capital's Do Not Call list.14.2 In no event will Rosland Capital be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if and to the extent such default or delay is caused by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God; wars, terrorist acts, site-specific terrorist threats, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions; strikes, lockouts or labor disputes;governmental actions, suspensions of commodity exchanges, the failure or delay of Rosland Capital's suppliers; or the failure or disruption of the Internet, including but not limited to any failure, error or disruption involving any third party Internet service providers or Rosland Capital’s own internal computer systems; or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of Rosland Capital.14.3 Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Rosland Capital's written consent. Rosland Capital may freely assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Customer.14.4 All communications shall be sent to Rosland Capital at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 and to Customer at the address set forth above or such other address subsequently provided to Rosland Capital by Customer in writing. All communications given by Rosland Capital to Customer by mail shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier; if hand delivered, when delivered to Customer's address; if telephonic, at the time of such phone conversation or facsimile transmission; or if by email, on the day of such transmission.14.5 Customer will notify Rosland Capital promptly of the death of any signer on a Rosland Capital account by providing a certified death certificate. Upon proof of death, Rosland Capital will recognize the account as the sole property of the estate or lawful heirs, as substantiated in documents provided to Rosland Capital. Customer agrees to hold Rosland Capital harmless and defend against any loss, liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any action taken by Rosland Capital in reliance upon the foregoing. Rosland Capital may require such additional consents, documents or other papers in order to substantiate ownership of accounts and may retain account balances until it is reasonably satisfied of the ownership of such account and the persons authorized to take action with respect thereto.14.6 Governing Law; Arbitration. The formation of this Agreement constitutes the making of this contract within Los Angeles County, California, regardless of the manner, timing or location of delivery or receipt of acceptance of this Agreement. The parties agree that Los Angeles County, California is the exclusive venue for filing any action and hearing concerning disputes arising from or relating to the Products or this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflict of law principles. CUSTOMER AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND ROSLAND  CAPITAL (INCLUDING ANY OF ROSLAND CAPITAL'S CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SCOPE OR APPLICABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE KEPT IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION HEARING, WILL BE LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, TO ENFORCE THIS SECTION. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT IT WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN THE BASIC ARBITRATION COSTS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATION FEES AND THE FEES OF THE ARBITRATOR(S). EACH PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS FEES RELATED TO THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.14.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY AGREES TO HAVE ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT DECIDED BY ARBITRATION AND IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES DETERMINED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR BY A JURY. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS SIMILARLY WAIVING ITS RIGHTS TO APPEAL, UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN.14.8 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs to Compel Arbitration. IN THE EVENT (1) CUSTOMER REFUSES TO ARBITRATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT BY COMMENCING ANY ACTION AGAINST ROSLAND CAPITAL IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURT, OR OTHERWISE, AND (2) ROSLAND CAPITAL OBTAINS ANY RELIEF WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM A PETITION OR MOTION (OR LIKE PROCEDURAL MECHANISM) TO COMPEL ARBITRATION, THEN CUSTOMER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF ROSLAND CAPITAL’S REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL’S EFFORTS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.14.9 Waiver of Class Action. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT CUSTOMER MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE. ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE ASSERTED INDIVIDUALLY.14.10 One Year Limit to Bring Claims. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CUSTOMER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE CALENDAR YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES, OR FOREVER BE BARRED. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, CUSTOMER MIGHT HAVE A LONGER TIME PERIOD TO INITIATE A CLAIM UNDER STATE OR FEDERAL LAW.14.11 Limitation on Damages. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY BRINGING AN ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY ACTUAL CONTRACT DAMAGES AND TORT DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE PARTY AND PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY AND RESULTING FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S ALLEGED BREACH, AND IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.  THIS SECTION STATES THE EXCLUSIVE DAMAGE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER.14.12 The terms and provisions in this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.14.13 No failure or delay by Rosland Capital in exercising any of its rights, powers, or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy. No waiver or modification of any term of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.14.14 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and delivered by facsimile transmission, each copy of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.14.15 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, and agreements between the parties.
Download / View Print-Friendly PDF 




1Print Customer AgreementDOWNLOAD 


2Read and Sign Customer Agreement 


3Mail to Rosland Capital 11766 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1200Los Angeles, CA 90025





Close


















Buy Gold Coins & Gold Bars | Rosland Capital



































Search Rosland Capital





GO





US NATIONAL DEBT

Loading...











Home

 
Products

 
Gold


 



Add gold coins to your collection or portfolio.

Rosland Capital offers an exciting selection of beautiful gold bullion coins, with many eligible for precious metals-backed IRAs. If you are looking for asset portfolio diversity, we can help you get your hands on gold coins such as the South African Krugerrand, Canadian Gold Maple Leaf, American Gold Eagle and American Gold Buffalo. 
Explore our collection of beautiful, premium numismatic gold coins. These premium items are known for their intricate and breathtaking designs, with the Saint-Gaudens Double Eagle being perhaps the best example. Rosland Capital also has coins like the American Indian Head and Liberty Head coins in multiple denominations. 


Talk to a representative by calling 1-800-375-0333



*Coin images not to scale







Ayrton Senna 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Each 2.5 oz gold coin is offered in a handsome presentation case along w...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Ayrton Senna 30-oz Gold Coin
As a special tribute to Mr Senna’s achievement in winning six times at M...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










2016 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
Features all 21 F1® Grand Prix Circ...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












2017 Formula 1® 2.5-oz Gold Coin
The beautifully crafted commemorative gold coin lists all the 2017 seaso...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










BRITISH GRAND PRIX ™ 1/4-oz Gold Coin

	The FORMULA 1® BRITISH GRAND PRIX™ has a rich histor...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










GRAN PREMIO D'ITALIA™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted GRAN PREMIO D'ITALIA™ coins featur...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX™ coins feature...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










GRANDE PRÊMIO DO BRASIL™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted GRANDE PRÊMIO DO BRASIL™ coins feature...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 1/4-oz. Gold Coin

	Our beautifully crafted ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ coins feature the...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 5-oz. Gold Coin
These limited edition 5oz 999.9 fine gold coins celebrate the ABU DHABI...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










ABU DHABI GRAND PRIX™ 5 kilo Gold Coin
Few people have ever seen a 5 kilo 999.9 fine gold coin, and far f...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










2016 Formula 1 ® Kilo Gold Coin
The Kilo gold coin lists the worldwide races of the 2016 Formula One cal...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












Lady Liberty Gold Coin Series
The Lady Liberty coin series is minted by world-renowned, Swiss-based PA...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$20 Liberty Gold Coin
The $20 Liberty Gold Coin, designed by Chief Engraver of the U.S. Mint J...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$10 Liberty Gold Coin
The $10 Liberty Gold Coin is also called the Coronet, named after the si...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












$5 Liberty Gold Coin
Authorized by Congress in 1792, the $5 Liberty Gold Coin was the first c...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$2.50 Liberty Gold Coin
Wanting uniformity among gold coins, U.S. Mint Chief Engraver Christian...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










American Buffalo Gold Coin
Based on James Earle Fraser’s sculpture of the iconic Buffalo Nickel of...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












American Eagle Gold Coin
Congressionally authorized and introduced in 1986, American Eagle Gold b...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Austrian Philharmonic Gold Coin
The Austrian Gold Philharmonic coin led worldwide gold coin sales in 199...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










South African Krugerrand Gold Coin
The South African Krugerrand, first minted in 1967 to market South Afric...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












American Eagle Gold Proof
The American Eagle Gold proof is a collectible version of the popular Am...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$10 Indian Head Gold Coin
Most presidents are no doubt delighted to receive the inaugural medal gi...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










$20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
The $20 Saint-Gaudens is one of the most beautiful and most sought-after...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












$5 Indian Head Gold Coin
On advice from a friend, President Theodore Roosevelt chose Boston sculp...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1899 Graded $10 Liberty Gold Coin 
The 1899 $10 Liberty Gold Coin is also known as the Coronet, after the c...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1900 Graded $10 Liberty Gold Coin 
The 1900 $10 Liberty Gold Coin, also known as the Coronet, owes its name...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












1912 Graded $10 Indian Head Gold Coin
Upon President Theodore Roosevelt’s inauguration, he was dissatisfied wi...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1922 Graded $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
The $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin is one of the most highly sought-after,...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










1923 Graded $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
One of the most beautiful and desired coins in the world is the $20 Sain...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












1927 Graded $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin
The $20 Saint-Gaudens Gold Coin is one of the most highly desired coins...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Sovereign Gold Coin
The Sovereign is a gold coin of the United Kingdom. It has a nominal val...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 










Gold Britannia Coin
The 1 oz Britannia coins are British bullion coins issued by the Royal M...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 












Gold Bullion Bars
Gold bars have captivated people throughout history. The earliest types...

Call for Price & Availability






×Close


Start Protecting Your Wealth Today!*
A precious metals specialist will contact you to discuss securing your wealth with gold and silver.




















(Region / State)AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming








Choose from the options below:

 Free Gold Guide: 

Learn about the difference between numismatic and bullion coins and decide which option is best for you.

 Free Precious Metals IRA: 

Learn why a Precious Metals IRA from Rosland Capital can help protect your savings from market volatility.

 Free Silver Guide: 

Learn how to protect your wealth in these uncertain times with remarkable silver coins.
By submitting this request you confirm that Rosland Capital may send you the free information checked above and that you are expressly authorizing Rosland Capital to contact you at the telephone.
SUBMIT

















 
 















Customer Agreement




 In order to finish processing, please submit a physical copy of this signed customer agreement along with your payment.


	This Customer Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Rosland Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with a principal place of business located at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 ("Rosland Capital"), and the person(s) or entity identified on the signature page hereof ("Customer") for the purchase, sale and delivery of precious metals, coins and other products offered by Rosland Capital (collectively, the "Products"). The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to all transactions between Customer and Rosland Capital. Download PDF
1. Purchases and Payments.
	1.1 Customer may place an order (each, a "Purchase Order") with a Rosland Capital representative (each, a "Rosland Capital Representative") by telephone for the purchase, sale and delivery of Products which shall have the same effect as if the Purchase Order was made in writing. Customer's Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative to ensure the details of the Purchase Order are correct and will include the price, quantity, method of payment and delivery and other material terms of the Purchase Order. Purchase Orders for bullion cannot be accepted prior to Rosland’s receipt of good funds, and after receipt of such funds the final terms of the Purchase Order will be confirmed during a recorded confirmation with a Rosland Capital Representative.

	1.2 Rosland Capital will send Customer a written confirmation of each Purchase Order (the "Confirmation") at the address provided by Customer to Rosland Capital. The amount due under the Purchase Order (the "Purchase Price") shall be due and payable in full to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving proof, semi-numismatic, numismatic or premium coins, and on or before the date of the recorded Confirmation, in the case of a transaction involving bullion (in either case, the "Payment Period"). Failure to pay the Purchase Price within the Payment Period shall constitute a default by Customer. Upon such default, Rosland Capital will be relieved of all its obligations under the Purchase Order and may recover from Customer the difference between the Purchase Price agreed to by Customer for the Products and Rosland Capital's actual resale price for the Products at the time of default, up to four percent (4%) of the Purchase Price. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 1.1 and 1.2, purchases made on-line at www.RoslandCapital.com shall be subject to the payment provisions set forth on-line by Rosland Capital from time to time.
	1.3 Customer agrees to pay the Purchase Price by personal check, credit card or bank wire (except that any payments for bullion shall be made by check or bank wire only). The Purchase Price specified in a Purchase Order shall include, without limitation, all shipping, handling, storage, delivery, taxes, assessments and other fees imposed on transactions involving the Products. All amounts stated in a Purchase Order are in U.S. Dollars and all payments made by Customer to Rosland Capital under a Purchase Order shall be made in the U.S. and in U.S. Dollars.
2. Delivery. Rosland Capital shall ship the Products to Customer, or Customer’s appointed agent or designee, in accordance with the terms of the applicable Purchase Order, within fourteen (14) business days (or such lesser period as required by law) of Rosland Capital’s actual receipt of the full Purchase Price from Customer. Title to the Products purchased by Customer and risk of loss thereto shall pass to Customer upon Customer’s, or Customer’s appointed agent's or designee's, actual receipt of the Products. Customer shall be responsible for all shipping and handling charges incurred in connection with the delivery of the Products and Customer acknowledges that shipping and handling charges will vary depending on the weight, value, destination and method of shipment of the Products.
  
3. Buy-Back Policy and Customer Service. If in the future you decide that you would like to sell any precious metal or coin products purchased from Rosland Capital, as a service to our customers, Rosland Capital will provide you the opportunity to sell such products back to us at the current market value determined by Rosland Capital for such products on the day the sale to us is completed. You are, of course, free to sell to others, but we believe that you may receive a higher net price by selling to Rosland Capital because we are familiar with the products we have sold you, and do not charge any additional fees or commissions when making such purchases. Due to market conditions and other factors, you may receive less than what you originally paid. Rosland Capital will make payment for any purchased Product within sixty (60) days of the date of receipt of the Products from Customer.Our buy-back policy is a voluntary service to our customers and is subject to withdrawal or change without notice. We may also purchase products not originally sold by Rosland Capital; however, such purchases are subject to additional fees and/or commissions at current market rates.Rosland Capital maintains a dedicated customer service department that handles all customer services, including liquidation requests, refund requests and complaints. Rosland Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer can be reached by phone at (800) 967-5151 or by email at services@RoslandCapital.com.
 
4. Refunds and Returns. Rosland Capital provides Customer the right to receive a full refund of the Purchase Price for the return of undamaged and unused Products; provided, however, that Rosland Capital receives written notice of Customer's intention to return the Products within seven (7) days after the date that Customer receives the Products, and provided, further, that such Products are returned to Rosland Capital within ten (10) business days following receipt by Rosland Capital of notice of cancellation from Customer. Customer’s “receipt” of the Products is deemed to occur at the earliest of: (a) the date that Customer receives actual possession of the Products or (b) the date that Customer receives written confirmation from Rosland Capital that the Products have been deposited on Customer’s behalf in an independent depository. Rosland Capital shall, upon written notice of cancellation and receipt of the Products in the same condition as delivered, issue a full refund of the Purchase Price to Customer within thirty (30) days of the date of Rosland Capital's receipt of the returned Products from Customer.
 
5. Classifications. Rosland Capital's classification of a particular Product as bullion, numismatic, semi-numismatic or premium expresses Rosland Capital's opinion and other precious metal dealers or investors may classify the same Product differently. The classification of a particular Product depends on a number of objective and subjective factors and any classification may change over time. Rosland Capital's spread and prices are based on Rosland Capital's classification determinations. Bullion may be in bar or coin form, and its value primarily depends on its precious metal content. Its value fluctuates with the “spot price” of the precious metal, which is its current market price. Numismatic coins (including proof coins) are coins whose value primarily depends on factors such as demand, scarcity, dates, condition and grades, and less so on precious metal content. Semi-numismatic coins are coins that have some bullion value and thus their value may fluctuate with the spot price of the precious metal they contain, as well as other factors such as supply and demand. Premium coins include numismatic and semi-numismatic coins, as well as proof coins and Exclusive Specialty coins of limited mintage, whose value derives from their quality and limited supply, as well as their precious metal content. Exclusive Specialty coins are typically of high quality, limited mintage, high precious metal content and often from a branded or other unique source; Rosland Capital determines which products are designated Exclusive Specialty coins based upon the foregoing factors. Precious metals that have lower precious metal content, which may include some numismatics, will have a lower “melt value”, which is determined by multiplying the precious metal content of a coin or bar by its spot price. For example, if the spot price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, a coin containing one ounce of gold has a melt value of $1,000.6. Spread. The difference between the Purchase Price Customer pays for Products under a Purchase Order and the price that Rosland Capital actually pays for the Products purchased by Customer under such Purchase Order is known as the "spread" and it is stated as a percentage of the Purchase Price paid by the Customer.  Spreads charged to Customer under a particular transaction may differ significantly from spreads charged to other customers in similar transactions or spreads charged to Customer in other transactions. The spread on Rosland Capital's premium, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins typically ranges between 17% and 33%. The spread on Rosland Capital's bullion typically ranges between 4% and 21%. (For example, if Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a numismatic coin was $300 and included a 20% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $240. If Rosland Capital’s quoted price for a bullion coin was $300 and included a 5% spread, Rosland Capital’s cost for that coin would be $285.) The spread on Rosland Capital's IRA (as defined below) transactions typically ranges between 17% and 25%. The foregoing spreads are approximations and the spreads at any time and for any given transaction may be significantly different. Exclusive Specialty coins designated by Rosland Capital are only sold by Rosland Capital from sources and based on designs exclusive to Rosland Capital at prices set by Rosland Capital based on their quality, limited mintage, precious metal content and branded or unique source, without any reference to any “spread,” which does not apply to this classification of coins.
 7. Pricing. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are established by Rosland Capital upon its analysis of each item and may change many times during the day. The prices quoted by Rosland Capital for the Products are not tied to prices quoted by any other organization and there are no established daily limits on the amount those prices may change. Rosland Capital reserves the right to increase or decrease its prices at its sole discretion at any time. Customer is encouraged to compare Rosland Capital’s prices with those offered by other dealers. 
 8. Taxes. Tax consequences of transactions with Rosland Capital are the sole responsibility of Customer. Customer shall pay to Rosland Capital any sales, use or other tax applicable to transactions involving the Products.
 9. Security. Customer hereby grants Rosland Capital a lien and security interest in the Products in Rosland Capital's possession or control that Customer orders pursuant to a Purchase Order as collateral for any amounts owed by Customer to Rosland Capital under this Agreement, any Purchase Order or otherwise. Customer agrees to execute such additional documents as may be necessary to perfect or evidence this security interest.
 
10. Electronic Recordation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Rosland Capital may choose, in its sole discretion, to monitor or record Customer's telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to by Rosland Capital in writing, Rosland Capital does not consent to the recording of telephone conversations with any Rosland Capital Representative by Customer or any third party. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital will not record all telephone conversations and that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that any recordings of any particular telephone conversation will be retained or are capable of being retrieved.
  
11. Customer Representations. Customer hereby represents to Rosland Capital that (i) Customer is of legal age and capacity and has the requisite powers, authority, and rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) Customer is not a party, and will not become a party, to any agree­ment, obligation, or understanding that is inconsistent with this Agreement or mightlimit or impair Customer's performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Customer is an experienced investor who understands the risks and obligations involved under this Agreement; and (iv) Customer's transactions under this Agreement shall be for investment or other commercial purposes and not for any personal, family, household or other consumer purposes.
 
12. Acknowledgements.12.1 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital is a dealer in precious metals, coins and other related products. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is not an exchange or brokerage house or a financial or investment advisor and that neither Rosland Capital nor any Rosland Capital Representative acts as an agent or fiduciary for any of Rosland Capital's Customers.12.2 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products involve substantial risks. Market prices are volatile and unpredictable and may be affected by a variety of factors, including, without limitation, general economic conditions, political events, mon­etary policies of various countries, and fluctuations in production and demand. It is impossible to forecast accurately how or to what degree the foregoing or other factors will affect market prices. What is suitable for one customer with a given financial means may not be suitable for other customers with the same financial means.12.3 Customer acknowledges that purchases of the Products are speculative and volatile, and prices may rise and fall over time. Customer acknowledges that profit can only be made if prices for the Products rise in an amount over the Purchase Price paid by Customer for the Products and that Customer may still incur a loss despite favorable price movements.12.4 Customer acknowledges that Customer is financially and emotionally able to enter into transactions which are contemplated by this Agreement and is sensitive to and able to accept the risks and to meet the financial commitments being made under this Agreement.  12.5 Customer acknowledges that grades and descriptions of Products are opinions and not statements of fact, and are based on standards and interpretations that change over time. Rosland Capital uses contemporary grading standards and inter­pretations to grade its Products or relies upon the opinions of third party grading services such as Numismatic Guaranty Corporation and Professional Coin Grading Service. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital does not guarantee that its Products will achieve the same grades from any third party grading service in the future.12.6 Customer acknowledges that Customer is responsible for all purchases made on Customer's account. If Customer believes that a Purchase Order has been entered into for Customer's account without Customer's authorization, Customer shall immedi­ately notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department at: compliance@RoslandCapital.com. Similarly, if Customer believes that any Rosland Capital Representative has made a verbal or written representation that is inconsistent with the terms or risks set forth herein or is unprofessional or offensive in nature, Customer will notify Rosland Capital's Compliance Department immediately. Customer further acknowledges that if Customer fails to make the required notification within ten (10) business days following the date on which the event first became known to Customer, Customer waives all rights to contest such mat­ter.12.7 Rosland Capital Representatives may from time to time discuss the general direction of various financial markets. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives cannot guarantee any market movement. Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital Representatives are not licensed as investment advisors and are not making any specific recommendations concerning any forms of investment. Rosland Capital and the Rosland Capital Representatives are not agents for Customer, have different financial interests and incentives from Customer and owe no fiduciary duty to Customer. Rosland Capital Representatives are commissioned salespersons whose commissions are greatest on numismatic, semi-numismatic and premium items and least on bullion. Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital believes precious metals and coins are appropriate for 5% to 20% of a portfolio, although certain individuals or organizations might recommend a different percentage. Customer agrees to independently determine what percentage is appropriate for Customer based upon Customer’s individual circumstance. 12.8 Customer acknowledges that Customer has conducted and will conduct Customer's own research and analysis regarding the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital and Customer will not rely upon any statements made by a Rosland Capital Representative concerning the future value of the Products that Customer may purchase from Rosland Capital. Rosland Capital does not provide investment or financial advice. Customer acknowledges that precious metals and coins do not earn interest or current income.12.9 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the 1930’s gold recall by the Government is as follows: “In 1933, the U.S. Government, by Executive Order, prohibited the private ownership of certain quantities of gold bars and coins.  There were several exceptions to this ban, including allowing people to own “gold coins having a recognized special value to collectors of rare and unusual coins.”  At the time the United States was on the gold standard.  Since 1971 the United States has not been on the gold standard.  The Executive Order prohibiting private ownership was repealed in 1974.  Currently, there are no restrictions on gold ownership, and the ability of the U.S. Government to recall gold is limited to times of war and requires action by the President or Congress.  No one can say with certainty if or how the U.S. Government might prohibit ownership of gold in the future, or whether any particular gold product might be exempt from any future prohibitions.”12.10 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital’s policy with respect to the reportability of precious metals is as follows: “Many of our customers are concerned about personal privacy or disclosing that they own precious metals.  Accordingly, they often choose to purchase precious metals that do not require disclosure of personal information such as name, address and social security number when they sell such precious metals. Currently, certain bullion, semi-numismatic and numismatic coins do not require disclosure of such personal information when a customer sells them.”12.11 Customer acknowledges that Customer has read Rosland Capital’s brochure, which provides additional information about the risks of buying and selling precious metals and coins. This brochure is updated period­ically and it is Customer's responsibility to remain up to date by requesting a copy of the most recent version at Rosland Capital's website, www.RoslandCapital.com.12.12 Customer acknowledges that Rosland Capital may provide information about companies which provide trustee and custodian services for Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRA) as a convenience to its customers.  Customer further acknowledges that Rosland Capital is independent from and not affiliated with any of the companies which may provide those services. It is Customer's responsibility to independently select the IRA service company suitable for Customer. Rosland Capital shall have no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage resulting from Customer's dealings with any IRA service company.13. DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.13.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. ROSLAND CAPITAL PROVIDES THE PRODUCTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. ROSLAND CAPITAL MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FUTURE VALUE, OTHER THAN THOSE MADE EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY.13.2 EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATING TO LOST PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION ON WHICH THEY ARE BASED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.13.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.
	 

	14.  Miscellaneous/Arbitration.14.1 Customer expressly authorizes Rosland Capital to contact Customer at the telephone numbers provided in this Agreement regardless of whether these numbers are listed on any state or federal Do Not Call list. If Customer requests that Rosland Capital no longer contact Customer, Rosland Capital will promptly place Customer on Rosland Capital's Do Not Call list.14.2 In no event will Rosland Capital be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if and to the extent such default or delay is caused by fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God; wars, terrorist acts, site-specific terrorist threats, riots, civil disorders, rebellions or revolutions; strikes, lockouts or labor disputes;governmental actions, suspensions of commodity exchanges, the failure or delay of Rosland Capital's suppliers; or the failure or disruption of the Internet, including but not limited to any failure, error or disruption involving any third party Internet service providers or Rosland Capital’s own internal computer systems; or any other similar cause beyond the reasonable control of Rosland Capital.14.3 Customer may not assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Rosland Capital's written consent. Rosland Capital may freely assign, transfer, or delegate this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without notice to Customer.14.4 All communications shall be sent to Rosland Capital at 11766 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1200, Los Angeles, California 90025 and to Customer at the address set forth above or such other address subsequently provided to Rosland Capital by Customer in writing. All communications given by Rosland Capital to Customer by mail shall be effective forty-eight (48) hours after deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or upon receipt, whichever is earlier; if hand delivered, when delivered to Customer's address; if telephonic, at the time of such phone conversation or facsimile transmission; or if by email, on the day of such transmission.14.5 Customer will notify Rosland Capital promptly of the death of any signer on a Rosland Capital account by providing a certified death certificate. Upon proof of death, Rosland Capital will recognize the account as the sole property of the estate or lawful heirs, as substantiated in documents provided to Rosland Capital. Customer agrees to hold Rosland Capital harmless and defend against any loss, liability, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney fees, resulting from any action taken by Rosland Capital in reliance upon the foregoing. Rosland Capital may require such additional consents, documents or other papers in order to substantiate ownership of accounts and may retain account balances until it is reasonably satisfied of the ownership of such account and the persons authorized to take action with respect thereto.14.6 Governing Law; Arbitration. The formation of this Agreement constitutes the making of this contract within Los Angeles County, California, regardless of the manner, timing or location of delivery or receipt of acceptance of this Agreement. The parties agree that Los Angeles County, California is the exclusive venue for filing any action and hearing concerning disputes arising from or relating to the Products or this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California excluding conflict of law principles. CUSTOMER AGREES TO ARBITRATE ALL CONTROVERSIES BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND ROSLAND  CAPITAL (INCLUDING ANY OF ROSLAND CAPITAL'S CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE DETERMINATION OF THE SCOPE OR APPLICABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL BE KEPT IN STRICTEST CONFIDENCE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING ANY ARBITRATION HEARING, WILL BE LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, LOS ANGELES COUNTY, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, TO ENFORCE THIS SECTION. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT IT WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN THE BASIC ARBITRATION COSTS, INCLUDING ADMINISTRATION FEES AND THE FEES OF THE ARBITRATOR(S). EACH PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS FEES RELATED TO THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS.14.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY AGREES TO HAVE ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND CONTROVERSIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT DECIDED BY ARBITRATION AND IS WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO HAVE SUCH CLAIMS, DISPUTES OR CONTROVERSIES DETERMINED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR BY A JURY. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS SIMILARLY WAIVING ITS RIGHTS TO APPEAL, UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN.14.8 Attorneys’ Fees and Costs to Compel Arbitration. IN THE EVENT (1) CUSTOMER REFUSES TO ARBITRATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT BY COMMENCING ANY ACTION AGAINST ROSLAND CAPITAL IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURT, OR OTHERWISE, AND (2) ROSLAND CAPITAL OBTAINS ANY RELIEF WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM A PETITION OR MOTION (OR LIKE PROCEDURAL MECHANISM) TO COMPEL ARBITRATION, THEN CUSTOMER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF ROSLAND CAPITAL’S REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ROSLAND CAPITAL’S EFFORTS TO COMPEL ARBITRATION.14.9 Waiver of Class Action. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT CUSTOMER MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE. ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE ASSERTED INDIVIDUALLY.14.10 One Year Limit to Bring Claims. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CUSTOMER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT, MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE CALENDAR YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES, OR FOREVER BE BARRED. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, CUSTOMER MIGHT HAVE A LONGER TIME PERIOD TO INITIATE A CLAIM UNDER STATE OR FEDERAL LAW.14.11 Limitation on Damages. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE DAMAGES AVAILABLE TO ANY PARTY BRINGING AN ACTION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO ANY ACTUAL CONTRACT DAMAGES AND TORT DAMAGES INCURRED BY THE PARTY AND PROXIMATELY CAUSED BY AND RESULTING FROM THE OTHER PARTY'S ALLEGED BREACH, AND IN NO EVENT WILL ROSLAND CAPITAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT THAT CUSTOMER PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS, LESS THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SUCH PRODUCTS.  THIS SECTION STATES THE EXCLUSIVE DAMAGE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER.14.12 The terms and provisions in this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, or unenforceable, then that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.14.13 No failure or delay by Rosland Capital in exercising any of its rights, powers, or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of that or any other right, power, or remedy. No waiver or modification of any term of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.14.14 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and delivered by facsimile transmission, each copy of which will be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute one and the same instrument.14.15 This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings, and agreements between the parties.
Download / View Print-Friendly PDF 




1Print Customer AgreementDOWNLOAD 


2Read and Sign Customer Agreement 


3Mail to Rosland Capital 11766 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1200Los Angeles, CA 90025





Close
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














precious metals fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Precious Metals. | RoslandCapital.com



Ad
 ·
RoslandCapital.com/​Precious-Metals



Precious Metals Are Tangible Assets & Should Be Part Of Your Portfolio.





Precious Metals IRA



Rosland Home Page




Rosland Capital Gold



Featured Specials





Precious metals funds - We have it on Search.com | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Precious Metals Funds/​Search no more



Precious metals funds Results for your search. See yourself.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Precious Metals Fund - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Precious Metals Fund



Search for Precious Metals Fund. Find Precious Metals Fund.




Precious Metals Fund - Search for Precious Metals Fund Info.



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​precious-metals-fund



Search for Precious Metals Fund Info. Try a new search on alot.com!




Searches related toprecious metals fund



gold mutual funds performance


gold etf vanguard


best gold etf to buy


gold etf list


gold fund



precious metal funds morningstar


vanguard precious metals fund


best precious metals funds


gold funds




Web Results

17 Best Equity Precious Metals Mutual Funds - U.S. News: Money

https://money.usnews.com/.../rankings/equity-precious-metals


Find the top rated Equity Precious Metals mutual funds. Compare reviews and ratings on Financial mutual funds from Morningstar, S&P, and others to help find the best ...


Vanguard - Vanguard Precious Metals Fund

https://personal.vanguard.com/us/funds/snapshot?FundId=0053&...


This mutual fund profile of the Precious Metals & Mining provides details such as the fund objective, average annual total returns, after-tax returns, initial minimum ...


Top 5 Precious Metals Mutual Funds | Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/.../090215/top-5-precious-metals-mutual-funds.asp


The Vanguard Precious Metals and Mining fund was established in 1984. The primary objective of this mutual fund is to offer investors long-term capital appreciation ...


Gold and Precious Metals Fund (USERX) - usfunds.com

www.usfunds.com/our-funds/our-mutual-funds/gold-and-precious-metals...


The Gold and Precious Metals Fund is the first-no load gold fund in the U.S. We have a history as pioneers in portfolio management in this specialized sector. Our ...


Morningstar.com - Fund Returns

news.morningstar.com/fundReturns/FundReturns.html?category=$FOCA$SP


Data through 7/21/2017. Our favorite Equity Precious Metals funds: Fund Category: Equity Precious Metals : Total Returns ( % )


6 Best Equity Precious Metals Funds - money.usnews.com

https://money.usnews.com/funds/etfs/rankings/equity-precious-metals


Find the top rated Equity Precious Metals Funds. Find the right Equity Precious Metals for you with US News' Best Fit ETF ranking and research tools.


3 Top-Ranked Precious Metals Funds to Buy - August 19 ...

https://www.zacks.com/.../3-topranked-precious-metals-funds-to-buy


We will share with you 3 top rated precious metals mutual funds. Each has earned a Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) as we expect the fund to outperform its peers in the future.


AGF Precious Metals Fund

https://www.agf.com/t2scr/static/app/fundview/public/en/fund333.jsp


This specialty equity fund aims to deliver capital growth through exposure to gold, silver and other metals companies.


Dynamic Precious Metals Fund - Series A CAD

https://funds.dynamic.ca/fundprofiles/en-US/H81K/A/CAD


Why Invest In Dynamic Precious Metals Fund? Diversified exposure to precious metal companies, which may include gold, silver, platinum, and palladium, with limited ...


Precious Metals - TheStreet

https://www.thestreet.com/.../etf-top-ranked-precious-metals-gold.html


These 10 precious metal and gold ETFs are top-ranked according to TheStreet Ratings -- we consider them 'best of breed.'










Precious Metals. | RoslandCapital.com



Ad
 ·
RoslandCapital.com/​Precious-Metals



Precious Metals Are Tangible Assets & Should Be Part Of Your Portfolio.





Precious Metals IRA



Rosland Home Page




Rosland Capital Gold



Featured Specials





Precious metals funds - We have it on Search.com | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Precious Metals Funds/​Search no more



Precious metals funds Results for your search. See yourself.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Precious Metals Fund - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Precious Metals Fund



Search for Precious Metals Fund. Find Precious Metals Fund.




Precious Metals Fund - Search for Precious Metals Fund Info.



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​precious-metals-fund



Search for Precious Metals Fund Info. Try a new search on alot.com!



Searches related toprecious metals fund



gold mutual funds performance


gold etf vanguard


best gold etf to buy


gold etf list


gold fund



precious metal funds morningstar


vanguard precious metals fund


best precious metals funds


gold funds




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads





































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


Apologies to you. We are doing maintenance, so this is temporarily unavailable. Please come back soon.

















×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.


















Apologies to you. We are doing maintenance, so this is temporarily unavailable. Please come back soon.



























