


Contact Premier Asset Management, LLC s








 

 




 



 

















 
Premier Asset Management LLC 
p (312) 727-0273    f (312) 727-0823
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
©2017        Premier Asset Management LLC    p (312)
        727-0273    f (312) 727-0823

No client or potential client should assume that any information presented or made available on or through this website should be construed as personalized financial planning or investment advice. Personalized financial planning and investment advice can only be rendered after engagement of the firm for services, execution of the required documentation, and receipt of required disclosures. Please contact the firm for further information.The firm is wholly owned by First Midwest Bancorp, Inc. ("FMBI"), a publicly traded regional bank holding company (NASDAQ Global Select Ticker: FMBI).
 


 
 
 
 








Premier Asset Management, LLC: Our Staff








 

 




 



 

















 


Joseph T. Seminetta – President, Senior Portfolio Manager and Chief Compliance Officer
Investment Experience: 31 years
Education:
MBA, Finance, J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Business, Northwestern University
BA, Finance, Loyola University of Chicago
Previous Employers:
Northern Trust Company
ABN AMRO / LaSalle Bank
Harris Bank
Professional Affiliations:
Board Member, Member of Investment Committee, Ravinia Festival
Board of Advisors, Member of Investment Committee, Catholic Charities of Chicago
Council of Regents, Loyola University of Chicago
Member, Economic Club of Chicago


Denise M. Seminetta, CFA, CMT – Director of Research

Investment Experience: 30 years
Education:
 The Ohio State University, Bachelor of Science/Bachelor of Arts, Finance and International Business
Previous Employers:
ABN AMRO /LaSalle Bank and Predecessor firm The Chicago Trust Company
Professional Affiliations:
 Member, CFA Institute, CFA Chicago
Chairman of the Board, Providence St. Mel School


Robert C. Cellini –   Senior Vice President

Investment Experience: 48 years
Education:
JD, DePaul University, College of Law
 BS, Marketing, Indiana University 
Previous Employers:
Bank of America/US Trust Private Wealth Management (formerly ABN AMRO / LaSalle Bank)
Bank One (and its predecessor First Illinois Bank and Trust Co.)
Bell, Boyd & Lloyd
American National Bank & Trust Co. of Chicago
Civic Affiliations:
 Director, National Van Lines, Inc
Director, Harold D. & Hazel C. Wright Foundation


 Chris D. Kostiuk – Senior Portfolio Manager

Investment Experience: 43 years
Education:
PH.D   Candidate in Economics/Finance, Indiana University
MA   Economics/Accounting, University of Colorado
BS,  Economics, cum laude, Regis College 
Previous Employers:
US Trust, Bank of America (formerly ABN AMRO / LaSalle Bank)
Harris Bank N.A.
The Chicago Corporation
Professional Affiliations:
Affiliate Member, CFA Institute, CFA Chicago
Member, Chicago Estate Planning Council

 G. Lawrence Bliss, CFA – Senior Portfolio Manager

Investment Experience:  50 years
Education:
MBA, Finance, Indiana University
BS/BA, Finance, cum laude, Xavier University
Previous Employers:
Bank of America/US Trust Private Wealth Management (formerly ABN AMRO / LaSalle Bank)
Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co.
The First National Bank of Chicago
Civic Affiliations:
Member, CFA Institute, CFA Chicago
Director, Harold D. & Hazel C. Wright Foundation
Former Board Member, Xavier University Alumni



 Joseph J. Sifferlen–  Managing Director

Investment Experience:  37 years
Education:
MBA, University of Chicago Booth School of Business
BA, Ohio Northern University, Ada, Ohio
Previous  Employers:
Bank of America, (formerly ABN AMRO / LaSalle Bank) Chicago, IL.
NBD Bank, Evanston, IL.
Northern Trust Bank, Chicago, IL.
Civic  Affiliations:
Fourth Presbyterian Church, Chicago, IL. (former Trustee, Elder and Deacon) Sunday Ushering Program

University Club of Chicago, (former Board Member, Treasurer and Chair of Admissions Committee)



 Thomas Grooms, CFA – Associate Portfolio Manager

Investment Experience:  6 years
Education:
BBA , Finance, University of Iowa
Professional  Affiliations:
Member, CFA Institute, CFA Chicago



 Chad Whiteley – Investment Associate

Investment Experience:  5 years
Education:
BSBA, Finance, University of Arizona



 K.Connor Callahan – Research Associate

Investment Experience:  2        year
Education:
BA, Economics and History, Vanderbilt University



 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
©2017        Premier Asset Management LLC    p (312)
        727-0273    f (312) 727-0823

No client or potential client should assume that any information presented or made available on or through this website should be construed as personalized financial planning or investment advice. Personalized financial planning and investment advice can only be rendered after engagement of the firm for services, execution of the required documentation, and receipt of required disclosures. Please contact the firm for further information.The firm is wholly owned by First Midwest Bancorp, Inc. ("FMBI"), a publicly traded regional bank holding company (NASDAQ Global Select Ticker: FMBI).
 


 
 
 
 








Premier Asset Management, LLC - Chicago, IL  (312) 727-0273 








 

 



 



 

















 
Premier Asset Management LLC is a Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) whose mission is to provide an exceptional level of performance and service to a select group of investors. We manage custom tailored investment portfolios consisting of individual stocks, bonds and cash equivalents. 

At Premier, the management of your assets is entrusted to a caring, dedicated and highly skilled team. Our seasoned investment professionals are equipped with the highest level of industry experience, educational credentials and ethical standards. The members of our team have a passion for the investment management business which shows in both their attitude and their results. Our firm is independent and able to benefit from the best research sources in the business. We are singularly focused on one product, one service, and one approach.
We encourage you to learn more about our firm, our investment process and our professionals. Please feel free to contact us if we may be of service to you.





 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
©2017        Premier Asset Management LLC    p (312)
        727-0273    f (312) 727-0823

No client or potential client should assume that any information presented or made available on or through this website should be construed as personalized financial planning or investment advice. Personalized financial planning and investment advice can only be rendered after engagement of the firm for services, execution of the required documentation, and receipt of required disclosures. Please contact the firm for further information.The firm is wholly owned by First Midwest Bancorp, Inc. ("FMBI"), a publicly traded regional bank holding company (NASDAQ Global Select Ticker: FMBI).
 


 
 
 
 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Premier Asset Management LLC                                                                                             - Chicago                                           , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Chicago



Management Services



Business Management



                            Premier Asset Management LLC
                                    



 





















P 


Premier Asset Management LLC                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4311 N RAVENSWOOD AVE # 100 CHICAGO, IL 60613
Get Directions



(773) 961-8312
www.premierassetmanagement.com                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $268,142.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Management
 Contacts Joseph Seminetta                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Premier Asset Management Llc                                                                                             was founded in 2011, and is located at 4311 N Ravenswood Ave # 100 in Chicago. Additional information is available at www.premierassetmanagement.com                                                                           or by contacting Joseph Seminetta                                                                                                         at (773) 961-8312. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














﻿






























Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Has $37.04 Million Position in Premier, Inc. (PINC) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Premier Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Premier Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Shares Sold by Progressive Investment Management Corp
State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.26
Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISV) Position Maintained by united american securities inc. d b a uas asset management
Validus Holdings (VR) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.08
Flextronics International (FLEX) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.04
United Community Banks (UCBI) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.16
BidaskClub Lowers BRF S.A. (NYSE:BRFS) to Strong Sell
Ball Corporation (BLL) Upgraded to Buy by BidaskClub
United Microelectronics Corporation (NYSE:UMC) Stock Rating Lowered by HSBC Holdings plc
Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) Upgraded at BidaskClub
Comparing Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (MMLP) and Kirby Corporation (KEX)
Critical Survey: Freshpet (FRPT) & Blue Buffalo Pet Products (BUFF)
Nomura Holdings Inc ADR (NMR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Caesars Entertainment Corporation (CZR) & Red Rock Resorts (RRR) Head-To-Head Survey
Purplebricks Group PLC (LON:PURP) Earns Underperform Rating from Jefferies Group LLC
Redrow plc (LON:RDW) PT Raised to GBX 630 at Barclays PLC
Financial Comparison: Lands’ End (LE) and Ascena Retail Group (ASNA)
Comparing Santander Consumer USA Holdings (SC) and Enova International (ENVA)
Financial Comparison: Life Storage (LSI) and Extra Space Storage (EXR)
Lawson Products (LAWS) and DXP Enterprises (DXPE) Financial Comparison







Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Has $37.04 Million Position in Premier, Inc. (PINC)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments




Douglas Lane & Associates LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) by 9.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 1,028,792 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 89,495 shares during the period. Douglas Lane & Associates LLC’s holdings in Premier were worth $37,037,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. WealthTrust Axiom LLC purchased a new position in shares of  Premier during the first quarter valued at approximately $538,000.  Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC purchased a new position in shares of  Premier during the first quarter valued at approximately $166,000.  Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Premier by 0.6% in the first quarter. Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. now owns 75,540 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,404,000 after buying an additional 425 shares during the last quarter.  Russell Investments Group Ltd. boosted its position in shares of  Premier by 131.6% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 83,964 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,673,000 after buying an additional 47,713 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, River Road Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  Premier by 23.1% in the first quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC now owns 1,342,069 shares of the company’s stock valued at $42,718,000 after buying an additional 251,825 shares during the last quarter. 


 Get Premier Inc. alerts:



Premier, Inc. (PINC) traded up 0.37% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $35.50. 33,215 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Premier, Inc. has a 12 month low of $28.27 and a 12 month high of $36.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $35.45 and a 200-day moving average of $33.07. The stock has a market cap of $1.84 billion, a PE ratio of 16.74 and a beta of 0.47. 





Premier (NASDAQ:PINC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.52 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.47 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $379.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $401.71 million. Premier had a net margin of 31.41% and a negative return on equity of 13.95%. The business’s revenue was up 27.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.44 earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Premier, Inc. will post $1.91 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Has $37.04 Million Position in Premier, Inc. (PINC)” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/20/douglas-lane-associates-llc-has-37-04-million-position-in-premier-inc-pinc.html. 
Several brokerages have recently commented on PINC. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Premier from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Bank of America Corporation boosted their target price on shares of Premier from $37.00 to $39.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. UBS AG  restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $35.00 target price (up from $34.00) on shares of Premier in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 target price on shares of Premier in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $38.25.
In other news, insider Craig S. Mckasson sold 10,750 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.84, for a total value of $374,530.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 74,505 shares in the company, valued at $2,595,754.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, SVP Leigh Anderson sold 1,099 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.29, for a total transaction of $38,783.71. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 7,655 shares in the company, valued at approximately $270,144.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 184,710 shares of company stock worth $6,490,663 over the last three months. Insiders own  17.14% of the company’s stock. 
Premier Company Profile
Premier, Inc is a healthcare improvement company. The Company is uniting an alliance of approximately 3,750 United States hospitals and more than 130,000 other provider organizations to transform healthcare. The Company operates healthcare group purchasing organizations and also provides integrated data and analytics, supply chain solutions, advisory services, performance improvement collaborative and other services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PINC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC).







Receive News & Ratings for Premier Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Premier Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















Premier Asset Managment LLC Buys Time Warner Inc, Boeing Co, Lowe's Companies Inc, Sells Lennar ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Premier Asset Managment LLC Buys Time Warner Inc, Boeing Co, Lowe's Companies Inc, Sells Lennar ...


January 27, 2017, 01:38:03 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Premier Asset Managment LLCNew Purchases: TWX , BA , CBOE , UL, TEVA, EAT, DUK, BMO, KO, GPS,Added Positions:LOW, CAA, CSCO, NXPI, BCE, BRK.B, WBA, MRK, QQQ, TOT,Reduced Positions:MBLY, ISRG, PCLN, GILD, FB, AAPL, CAVM, CELG, ICE, UAL,Sold Out:LEN, ALXN, VOD, FE, PG, ABT, PPL, YUM, YUMC,For the details of Premier Asset Managment LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Premier+Asset+Managment+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Premier Asset Managment LLCApple Inc ( AAPL ) - 155,885 shares, 4.69% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 4.34%United Continental Holdings Inc ( UAL ) - 209,120 shares, 3.96% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 4.94%Charles Schwab Corp ( SCHW ) - 357,005 shares, 3.66% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 3.7%Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc ( WBA ) - 165,425 shares, 3.56% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.39%Celgene Corp ( CELG ) - 117,267 shares, 3.53% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 5.33%New Purchase: Time Warner Inc (TWX)Premier Asset Managment LLC initiated holdings in Time Warner Inc. The purchase prices were between $78.57 and $96.74, with an estimated average price of $89.02. The stock is now traded at around $96.01. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.81%. The holdings were 112,028 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Boeing Co (BA)Premier Asset Managment LLC initiated holdings in Boeing Co. The purchase prices were between $132.25 and $157.81, with an estimated average price of $146.04. The stock is now traded at around $167.83. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.49%. The holdings were 61,531 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: CBOE Holdings Inc (CBOE)Premier Asset Managment LLC initiated holdings in CBOE Holdings Inc. The purchase prices were between $62.16 and $76.68, with an estimated average price of $68.83. The stock is now traded at around $77.59. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.32%. The holdings were 16,664 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Unilever PLC (UL)Premier Asset Managment LLC initiated holdings in Unilever PLC. The purchase prices were between $38.78 and $47.75, with an estimated average price of $41.43. The stock is now traded at around $41.03. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.24%. The holdings were 22,700 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA)Premier Asset Managment LLC initiated holdings in Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. The purchase prices were between $35.03 and $45.68, with an estimated average price of $39.93. The stock is now traded at around $34.73. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.18%. The holdings were 19,000 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Brinker International Inc (EAT)Premier Asset Managment LLC initiated holdings in Brinker International Inc. The purchase prices were between $47.64 and $55.19, with an estimated average price of $51.47. The stock is now traded at around $44.04. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.17%. The holdings were 13,100 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Lowe's Companies Inc (LOW)Premier Asset Managment LLC added to the holdings in Lowe's Companies Inc by 130.80%. The purchase prices were between $65.63 and $76.4, with an estimated average price of $70.75. The stock is now traded at around $72.97. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.13%. The holdings were 108,130 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO)Premier Asset Managment LLC added to the holdings in Cisco Systems Inc by 97.03%. The purchase prices were between $29.25 and $31.7, with an estimated average price of $30.49. The stock is now traded at around $30.80. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.16%. The holdings were 41,475 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: BCE Inc (BCE)Premier Asset Managment LLC added to the holdings in BCE Inc by 86.65%. The purchase prices were between $42.03 and $46.17, with an estimated average price of $44.14. The stock is now traded at around $44.61. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.1%. The holdings were 18,525 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: Lennar Corp (LEN)Premier Asset Managment LLC sold out the holdings in Lennar Corp. The sale prices were between $40.34 and $45.67, with an estimated average price of $42.5.Sold Out: Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc (ALXN)Premier Asset Managment LLC sold out the holdings in Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. The sale prices were between $110.01 and $135.59, with an estimated average price of $122.36.Sold Out: Vodafone Group PLC (VOD)Premier Asset Managment LLC sold out the holdings in Vodafone Group PLC. The sale prices were between $24.3 and $29.3, with an estimated average price of $26.31.Sold Out: FirstEnergy Corp (FE)Premier Asset Managment LLC sold out the holdings in FirstEnergy Corp. The sale prices were between $30.06 and $34.5, with an estimated average price of $32.03.Sold Out: Procter & Gamble Co (PG)Premier Asset Managment LLC sold out the holdings in Procter & Gamble Co. The sale prices were between $81.86 and $90, with an estimated average price of $85.23.Sold Out: PPL Corp (PPL)Premier Asset Managment LLC sold out the holdings in PPL Corp. The sale prices were between $32.19 and $34.74, with an estimated average price of $33.54.LOW 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of LOWPeter Lynch Chart of LOWPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        AAPL
                                    
, 

                                        UAL
                                    
, 

                                        SCHW
                                    
, 

                                        WBA
                                    
, 

                                        CELG
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This is the cheapest company in the Buffett-Munger model portfolio
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Zacks Podcast Highlights: Looking for Top REIT Investments? Start Here for Your Guide


						7/28/2017 04:36 AM
					



Weyerhaeuser (WY) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Lags on Revenue


						7/28/2017 03:42 AM
					



Validea Warren Buffett Strategy Daily Upgrade Report - 7/28/2017


						7/28/2017 02:57 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





AAPL








86%



Rate It





UAL








67%



Rate It





SCHW








75%



Rate It





WBA








86%



Rate It





CELG








95%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Premier Asset Management | Premier Funds



















 






















Search







Private Investors>
Professional advisers>
Wealth managers>



Premier Asset Management
Solution-driven investments
Premier manages a range of investment solutions to help meet different goals, including income, capital growth, conservative growth and absolute returns and for different investor risk profiles. Our investment strategies powering these solutions include multi-asset, UK equities, global equities and fixed interest.
Mike O'SheaChief Executive









Investment solutions
Premier's investment solutions offer our clients the building blocks to meet their different needs, risk profiles and objectives.

Income
Growth
Conservative growth
Income & growth
Portfolios designed for different risk appetites





Active management
Premier stands for active management through independent thinking. We aim to provide good investment solutions for our clients through relevant products that cover a broad range of assets and markets.

Multi-asset
UK equity
Global equity
Fixed interest





Protect yourself from fraud 
We are aware that criminals are trying to run a scam by contacting people and creating websites claiming to represent Premier Asset Management, and encouraging people to make fraudulent investments.
Find out more>

 












	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































﻿






























Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) Position Boosted by Geode Capital Management LLC - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Premier Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Premier Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Vanguard Group Inc. Buys 124,629 Shares of ESCO Technologies Inc. (NYSE:ESE)
Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) Position Boosted by Geode Capital Management LLC
Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Stake Increased by Geode Capital Management LLC
Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:HALO) Shares Bought by Geode Capital Management LLC
AZZ Inc. (NYSE:AZZ) Shares Bought by Geode Capital Management LLC
Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) Declares Dividend of GBX 66.60
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 211,563 Shares of PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL)
BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (NYSE:DKS) a $62.00 Price Target
FSB Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:FSBC) Downgraded to “D” at TheStreet
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Downgrades GAS NATURAL SDG EUR1 (OTC:GASNF) to Sell
Richelieu Hardware Ltd. (RCH) Given New C$30.00 Price Target at Scotiabank
Commerce Union Bancshares, Inc. (CUBN) Upgraded at TheStreet
BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) a $112.00 Price Target
Red Hat (NYSE:RHT) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Analysis Shows
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $2.33 Billion
Alamos Gold Inc. (AGI) Rating Reiterated by National Bank Financial
PVH Corp. (NYSE:PVH) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.29
Insulet Corporation (NASDAQ:PODD) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.09
Pengrowth Energy Corporation (NYSE:PGH) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.05
Monster Beverage Corporation (NASDAQ:MNST) Earning Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds







Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) Position Boosted by Geode Capital Management LLC


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) by 9.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 404,397 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 35,133 shares during the period. Geode Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Premier were worth $12,871,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Premier by 4.2% in the first quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 3,664 shares of the company’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 149 shares during the period.  Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Premier by 0.6% in the first quarter. Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. now owns 75,540 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,404,000 after buying an additional 425 shares during the period.  Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of  Premier by 1.1% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 65,880 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,096,000 after buying an additional 747 shares during the period.  Pacer Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Premier by 13.5% in the first quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 6,652 shares of the company’s stock worth $212,000 after buying an additional 791 shares during the period.  Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of  Premier by 7.9% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 12,952 shares of the company’s stock worth $393,000 after buying an additional 950 shares during the period. 


 Get Premier Inc. alerts:



Premier, Inc. (PINC) opened at 35.63 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $35.50 and its 200 day moving average is $33.17. The company has a market cap of $1.84 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.80 and a beta of 0.47. Premier, Inc. has a 52-week low of $28.27 and a 52-week high of $36.50. 





Premier (NASDAQ:PINC) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.52 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.47 by $0.05. Premier had a negative return on equity of 13.95% and a net margin of 31.41%. The company had revenue of $379.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $401.71 million. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.44 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 27.2% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts predict that  Premier, Inc. will post $1.91 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) Position Boosted by Geode Capital Management LLC” was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/premier-inc-nasdaqpinc-position-boosted-by-geode-capital-management-llc.html. 
A number of analysts have weighed in on PINC shares. UBS AG  reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $35.00 target price (up from $34.00) on shares of Premier in a report on Thursday, May 25th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Premier from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $36.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Bank of America Corporation increased their target price on shares of Premier from $37.00 to $39.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, May 25th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price on shares of Premier in a report on Thursday, April 13th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued  a hold rating and twelve have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $38.25.
In other news, insider Durral R. Gilbert sold 82,861 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, June 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.11, for a total value of $2,909,249.71. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 145,261 shares in the company, valued at $5,100,113.71. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Craig S. Mckasson sold 10,750 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.84, for a total value of $374,530.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 74,505 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,595,754.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 184,710 shares of company stock valued at $6,490,663. 17.14% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
Premier Company Profile
Premier, Inc is a healthcare improvement company. The Company is uniting an alliance of approximately 3,750 United States hospitals and more than 130,000 other provider organizations to transform healthcare. The Company operates healthcare group purchasing organizations and also provides integrated data and analytics, supply chain solutions, advisory services, performance improvement collaborative and other services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PINC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC).







Receive News & Ratings for Premier Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Premier Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 

















































DebtConnection.com

























Home


News - "At A Glance"


Upcoming Events


Master Search


Portfolios For Sale


Industry Directories


Agencies


Associations


Attorneys


Bankruptcy


Brokers


Consultants


Debt Buyers


Debt Sellers


Deceased


Legal Networks / Services


Offshoring


Industry Products


Software


Training


Industry Services


Contact Solutions / Dialers


Investment Firms


Licensing/Compliance


Mail Services


Payment Processors


Repo Services


Risk Management / Metrics


Scoring/Scrubbing


Skip Tracing


Other Information 


About DebtConnection.com


Listing Options


Advertising Options


FAQ


Contact Us


Privacy Policy












Premier Asset Management, LLC



    300 N Dakota Rd, Suite 501
Sioux Falls,
SD  57108

Phone: 605-999-7807

Fax: 605-370-5018

	Contact: John Zimmerman, President
	

E-mail: john@premierassetmgmt.com

 



Category: DEBT SELLERS
  PRINTER FRIENDLY PAGE


Description:



        Premier Asset Management, LLC purchases National Debt Portfolios for immediate resale to National, Regional, State specific. PAM does not use third-party agencies or work internally ANY of its product. PAM does not score or letter any of the customers in our pools.We buy and sell Credit Cards, Payday Loans, DDA, Consumer, Retail, OOST, mortgages, title loans. We have a steady supply of zero agency files, which we do not shop or market at our clients request. If you are a serious and reputable buyer, looking for zero's or fresh paper - please contact us.PAM will broker portfolios ONLY from well established and reputable sellers.PAM has brought in Tina Penn to handle all of our back end paperwork to ensure a timely and high quality turn on media, recourse, contracts and title chains.Please contact John Zimmerman at 605-999-7807 to discuss available portfolios or other brokering opportunities.Premier Asset Management looks forward to earning your repeat business! Premier Asset Management, our name says it all!







Account Types
Preferred Account Age
States/Regions


Auto Deficiencies, Checks, Commercial, Consumer Loans, Credit Cards, Judgments, Medical, Mortgage, Oil, Other, Payday Loans, Retail, Sub Prime, Telecommunications, Utility

	
	At Charge Off, 1st Placement, 2nd Placement, 3rd Placement
	

	AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS, MO, MT, NE, NV, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, ND, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, VA, WA, WV, WI, WY, Buffalo(NY), NY(NY)

	
	





















DISCLAIMER: Resource Management Services, Inc. accepts paid advertising without conducting reference checks, background checks or any other type of review of the advertiser. It is the responsibility of those individuals or entities contacting the advertisers listed on DebtConnection.com to conduct a thorough due diligence of the advertiser prior to any contemplated or actual transaction with the advertiser.  








All images and content, unless otherwise noted, are copyrighted and a product of Resource Management Services, Inc., and may not be used without permission. Some artwork is trademarked and copyrighted by their respective owners and noted where known.  No images or content on this site may be reproduced or distributed without consent of Resource Management Services, Inc. or the copyright holder.  DebtConnection.com are service marks of Resource Management Services, Inc.
10440 Pioneer Blvd. #2, Santa Fe Springs, CA  90670.   Contact 562-906-1101
if there are any questions.  
    	Resource Management Services, Inc. reserves the right to decline the listing of companies and or services at our discretion.
	DebtConnectionÂŽ is a trademark of Resource Management Services, Inc.










