    Sharon Presnell | Organovo Holdings Inc | ZoomInfo.com


ONVO Sharon Collins Presnell Insider Trades for Organovo Holdings Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Organovo Holdings Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ONVO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Organovo Holdings Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 6:59 p.m.


ONVO

/quotes/zigman/75629163/composite


$
2.30




Change

-0.05
-2.13%

Volume
Volume 4,114
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/75629163/composite
Previous close

$
			2.38
		


$
				2.35
			
Change

-0.03
-1.26%





Day low
Day high
$2.32
$2.42










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.30
        

            $4.99
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Sharon Collins Presnell



Dr. Sharon C. Presnell is CTO, Executive VP-Research & Development at Organovo, Inc., Chief Scientific Officer at Organovo Holdings, Inc., a Member at American Society for Investigative Pathology, and a Member at American Society of Nephrology.
Dr. Presnell was previously employed as Senior VP-Regenerative Medicine Research by Tengion, Inc., a Principal by Becton, Dickinson & Co., and an Assistant Professor by University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
She received her doctorate degree from the Medical College of Virginia.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/27/2017
200,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/16/2017
1,167


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.86 per share.


3,338


03/18/2017
15,000


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


02/16/2017
1,390


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.95 per share.


4,101


11/16/2016
1,210


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $3.26 per share.


3,945


08/19/2016
1,109


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4 per share.


4,436


07/11/2016
50,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/12/2015
50,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.08 per share.


4,000


10/06/2014
50,000


 
Disposition at $6.11 per share.


305,500


09/10/2014
5,000


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


10/02/2013
75,000


 
Disposition at $5.64 per share.


423,000


08/12/2013
75,000


 
Disposition at $5.6 per share.


420,000


08/02/2012
224,064


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0.08 per share.


17,925





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Keith  Murphy 
Chairman




Mr. Taylor J. Crouch 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Craig S. Kussman 
Chief Financial & Accounting Officer




Dr. Sharon Collins Presnell 
Chief Scientific Officer




Ms. Jennifer Kinsbruner Bush 
Secretary, General Counsel & Compliance Officer




Mr. Paul  Gallant 
GM-Vitro Tissue Services




Dr. Eric Michael David 
Chief Strategy Officer




Mr. Mark  Kessel 
Director




Dr. Richard E. Maroun 
Director




Mr. Steve E. Kunszabo 
VP-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications




Ms. Susan K. Daugherty 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Robert F. Baltera 
Independent Director




Dr. Kirk D. Malloy 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. James T. Glover 
Independent Director




Ms. Tamar D. Howson 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:38 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:36aRussia retaliates to new sanctions by telling U.S. to cut diplomats
6:34aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
6:31aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:24aRenault profit leaps but shares decline 
6:22aBelgium's inflation rate picks up pace
6:21aGerman consumer prices rise faster than expected
6:01aFrench economy expands 0.5% in the second quarter 
6:00a'Big Six' Leave Border Adjustment Out of Tax Principles
6:00aKids are training to be CEOs and spies at these specialized summer camps
6:00aAmericans are so uncomfortable asking for money that we’ve resorted to this instead
5:44aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, but 7% weekly gain in sight 
5:42a5 weird things I found out about corporate America in my first 24 hours 
5:35aUBS, Credit Suisse profits up after strategy shift
5:30aStudent loan companies to feds: Tell states to stop regulating us
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Sharon Collins Presnell Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:38 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Organovo Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Sharon Collins Presnell Ph.D.Chief Scientific Officer, Organovo Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.48$931,613As of Fiscal Year 2017
Background

		Dr. Sharon Collins Presnell, Ph.D., has been Chief Scientific Officer at Organovo Holdings, Inc since June 10, 2016 and served as its President of Samsara since June 10, 2016. Dr. Presnell served as an Executive Vice President of Research and Development at Organovo Holdings, Inc. until June 10, 2016 and served as its Chief Technology Officer since April 25, 2012 until June 10, 2016. Dr. Presnell served as Senior Vice President of Regenerative Medicine & Biology of Tengion, ... Inc. Dr. Presnell served as Vice President for Regenerative Medicine and Biology for Tengion Inc., since April 30, 2007. Before joining Tengion, Dr. Presnell was a Scientific Leader at the Becton Dickinson research facility in Research Triangle Park, N.C., where she was responsible for the growth and leadership of a 50 person, multi-disciplinary group in cell and tissue engineering. During her tenure, her team discovered and developed a portfolio of products and technologies from inception to first commercial application, including BD's Discovery Platform(TM), a bioinformatics-driven platform for the directed growth and differentiation of primary human cells used in drug discovery and therapy. She has more than 20 publications in the cell biology field and is an inventor on multiple patents related to commercial use of human cells. She was an adjunct faculty member at Duke University and has served on the executive board of directors of the eastern regional chapter of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation. Dr. Presnell's career in academics and industry has consistently been focused on the study of human cells and disease mechanisms, with an emphasis on discoveries that have the potential to directly impact human health. She received her Ph.D. in Cellular and Molecular Pathology in 1995 from the Medical College of Virginia and completed post-doctoral studies in Liver and Prostate Biology at the University of North Carolina, where she served on the faculty, conducting stem cell research.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
6275 Nancy Ridge DriveSan Diego, California 92121United StatesPhone: 858-224-1000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
PhD 1995Virginia Commonwealth University's School of MedicinePost-Doctoral Training University of North Carolina
Other Affiliations
Virginia Commonwealth University's School of MedicineUniversity of North CarolinaTengion, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$360,577Total Annual Compensation$360,577
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$199,500Exercisable Options$1,089,067Unexercisable Options$193,125Total Number of Options$1,282,192
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$479,557Total Short Term Compensation$360,577Other Long Term Compensation$199,500Total Calculated Compensation$931,613




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Organovo Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















Sharon Collinspresnell | Organovo | Email @organovo.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Sharon Collins Presnell

 Organovo  Chief Scientific Officer


Updated On : 
                    Oct 21, 2016                            

export

















6275 Nancy Ridge Drive

San Diego, CA 92121


Email format for @organovo.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
100 - 249

Revenue:  
500 Million - 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare                    
SIC Code:  
                         2836  - Biological Products, Except Diagnostic








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Their Chief Scientific Officer is Sharon Collins Presnell. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Biotech/healthcare industry. If you're checking for Organovo email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @organovo.com email addresses and possibly Sharon Collins Presnell's email. Organovo is based in San Diego, CA. You can also get Sharon Collins Presnell's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Biotech/healthcare category.  Some possible email formats for Sharon Collins Presnell are SCollins Presnell@organovo.com, Sharon.Collins Presnell@organovo.com, Sharon@organovo.com, and Sharon_Collins Presnell@organovo.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@organovo.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Sharon C - Other
Sharon C is part of Walmart, an organization which has its main offices in Bentonville, AR.  Sharon serves as the pharmacy tech at Walmart.  If you're searching for Walmart email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @walmart.com along with Sharon C's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Walmart's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Retail industry.  Some possible email formats for Sharon C are SC@walmart.com, Sharon.C@walmart.com, Sharon@walmart.com, and Sharon_C@walmart.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@walmart.com addresses.
Sharon C - Other
U.S. Department of State's OMS is where Sharon C is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in Washington, DC, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Government industry. Sharon C's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other U.S. Department of State email addresses on Lead411 with the @state.gov domain.  Some possible email formats for Sharon C are SC@state.gov, Sharon.C@state.gov, Sharon@state.gov, and Sharon_C@state.gov. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@state.gov addresses.
Sharon C - Other
Located in Clayton, MO Centene Corporation has Sharon C serving as the organization's Clinical Nurse Supervisor. Need Sharon C's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Centene Corporation Lead411 profile, along with their Centene Corporation email addresses using the domain. Search for Centene Corporation on Lead411 under the Biotech/healthcare industry.  Some possible email formats for Sharon C are SC@centene.com, Sharon.C@centene.com, Sharon@centene.com, and Sharon_C@centene.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@centene.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Keith Murphy - Executive
Organovo's Chairman & CEO is where Keith Murphy is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Keith Murphy. They are based in San Diego, CA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Biotech/healthcare industry. Keith Murphy's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Organovo email addresses on Lead411 with the @organovo.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Keith Murphy are KMurphy@organovo.com, Keith.Murphy@organovo.com, Keith@organovo.com, and Keith_Murphy@organovo.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@organovo.com addresses.
Eric Michael David - Executive
For Organovo email addresses with the @organovo.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Eric Michael David, you may check in Organovo's Lead411 profile. Eric Michael David is currently the Co-founder, Chief Strategy Officer and EVP of Preclinical Development for Organovo. The company's CEO is Keith Murphy. The contact information of Organovo on Lead411 is filed under the Biotech/healthcare. Their main offices are in San Diego, CA.  Some possible email formats for Eric Michael David are EMichael David@organovo.com, Eric.Michael David@organovo.com, Eric@organovo.com, and Eric_Michael David@organovo.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@organovo.com addresses.
Timothy Smith - Other
A Associate Project Lead - Tissue Testing at Organovo based in San Diego, CA, Timothy Smith has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Organovo in our Biotech/healthcare category. The company CEO is Keith Murphy. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Timothy Smith' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Timothy Smith.  Some possible email formats for Timothy Smith are TSmith@organovo.com, Timothy.Smith@organovo.com, Timothy@organovo.com, and Timothy_Smith@organovo.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@organovo.com addresses.

People Directory > Sharon Collins Presnell






















Sharon Collins Presnell - Chief Scientific Officer, Organovo & President, Samsara at Organovo Holdings, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Sharon Collins Presnell
Chief Scientific Officer, Organovo & President, Samsara at Organovo Holdings, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Political Donations Public Holdings Transactions 


Sharon Collins Presnell
Chief Scientific Officer, Organovo & President, Samsara at Organovo Holdings, Inc.



 Overview



Age



48
                                  (Born 1969)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 88 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




GlobeNewswire
March 13, 2017





                        Organovo and Its Customers Present Data Supporting 3D Bioprinted Liver and Kidney Tissues for Drug Toxicity Testing                    





GlobeNewswire
February 21, 2017





                        Organovo Publishes Data Describing Physiology of 3D Bioprinted Human Kidney Tissues for Drug Toxicity Testing                    





GlobeNewswire
September 13, 2016





                        Organovo and Collaborators Publish Data in Toxicological Sciences Demonstrating Power of 3D Bioprinted Human Liver Tissues in Modeling Drug-Induced Liver Injury Leading to Fibrosis                    





ICT Monitor Worldwide
July 12, 2016





                        Organovo and Roche Researchers Publish Data Demonstrating Superiority of 3D Bioprinted Human Liver Tissues in Assessing Drug-Induced Toxicity                     





GlobeNewswire
March 10, 2016





                        Organovo and Its Customers Present Data Supporting 3D Bioprinted Liver Tissues for Drug Toxicity Testing and Liver Fibrosis Modeling                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Keith Murphy

Co-Founder at Organovo Holdings, Inc.




Eric Michael David

Co-Founder at Organovo Holdings, Inc.





Jennifer Bush

General Counsel, Corporate Secretary & Compliance Officer at Organovo Holdings, Inc.




Andras Forgacs

Co-Founder at Modern Meadow, Inc.





Barry D. Michaels

Former Chief Financial Officer & Head-Investor Relations at Organovo Holdings, Inc.




Gabor Forgacs

Co-Founder at Modern Meadow, Inc.





Craig Kussman

Chief Financial & Accounting Officer at Organovo Holdings, Inc.




Taylor J. Crouch

Chief Executive Officer & President at Organovo Holdings, Inc.





Paul Gallant

General Manager at Organovo Holdings, Inc.




Steve E. Kunszabo

Executive Director at Centennial Communications Corp.







See 78 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 78 More 


 


 Paths to Sharon Collins Presnell



            Sharon Collins Presnell          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Sharon Collins Presnell






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Sharon Collins Presnell.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Medical College of Virginia







 Memberships



Member

                  Current                


American Society of Nephrology

                  ASN leads the fight against kidney disease by educating health professionals, sharing new knowledge, advancing research, and advocating the highest quality care for patients.                




Member

                  Current                


American Society for Investigative Pathology







 Career History



Chief Technology Officer

                                    2011 - Current                


Organovo, Inc.


                  Organovo, Inc. develops and supplies pharmaceutical products. It focuses on delivering human tissue printing technology and creating tissue on demand for research and surgical applications. The firm helps physicians and researchers fulfill the promise of regenerative medicine by overcoming problems in cardiovascular medicine, medical research and transplant medicine. The company was founded by Eric Michael David, Andras Forgacs, Gabor Forgacs and Keith Murphy in 2007 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                




Chief Scientific Officer, Organovo & President, Samsara

                                    2011 - Current                


Organovo Holdings, Inc.


                  Organovo Holdings, Inc. is a biotechnology company, which designs and creates functional and three-dimensional human tissues for medical research and therapeutic applications. It also develops and commercializes a platform technology for the generation of three-dimensional human tissues that can be employed in drug discovery and development, biological research, and as therapeutic implants for the treatment of damaged or degenerating tissues and organs. The company collaborates with pharmaceutical and academic partners to develop human biological disease models in three dimensions. Organovo Holdings was founded on January 30, 2012 and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                




Senior Vice President-Regenerative Medicine Research

                                    2007 - 2011                


Tengion, Inc.


                  Tengion, Inc. is a regenerative medicine company, focused on discovering, developing, manufacturing and commercializing of neo-organs and products. Tengion was founded by Steven Nichtberger and David I. Scheer on July 10, 2003 and is headquartered in Winston-Salem, NC.                




Professional

                                    2001 - Prior                


Becton, Dickinson & Co.


                  BD is a medical technology company that serves healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, industry and the general public. BD manufactures and sells a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products. BD is headquartered in the United States and has offices in more than 50 countries worldwide.                




Assistant Professor

                                    1998 - 2001                


The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill


                  The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (also known as UNC, UNC-Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, North Carolina, or simply Carolina)[14] is a coeducational public research university located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States. North Carolina has been consistently ranked among the highest ranked universities in the United States and is one of the original eight Public Ivy schools that provide an Ivy League experience for a public schooling price. After being chartered in 1789, the university first began enrolling students in 1795, which allows it to be one of three schools to claim the title of the oldest public university in the United States.                





 Political Donations



$500

                  2011                


Brian P. Bilbray


                  Former Representative from California's 50th Congressional District                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Organovo Holdings, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Organovo Holdings, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Organovo, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Sharon Collins Presnell is affiliated with
                            Organovo, Inc., Organovo Holdings, Inc., Tengion, Inc., Becton, Dickinson & Co., The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤




















Management Team - Samsara Sciences








































 













+1-858-617-0790
info@samsarasciences.com



Google




LinkedIn


  





Google




LinkedIn



  
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 








MANAGEMENT TEAM
 
 
 
 





 

Sharon Collins Presnell, Ph.D.,
President
 
Click to read more...

Dr. Presnell has more than 16 years of experience in the leadership of product-focused R&D. As an assistant professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Dr. Presnell’s research in liver and prostate biology and carcinogenesis produced cell- and tissue-based technologies that were industry-funded or outlicensed for industrial applications. She joined Becton Dickinson (BD) in 2001 and played a key role in the early discovery and development of cell-based tools and reagents for BD’s life sciences portfolio. At BD, she grew and led a large multi-disciplinary team to build and validate screening platforms and products for cell growth, differentiation, and characterization and secured revenue-generating commercial partnerships with pharma partners. Sharon joined Tengion, Inc. in 2007, and as the Senior Vice President of Regenerative Medicine Research, was responsible for leading the discovery and early development of Tengion’s Neo-Kidney Augment™, a clinical-stage cell-based therapy for patients with chronic kidney disease. As the Chief Technology Officer at Organovo, Dr. Presnell has led the growth and development of the R&D organization, including evolution of the company’s technology portfolio, and has played an instrumental role in securing funds in support of corporate growth initiatives. Sharon holds a PhD in pathology from the Medical College of Virginia. Dr. Presnell is a member of the American Society of Investigative Pathology, the American Society of Nephrology, and the International Society of Cell Transplantation, serves on the editorial board of the journal ‘3D Printing and Additive Manufacturing’, and remains active as an NIH reviewer as an industry representative in the biomedical engineering space.
 
 
 
 
 





 

Jennifer Kinsbruner Bush, JD,
General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Compliance Officer
 
Click to read more...

Ms. Bush has more than 15 years of intellectual property, corporate legal, regulatory, compliance, and transactional experience. Prior to joining Organovo, Ms. Bush held positions of increasing responsibility at Broadcom Corp., where she was most recently Associate General Counsel. Before joining Broadcom, Ms. Bush served as Associate General Counsel of DivX, Inc. prior to its acquisition by Sonic Solutions in October 2010. Earlier in her career, Ms. Bush was a Principal at Fish & Richardson, from 2001 to January 2010 where she represented clients focused on a variety of technologies, including in the areas of medical devices, life sciences, software, and consumer products. Ms. Bush received a J.D. from Yale Law School and an A.B. in history and Latin American Studies from Princeton University.
 
 
 
 
 





 

Cy Talbot,
Treasurer
 
Click to read more...

Mr. Talbot has more than 30 years of financial and business experience in medical device and healthcare industries in addition to public accounting. He has served as Chief Financial Officer of two publicly traded companies: DJ Orthopedics, Inc. (NYSE:DJO), a leading provider of orthopedic devices and surgical reconstructive products, and Mad Catz Interactive, Inc. (AMEX/TSX:MCZ), a worldwide innovator in interactive entertainment peripherals for console and PC game markets, and two private companies: Vericare Management, Inc., a behavioral healthcare services company, and Asteres, Inc., a start-up company providing automated prescription pick up machines for retail pharmacies, where he also served as President. Previously, Mr. Talbot held senior financial management positions at McGaw, Inc., a healthcare manufacturing & distribution company and American Hospital Supply Corporation, and was an audit manager and a Certified Public Accountant at Miller, Cooper & Co. Ltd. Mr. Talbot holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting/Finance from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.
 
 
 
 
 





 

Kenneth Dorko,
Associate Director of Lab Operations
 
Click to read more...

Mr. Dorko is the Associate Director of Laboratory Operations at Samsara Sciences Inc.  Ken received his B.S. degree from the University of Pittsburgh in 1989.  Prior to his current position, Mr. Dorko worked in multiple technical positions at the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Kansas Medical Center.  He was trained to perform human hepatocyte isolations at the University of Pittsburgh Department of Surgery by Dr. Andreas Nussler.  In 1994 he joined the laboratory of Dr. Stephen Strom and was involved in the isolation of hepatocytes from over 1,800 human livers. Mr. Dorko was also a key contributor in developing the first FDA approved laboratory for clinical hepatocyte transplantation. During his time in Dr. Strom’s laboratory Mr. Dorko also managed the distribution of human hepatocytes to other investigators nationwide through the NIH funded Liver Tissue and Cell Distribution System (LTCDS).  In 2012 Mr. Dorko joined the Department of Pharmacology, Toxicology and Therapeutics at the University of Kansas Medical Center to become the Technical Director of the Bio-specimen Core Laboratory (later renamed the Cell Isolation Core Laboratory) and to establish a cell isolation core laboratory. The Cell Isolation Core Laboratory was a NIH/COBRE funded lab that specialized in the isolation of human and rodent liver cells for investigator research.  Mr. Dorko is an expert in human hepatocyte isolation, is a member of the Cell Transplant Society and has over 40 peer reviewed publications and book chapters.
 
 
 
 
 





 

Andrea M. Bugawisan
Executive Coordinator
 
Click to read more...

Andrea has more than 20 years of experience as an Executive Assistant focusing on Executive support, Sales, Marketing and Business Management. In March 2002 Andrea joined Texas Instruments’ Semiconductor Division as a Field Sales Assistant and was responsible for reporting all sales activity for the top sales team within the company. In 2009 she joined Tapestry Solutions and played a key role in supporting their Corporate Operations Group in training their Administrative Support staff and implementing policies and procedures companywide. As the Executive Coordinator at Samsara Sciences, Andrea has assisted with the set up and growth of lab operations and vendor coordination. Andrea has studied at the University of California San Diego in Psychology and Business Management.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














Presnell Sharon Collins Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Presnell Sharon Collins
                    

•   SAN DIEGO, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Presnell Sharon Collins is based out of San Diego.    WhaleWisdom has at least 4 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Presnell Sharon Collins. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Presnell Sharon Collins, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




presnell sharon collins


6275 NANCY RIDGE DRIVE, SUITE 110

SAN DIEGO
CA
                                                        
                                                    92121


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      858-550-9994
SEC SIC CODE:2836-BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS, (NO DISGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES)







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/29/2017
4 filed on 05/17/2017
5 filed on 05/09/2017
4 filed on 02/21/2017
4 filed on 11/18/2016
4 filed on 08/23/2016
4 filed on 07/13/2016
5 filed on 07/09/2015
4 filed on 06/08/2015
4 filed on 03/16/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Sharon Collins Presnell, PhD «  World Stem Cell Summit
















































 























Home
All Speakers
Sharon Collins Presnell, PhD








 Sharon Collins Presnell, PhD
Orgonovo and Samsara Sciences

Chief Scientific Officer, Organovo
President, Samsara Sciences
Chapel Hill, NC
Sharon Collins Presnell, PhD, Chief Scientific Officer (Organovo) and President (Samsara Sciences), has more than 17 years of experience in the leadership of product-focused R&D. At the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Dr. Presnell’s research in liver and prostate biology and carcinogenesis produced cell- and tissue-based technologies that were industry-funded or outlicensed for industrial applications. She joined Becton Dickinson (BD) in 2001 and played a key role in the early discovery and development of cell-based tools and reagents for BD’s life sciences portfolio. At BD, she grew and led a large multi-disciplinary team to build and validate screening platforms and products for cell growth, differentiation, and characterization and secured revenue-generating commercial partnerships with pharma partners. Sharon joined Tengion, Inc. in 2007, and as the Senior Vice President of Regenerative Medicine Research, was responsible for leading the discovery and early development of Tengion’s Neo-Kidney Augment™, a clinical-stage cell-based therapy for patients with chronic kidney disease. As the Chief Technology Officer at Organovo, Dr. Presnell led the growth and development of the R&D organization, including evolution of the company’s technology portfolio, and has played an instrumental role in securing funds in support of corporate growth initiatives. In 2015, she led the establishment of Samsara Sciences, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Organovo, a company focused on the ethical and comprehensive provision of human cellular reagents for discovery and regenerative medicine applications. She currently serves as the President of Samsara Sciences and the Chief Scientific Officer of Organovo. Sharon holds a PhD in pathology from the Medical College of Virginia. Dr. Presnell is a member of the American Society of Investigative Pathology, the American Society of Nephrology, and the International Society of Cell Transplantation, serves on the editorial board of the journal ‘3D Printing and Additive Manufacturing’, and remains active as an NIH reviewer as an industry representative in the biomedical engineering space.
 



My Sessions
View full schedule                                        








December 9, 2016
From Rejection to Regeneration (Session Supported by IIAM)

1:30 pm - 2:30 pm
Ballroom A

Hot Topics & Future Trends










                                View full schedule                                










PREV NEXT 














































Sharon Collins Presnell, PhD | HBA


































Skip to main content




HBA CommunityMember Login




Search form
Search









Join/Renew
Help









Toggle navigation













Home
Sharon Collins Presnell, PhD
 





 






















 


Sharon Collins Presnell, PhD



Sharon Collins Presnell, PhD, chief technology officer and executive vice president of research and development, has more than 16 years of experience in the leadership of product-focused R&D. As an assistant professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Dr. Presnell’s research in liver and prostate biology and carcinogenesis produced cell- and tissue-based technologies that were outlicensed for industrial applications. She joined Becton Dickinson (BD) in 2001 and played a key role in the early discovery and development of cell-based tools and reagents for BD's life sciences portfolio. At BD, she grew and led a large multi-disciplinary team to build and validate screening platforms for cell growth, differentiation and characterization and secured revenue-generating commercial partnerships with pharma partners. Sharon joined Tengion, Inc. in 2007, and as the senior vice president of regenerative medicine research, was responsible for leading the discovery and early development of Tengion’s Neo-Kidney Augment™, a cell-based therapy now in clinical trials for patients with chronic kidney disease. As the chief technology officer at Organovo, Dr. Presnell has led the growth and development of the R&D organization, including evolution of the company’s technology portfolio, and has played an instrumental role in securing funds in support of corporate growth initiatives. Sharon holds a PhD in pathology from the Medical College of Virginia.
www.organovo.com 










 







Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Contact Us


        Copyright © 2017 HBA. All rights reserved.
      






