    Robert Preti | Progenitor Cell Therapy , LLC | ZoomInfo.com





Robert A. Preti, PhD

























































About

Leadership
Cell Therapy Expertise
Bicoastal Facilities
Hitachi Chemical
Careers

Clinical Manufacturing

Technology Transfer
cGMP Manufacturing, Infrastructure and Systems
Global Logistics and Storage

Manufacturing and Technology Development

The Center for Innovation and Engineering
Process Development
Analytical Development
Consulting

Strategic Manufacturing Assessment
Strategic Commercial Manufacturing Plan


Insights

PCT Pulse Blog
Case Studies
Publications
Presentations

News

PCT in the News
Upcoming Events

Contact

Careers













 























Robert A. Preti, PhD
Chief Executive Officer and President










Your vision is our focus. Our passion is your success! Our team is honored each time we earn the opportunity to convert a client to a PCT ambassador.
Robert “Bob” Preti is PCT’s co-founder and the visionary behind its successful growth and development strategy over much of the last two decades. Upon PCT’s acquisition by Hitachi Chemical Co. America, Ltd. (Hitachi Chemical’s consolidated subsidiary) in May 2017, Bob’s role expanded to Chief Executive Officer and President of PCT, responsible for development, management and oversight of the global business operations of Hitachi Chemical’s regenerative medicine business unit.
Bob built PCT to meet a recognized need for high quality manufacturing and development services in an emerging industry. As the cell therapy field has grown, so too has PCT- the company has now served over 100 Clients and performed more than 20,000 cell therapy procedures. His leadership has been instrumental in creating PCT’s Client-focused model that helps bridge the gap between discovery and patient care through efficient transfer of cell-based therapies from laboratory into clinical practice. His vision for PCT includes expansion of its manufacturing capacity in the U.S., Asia and Europe, as well as the development of new technological and engineering innovations that will help streamline and automate many cell processing techniques, leading to faster scale up, appropriate cost of goods, and robust quality for the industry.
Before assuming his role at PCT, Bob held a number of positions within the cellular therapy and blood banking fields. From 1996 to 1999, he was the director of hematopoietic stem cell processing and applied research at Hackensack University Medical Center in Hackensack, N.J. He served in several capacities with the New York Blood Center from 1990 to 1997, including tissue bank director, director of hematopoietic stem cell processing, scientific director and associate investigator. He also worked as a research scientist for Marrow-Tech Incorporated, which went on to become Advanced Tissue Sciences (ATIS), where work in his laboratory lead to the Dermagraft product currently marketed by Organogenesis.
Bob began his career in academics, teaching first as an elementary and secondary level educator, then as an adjunct assistant professor and lecturer at Hunter College, an assistant professor at Queensborough Community College, and then adjunct assistant professor at York College. He also has served as clinical assistant professor of medicine for New York Medical College in Valhalla, N.Y.
Also active in the public health arena, Bob has served on the Stem Cell Banking Committee and Cord Blood Subcommittee of the New York State Department of Health and on the New Jersey State Department of Health’s Blood Bank Advisory Committee, chairing the Hematopoietic Progenitor Cell Processing Subcommittee. In addition, he has served in a leadership capacity for many professional organizations, including treasurer and founding member of the International Society of Hematotherapy and Graft Engineering, now called ISCT (International Society for Cellular Therapy). He has published and presented extensively on a variety of topics relating to cellular therapies. He recently completed a five year term as a director for AABB, and is currently Chairman for the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (ARM), where, among other activities, he previously served as Vice Chairman from 2015 to 2016 and co-chaired the Standards and Technology Committee.
Bob holds a BS degree in biology from Fordham University, and a MS degree and Doctorate, both in biology, from New York University



































About
Cell Therapy Expertise
Clinical Manufacturing
Manufacturing and Technology Development
Contact








Careers
Privacy Policy
















 



















© 2017 PCT Cell Therapy Services, LLC









































President of PCT, Robert Preti, PhD, Named Chairman of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine























































About

Leadership
Cell Therapy Expertise
Bicoastal Facilities
Hitachi Chemical
Careers

Clinical Manufacturing

Technology Transfer
cGMP Manufacturing, Infrastructure and Systems
Global Logistics and Storage

Manufacturing and Technology Development

The Center for Innovation and Engineering
Process Development
Analytical Development
Consulting

Strategic Manufacturing Assessment
Strategic Commercial Manufacturing Plan


Insights

PCT Pulse Blog
Case Studies
Publications
Presentations

News

PCT in the News
Upcoming Events

Contact

Careers













 



































President of PCT, Robert Preti, PhD, Named Chairman of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine



                               [fa icon="calendar'] June 27, 2016 / by
                                
                                    PCT Team
                                
                                 
                             posted in
                                
                                    Meet PCT,
                                
                                    PCT News,
                                
                                    featured


PCT announces that Robert A. Preti, Ph.D., the Company’s Chief Technology Officer, President of PCT,  has been named Chairman of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (ARM), the international advocacy organization representing the gene and cell therapies and broader regenerative medicine sector. Dr. Preti has served as Vice Chairman of ARM since January 2015 and succeeds Edward Lanphier as Chairman.

Previous to his role as Vice Chairman, Dr. Preti was Executive Committee member and co-chair of the Science and Technology Committee at ARM. As Vice Chair, Dr. Preti has been responsible for the support and promotion of ARM’s global strategy aimed at increasing funding for research and the commercial development of advanced gene- and cell-based therapies, as well as addressing industry issues around regulatory science and reimbursement that will support marketing approval and subsequent commercial acceptance of safe and effective regenerative medicine products.
“ARM’s dedication to advancing regenerative medicine and cell therapies and to bringing its stakeholders together is unprecedented, and aligns with PCT’s own vision of contributing to a world in which transformative cell-based therapeutics are accessible to all patients in need.”
“It has been a rewarding experience working with ARM both since its founding and in an executive capacity in recent years, and I’m excited to continue that relationship by serving as Chairman,” said Dr. Preti. “ARM’s dedication to advancing regenerative medicine and cell therapies and to bringing its stakeholders together is unprecedented, and aligns with PCT’s own vision of contributing to a world in which transformative cell-based therapeutics are accessible to all patients in need.”
“With this transition, we welcome Bob’s expanded leadership role at ARM as our new chairman,” said Morrie Ruffin, managing director, ARM. “He brings deep knowledge of the organization, unparalleled experience as a leader in the cell and gene therapy sectors and a keen understanding of the clinical and commercial requirements for success.”
Dr. Preti is co-founder of PCT and the visionary behind its successful growth and development over much of the last two decades. Dr. Preti founded PCT to meet a recognized need for high quality manufacturing and development services in an emerging industry. His leadership has been instrumental in creating PCT’s client-focused model that helps bridge the gap between discovery and patient care through efficient transfer of cell-based therapies from laboratory to clinical practice to commercialization.   Before founding PCT, Dr. Preti held a number of positions within the cellular therapy and blood banking fields. In addition, Dr. Preti has served on the Stem Cell Banking Committee and Cord Blood Subcommittee of the New York State Department of Health and on the New Jersey State Department of Health’s Blood Bank Advisory Committee, chairing the Hematopoietic Progenitor Cell Processing Subcommittee. He has served in a leadership capacity for many professional organizations, including Treasurer and founding member of the International Society of Hematotherapy and Graft Engineering, now called ISCT (International Society for Cellular Therapy). He has published and presented extensively on a variety of topics relating to cellular therapies. He recently completed a five-year term as a director for AABB (formerly the American Association of Blood Banks).































     
























Subscribe to receive insightful blog posts on cell therapy development, manufacturing and commercialization.


















Categories

Quality
Sustainability
Commercialization
Engagement
Cell Expertise
Innovation & Engineering



















News Archives



June 2017 (1)


May 2017 (4)


April 2017 (2)


March 2017 (3)


February 2017 (1)






















PCT Pulse




Counterflow Centrifuge Device Receives 2017 Good Design Award®




Orchard Therapeutics Ltd. Announces a Manufacturing Services Agreement with PCT Cell Therapy Services, LLC




PCT to be Hitachi Chemical’s global brand in fast-growing regenerative medicine market




Executive Interview - PCT: Manufacturing the Future of Cell Therapies




Understanding Today’s CAR-T Cell Therapy Manufacturing Challenges




Planning Ahead: Selecting Appropriate Source Materials for Cell-Based Therapy Manufacturing




Impact of Apheresis Collection Quality on Manufacturing of Cell Therapeutics




































About
Cell Therapy Expertise
Clinical Manufacturing
Manufacturing and Technology Development
Contact








Careers
Privacy Policy
















 



















© 2017 PCT Cell Therapy Services, LLC
















































Robert A Preti - Astoria, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert A Preti in Astoria, NY


Robert A Preti

                                                                                                   Intelius found that Robert A Preti  is  between 30 and 30 years old from Astoria, NY.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Robert A Preti is in his 30s

Robert Has Lived In

Astoria, NY
New York, NY
Allendale, NJ







Robert A Preti



Zodiac SignVirgo



Professional Status
President and Chief Scientific Officer at Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert A Preti
Get a Criminal Check on Robert A Preti
Get a Public Record Report on Robert A Preti
Get a People Search Report on Robert A Preti


Robert A Preti's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert A Preti has lived as well as Robert A Preti's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert A Preti Has Lived in 2 States
New York Address for Robert A Preti


3039 3*** S* 

Astoria, NY


Has Lived In

Astoria, NY
New York, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert A Preti

(201) ***-**** - Allendale, NJ 
(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert A Preti

r****i@***.com
r****i@***.com
r****i@***.com


Get Email Report




Robert A Preti's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Robert A Preti's academic history.  Find out which schools Robert A Preti attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Robert A Preti received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert A Preti Has Attended 4 Schools
New York University 1982 – 1987               Robert A Preti has a PhD in Hematology, Cell Biology, Metabolism               
New York University               1982 – 1987               Robert A Preti has a Phd, Hematology, Cell Biology, Metabolism in Hematology               
Fordham University               1975 – 1978               Robert A Preti has a Bachelor of Science (bs) in Biology, General               
Fordham University               1975 – 1978               Robert A Preti has a Bachelor of Science (bs), Biology, General in Biology               


Robert A Preti's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert A Preti's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert A Preti has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert A Preti Has Worked at 11 Places
Company: Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.
               Title: President and Chief Scientific Officer
Company: Neostem, Inc.
               Title: Chief Scientific Officer; President, Progenitor Cell Therapy
Robert A Preti's Experience
Title: President and Chief Scientific Officer
               Company: Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $10 mil to less than $25 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500
Title: Chief Scientific Officer; President, Progenitor Cell Therapy
               Company: Neostem, Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Robert A Preti

 See Robert A Preti's LinkedIn Profile



Robert A Preti's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert A Preti


Robert A Preti's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert A Preti's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Preti
Username Matches

                  RobertPreti
                  PretiRobert
                  Robert.Preti
                  Preti.Robert
                  Robert_Preti
                  Preti_Robert
                  Robert-Preti
                  Preti-Robert
                  RPreti
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Preti







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 








NeoStem CSO Dr. Robert Preti Elected Vice Chairman of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine | Caladrius


























































































 























NeoStem CSO Dr. Robert Preti Elected Vice Chairman of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine











0

NeoStem CSO Dr. Robert Preti Elected Vice Chairman of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine


November 25, 2014    				   	












Robert A. Preti, Ph.D. to take on new role at industry advocacy organization effective January 1, 2015
New York, November 25, 2014 — NeoStem, Inc. (Nasdaq:NBS) announced today that Dr. Robert Preti, the Company’s Chief Scientific Officer and President of its subsidiary, Progenitor Cell Therapy (“PCT”), has been elected Vice Chairman of the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (ARM), an international organization representing the regenerative medicine and advanced therapies community. Dr. Preti will serve in this role effective January 1, 2015.
“I am honored by this appointment and look forward to a meaningful contribution as an Officer to further develop and implement ARM’s strategy for regenerative medicine advocacy during the course of my term,” said Dr. Preti, who had previously served as Executive Committee member and co-chair of the Science and Technology Committee at ARM. As Vice Chair, Dr. Preti will be responsible for the support and promotion of ARM’s national strategy aimed at increasing funding for research and the commercial development of advanced cell-based therapies, as well as to address industry issues around regulatory science and reimbursement that will support regulatory approval and subsequent commercial acceptance of safe and effective regenerative medicine products.
“We extend our congratulations to Dr. Preti for this notable appointment which continues our Company’s long association with ARM,” said Dr. Robin L. Smith, Chairman and CEO of NeoStem. “NeoStem believes it is of critical importance that companies and research organizations engage with industry to steadily progress the regenerative medicine industry as a whole by informing the public and by engaging with regulatory bodies both in the U.S. and internationally.”
The Washington D.C. based Alliance for Regenerative Medicine was founded in 2009 to address a need for cohesive advocacy amongst companies, research institutions, investors and patient groups that comprise the regenerative medicine community. With more than 200 members, the organization aims to advance regenerative medicine by representing, supporting, and engaging all stakeholders in the field through strategic initiatives that accelerate the development of safe and effective regenerative medicine technologies around the world.
About NeoStem, Inc.
NeoStem is a leader in the emerging cellular therapy industry, pursuing the preservation and enhancement of human health globally through the development of cell based therapeutics that prevent, treat or cure disease by repairing and replacing damaged or aged tissue, cells and organs and restoring their normal function. The business includes the development of novel proprietary cell therapy products as well as a revenue-generating contract development and manufacturing service business. This combination has created an organization with unique capabilities for cost effective in-house product development and immediate revenue and cash flow generation. www.neostem.com
About PCT
Progenitor Cell Therapy (PCT), a wholly owned subsidiary of NeoStem, Inc., is a leading contract development and manufacturing organization in the cellular therapy industry. For over 15 years, PCT has provided pre-clinical and clinical cGMP development and manufacturing services to more than 100 clients, advancing regenerative medicine product candidates from the development stage all the way through to human testing. PCT has two cGMP-compliant, state-of-the art facilities in New Jersey and California to serve the cell therapy industry and offers manufacturing of cell therapy-based products, engineering and innovation services, process and product development, cell and tissue processing, collection and storage, regulatory consulting, facility design, validation, and due diligence evaluations. www.pctcelltherapy.com
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current expectations, as of the date of this press release, and involve certain risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include statements herein with respect to the successful execution of the Company’s business strategy, the Company’s ability to develop and grow its business, the successful development of cellular therapies with respect to the Company’s research and development and clinical evaluation efforts in connection with the Company’s Targeted Immunotherapy Program, Ischemic Repair Program, Immune Modulation Program and other cell therapies, the future of the regenerative medicine industry and the role of stem cells and cellular therapy in that industry, and the performance and planned expansion of the Company’s contract development and manufacturing business. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Factors that could cause future results to materially differ from the recent results or those projected in forward-looking statements include the “Risk Factors” described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 13, 2014, the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 8, 2014 and in the Company’s other periodic filings with the SEC. The Company’s further development is highly dependent on future medical and research developments and market acceptance, which is outside of its control.
 















 





































Manufacturing Considerations for NeoStem’s Acquisition of California Stem Cell - The Chairman's Blog



























 





















Log In




Connect with:

















Create your account






Login with your account











Remember me 


Forgot your password?

























Manufacturing Considerations for NeoStem’s Acquisition of California Stem Cell

Posted on May 1st, 2014      by Robert Preti








facebook





linkedin





twitter





google+





























Email Article


Your email address is not valid.




From





To















                                            You have successfully emailed the post.
                                        



 


 
Recently, NeoStem made the very exciting announcement that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire California Stem Cell, Inc. (“CSC”) and with it, its innovative cancer immunotherapy Melapuldencel-T.  This acquisition is significant to the company for a number of reasons, but, as the Chief Scientific Officer of NeoStem and the President of Progenitor Cell Therapy (“PCT”) I am personally excited to tell you how I see great synergy between this acquisition and our own manufacturing capabilities.
First, a bit about me, I have served on the Stem Cell Banking Committee and Cord Blood Subcommittee of the New York State Department of Health and on the New Jersey State Department of Health’s Blood Bank Advisory Committee, chairing the Hematopoietic Progenitor Cell Processing Subcommittee. In addition, I have served in a leadership capacity for many professional organizations, including treasurer and founding member of the International Society of Hematotherapy and Graft Engineering, now called ISCT (International Society for Cellular Therapy). I recently completed a five year term as a director for AABB, and am currently an Executive Committee member for the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (ARM), where, among other activities, I co-chair the Standards and Technology Committee.
PCT, which I co-founded more than a decade ago, was originally built in response to a recognized need for high quality manufacturing and development services in an emerging industry. As the cell therapy field has grown, so too has PCT— the company has now served over 100 clients and performed more than 30,000 cell therapy procedures.  Since PCT was acquired by NeoStem in 2011, we have found unique synergies and efficiencies in being a single company paving the way in this industry. As with the acquisition of PCT, NeoStem believes in seeking growth by way of strategic procurement and we have continued to remain opportunistic as the field matures and consolidation presents opportunities for those like us with the specialized knowledge base and expertise associated with this industry.
As part of our due diligence for this transaction, the NeoStem team, including representatives from our scientific, technical, manufacturing and quality teams, evaluated  CSC’s entire manufacturing process as it has been developed over the years.  We studied both the current and previous processes for generation of DC-TC (autologous dendritic cells pulsed with irradiated tumor cells) and have satisfied ourselves that improvements to the manufacturing process for the generation of the patient-specific cancer initiating cells used to load the dendritic cells and direct the immunotherapy towards the patients’ cells expressing that unique antigen profile both reduced the time to manufacture the cell line and significantly improved the success rate to generate the TC line for patients enrolled in the trial.   CSC scientists and product development personnel recognized a few years ago the need to improve on the success rate of TC line generation, and we were pleased to conclude that  they have  overcome this limitation through enhancements in the tumor cell collection and handling, the transport media, and adaptations in the manufacturing process itself through the use of microsphere formation ahead of cell line expansion.  Importantly, FDA has agreed that these changes have been implemented in a way that  maintains comparability between the previous process and the current process.
Our diligence convinced me that CSC’s products and processes are a natural fit with NeoStem’s unique clinical, regulatory and manufacturing expertise.  Here are just some of the reasons:

Using PCT’s in-house manufacturing services for Melapuldencel-T allows for efficient and cost effective manufacturing at all stages of development, including for this late stage product candidate.
PCT’s Engineering & Innovation Center, focusing on automation and cost reduction strategies, is expected to be valuable to advancing Melapuldencel-T through its Phase 3 clinical trial and beyond in a way that results in high product quality with a reasonable cost of goods over the commercial life of the product.
PCT’s expertise will be invaluable as we have helped many clients in their development for immunotherapy products, including Provenge for which PCT performed the manufacturing process during the development process through BLA submission.
PCT has in place the additional capabilities CSC will need for robust product manufacturing and logistics for a multi-center Phase 3 trial and cost effective production for commercial sales if the CSC product is approved.
Additionally, NeoStem can leverage CSC’s expertise in immunotherapy and the capacity in Irvine, both infrastructural and human, to do additional manufacturing and/or development work to advance CSC’s (NeoStem’s once the acquisition is complete) platform technology as well as those of PCT’s client base.

I am excited to welcome CSC’s management and staff into our growing company, and look forward to integrating and moving ahead with Melapuldencel–T and other cancer immunotherapy products.
 










facebook





linkedin





twitter





google+
























 

 
Previous Post








Posted on April 24th, 2014

Welcome to Dr. Losordo’s Blog
















 
                Robert A. Preti, Ph.D.
            

                Robert “Bob” Preti is PCT’s co-founder and the visionary behind its succes...                

                 Read more ...















            Company Website: http://www.caladrius.com/




Trending posts

 Reverse Stock Splits & Uplisting
 Optimism and Opportunity as we Initiate Clinical Trials for MGMT-unmethylated GBM Patients at MD Anderson
 The Ebola, Dengue, Enterovirus, and Chikungunya Outbreaks




RelatedArticles you may be interested in:






Posted on April 7th, 2014
By
                            
                                Robin L. Smith, M.D., MBA | Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.




An Update from Dr. Robin Smith, Chairman and CEO
Greetings from NeoStem where we have recently filed our Company’s 2013 Annual Report on form 10-k, which can be found here, with the SEC and made it available to shareholders, providing a great opportunity to update our investors and the public on NeoStem’s business by looking back at 2013 and ahead to our outlook for… Read More …








Posted on May 30th, 2014
By
                            
                                Robin L. Smith, M.D., MBA | Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.




NeoStem’s Opportunistic Growth Strategy
Some have asked the question, “Why did NeoStem make its recent acquisition of California Stem Cell, Inc. (CSC), adding another technology platform to its pipeline, if NeoStem’s pipeline was already strong and the Company is nearing anticipated data releases this year?” The answer is quite simply that this acquisition is entirely in keeping with the… Read More …








Posted on March 19th, 2015
By
                            
                                David J. Mazzo, Ph.D. | Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.




CEO Letter to NeoStem Shareholders
Dear NeoStem Shareholders, As you might imagine, the first two months of my tenure as the Chief Executive Officer of NeoStem have been hectic, stimulating and enlightening.  I can assure you that I am as excited as ever about our prospects to bring paradigm-changing new therapies to bear on diseases with high unmet medical need. … Read More …





Apply to contribute
Register for free

  More Blogs from Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. 
 




            Forward Looking Statements 
            This blog contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations, as of the date of this blog, and involve certain risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include statements herein with respect to the successful execution of the Company's business strategy, the Company's ability to develop and grow its business, the successful development of cellular therapies with respect to the Company's research and development and clinical evaluation efforts in connection with the Company's Immuno-oncology Program, Ischemic Repair Program, Immune Modulation Program and other cell therapies, the future of the regenerative medicine industry and the role of stem cells and cellular therapy in that industry, and the performance and planned expansion of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary and its center of excellence for cell therapy process development, engineering and manufacturing, PCT. The Company's further development is highly dependent on future medical and research developments and market acceptance, which is outside of its control. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the business of the Company in general, see the factors described under the heading, “Item 1A.  Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2015 and those described in the Company's other periodic filings with the SEC. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.        
This Blog is official and sanctioned by Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.








Home
Contributors
Companies
About
Contact
Legal



Copyright © 2014 The Chairman’s Blog. All Rights Reserved.



        Get Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. Blog Post Alerts
        



















































RelatedArticles you may be interested in:






Posted on April 7th, 2014
By
                            
                                Robin L. Smith, M.D., MBA | Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.




An Update from Dr. Robin Smith, Chairman and CEO
Greetings from NeoStem where we have recently filed our Company’s 2013 Annual Report on form 10-k, which can be found here, with the SEC and made it available to shareholders, providing a great opportunity to update our investors and the public on NeoStem’s business by looking back at 2013 and ahead to our outlook for… Read More …








Posted on May 30th, 2014
By
                            
                                Robin L. Smith, M.D., MBA | Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.




NeoStem’s Opportunistic Growth Strategy
Some have asked the question, “Why did NeoStem make its recent acquisition of California Stem Cell, Inc. (CSC), adding another technology platform to its pipeline, if NeoStem’s pipeline was already strong and the Company is nearing anticipated data releases this year?” The answer is quite simply that this acquisition is entirely in keeping with the… Read More …








Posted on March 19th, 2015
By
                            
                                David J. Mazzo, Ph.D. | Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.




CEO Letter to NeoStem Shareholders
Dear NeoStem Shareholders, As you might imagine, the first two months of my tenure as the Chief Executive Officer of NeoStem have been hectic, stimulating and enlightening.  I can assure you that I am as excited as ever about our prospects to bring paradigm-changing new therapies to bear on diseases with high unmet medical need. … Read More …




Close







Robert Preti | The Stem Cellar













































The Stem Cellar
The Official Blog of CIRM, California's Stem Cell Agency










					Robert Preti				



Stem cell and gene therapy research gets a good report card from industry leader 
January 9, 2017 / Kevin McCormack  / Leave a comment



Panel discussion at ARM State of the industry briefing: left to Right Robert Preti, Chair ARM; Jeff Walsh, bluebird bio; Manfred Rudiger, Kiadis Pharma; Barbara Sasu, Pfizer;  Thomas Farrell, Bellicum Pharmaceuticals. Photo courtesy ARM.
The state of the regenerative medicine field is strong and getting stronger. That was the bottom line verdict at the 2017 Cell and Gene Therapies State of the Industry briefing in San Francisco.
The briefing, an annual update on the field presented by the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (ARM), gave a “by the numbers” look at the field and apart from one negative spot everything is moving in the right direction.
Robert Preti, Chair of ARM’s Board, said worldwide there are more than 750 regenerative companies working in the stem cell and gene therapy space. And those companies are increasingly moving the research out of the lab and into clinical trials in people.
For example, at the end of 2016 there were 802 clinical trials underway. That is a 21 percent growth over 2015. Those breakdown as follows:
Phase 1 – 271 (compared to 192 in 2015)
Phase 2 – 465 (compared to 376 in 2015)
Phase 3 – 66 (compared to 63 in 2015)
The bulk of these clinical trials, 45 percent, are focused on cancer. The second largest target, 11 percent, is on heart disease. The number of trials for neurological disorders and rare diseases are also growing in number.
Preti says the industry is at an important inflection point right now and that this growth is presenting new problems:
“The pipeline of products is robust and the technologies supporting that pipeline is even more robust. The technologies that are fueling the growth in clinical activity have accelerated so fast that we on the manufacturing side are playing catchup. We are at a point where we have to get serious about large scale commercial production.”
Preti also talked about “harmonization” of the regulatory process and the need to have a system that makes it easier for products approved for clinical trials in one country, to get approval for clinical trials in other countries.
Michael Werner, the executive director of ARM, said the organization has played a key role in helping promote the field and cited the recently passed 21st Century Cures Act as “a major win and a powerful statement of ARM’s leadership in this sector.”
But there was one area where the news wasn’t all positive, the ability of companies to raise capital. In 2015 companies raised $11 billion for research. In 2016 it was less than half of that, $5.3 billion.
With that somber note in mind it was appropriate that the panel discussion that followed the briefing was focused on the near-term and long-term challenges facing the field if it was to be commercially successful.
One of the big challenges was the issue of regulatory approval, and here the panel seemed to be more optimistic than in previous years.
Manfred Rüdiger of Kiadis Pharma said he was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to work with different regulatory agencies in the US, Canada and Europe.
“We used them as a kind of free consultancy service, listening to their advice and making the changes they suggested so that we were able to use the same manufacturing process in Europe and Canada and the US.”
Jeff Walsh of bluebird bio, said the key to having a good working relationship with regulatory agencies like the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is simple:
“Trust and transparency between you and the regulatory agencies is essential, it’s a critical factor in advancing your work. The agencies respond well when you have that trust. One thing we can’t be is afraid to ask. The agencies will tell you where their line is, but don’t be afraid to ask or to push the boundaries. This is new for everyone, companies and regulators, so if you are pushing it helps create the environment that allows you to work together to develop safe therapies that benefit patients.”
Another big issue was scalability in manufacturing; that it’s one thing to produce enough of a product to carry out a clinical trial but completely different if you are hoping to use that same product to treat millions of people spread out all over the US or the world.
And of course cost is always something that is front and center in people’s minds. How do you develop therapies that are not just safe and effective, but also affordable? How do companies ensure they will get reimbursed by health insurers for the treatments? No one had any simple answer to what are clearly very complex problems. But all recognized the need to start thinking about these now, long before the treatments themselves are even ready.
Walsh ended by saying:
“This is not just about what can you charge but what should you charge. We have a responsibility to engage with the agencies and ultimately the payers that make these decisions, in the same way we engage with regulatory agencies; with a sense of openness, trust and transparency. Too often companies wait too long, too late before turning to the payers and trying to decide what is appropriate to charge.”
 
 
Share this:TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmailLike this:Like Loading... 






Search for:



The Stem Cellar in your Inbox

Enter your email address to follow The Stem Cellar Blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.







 


Like Us on Facebook 

Like Us on Facebook

Follow CIRM on Instagram


Follow CIRM on TwitterMy TweetsFlickr Photos


 

			More Photos		


CategoriesCategories
Select Category
10 Years of iPSCs
Accelerating Center
Adult Stem Cells
Age-Related Disease
Aging
Alliance for Regenerative Medicine
Alpha Stem Cell Clinics Network
ALS
Alzheimer’s
Arthritis
Asterias Biotherapeutics
Autism
Basic Research
Biotechnology
Blindness
Blood stem cells
Bone/Muscle/Blood
Brain stem cells
BrainStorm Cell Therapeutics
Buck Institute
C. Randal Mills
Caladrius
California Institute for Regenerative Medicine
California State University San Marcos
Calimmune
CalTech
Cancer
Cancer Stem Cells
Capricor
CDI
Cedars-Sinai Medical Center
Cell Type
CHORI
CIRM 2.0
CIRM Annual Report
CIRM Board
CIRM Bridges Program
CIRM Creativity Program
CIRM Fights Cancer
CIRM funded research
CIRM News
CIRM Scholars
CIRM SPARK program
CIRM Strategic Plan
City of Hope
Clinical Advisory Panel (CAP)
Clinical Trials
Collaborative Funding Partnerships
Conferences
Coriell Institute
cystinosis
Diabetes
Discovery Research
Disease Areas
Duchenne muscular dystrophy
Education
Embryonic Stem Cells
Epidermylosis bullosa
Ethics and Policy
Events
Features
Food and Drug Administration
Gastrointestinal Disease
Gene editing
Genes + Cells
Genetic Disorders
Genomics
Gladstone Institutes
Goldwater Institute
Harvard
Hearing Loss
Heart Disease/Stroke
HIV/AIDS
Humacyte
Huntington’s Disease
ICOC Board Meetings
Immune Disease
Industry News
Infertility
Informed consent
Injury
iPS Cells
iPSC Repository
ISSCR Annual Meeting
jCyte
Kidney disease
Liver Disease
Lung Disease
Macular degeneration
Maria Millan
mesenchymal stem cells
Mesothelioma
Mitochondrial Disorders
Multiple sclerosis
muscle stem cells
Muscles
Muscular Dystrophy
National Institutes of Health
Neurological Disorders
News
Obstetrics/Gynecology
Orchard Therapeutics Ltd.
Parkinson’s
Parkinson’s Institute
Patient Advocacy
Patient Advocate event
Paul Knoepfler
Pharmaceutical industry
Profiles in Courage
Rare Diseases
Research News
Retinitis pigmentosa
Right to Try
Salk Institute
Sanford Consortium
Sangamo BioSciences
Scripps Research Institute
Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
sickle cell disease
Spinal cord injury
Sports Medicine
St. Jude’s Children’s Hospital
Standards Working Group
Stanford University
Stem Cell Awareness Day
Stem Cell Center
Stem cell champion
Stem cell research
Stem Cell Resolution
Stem cell tourism
Stem cells
Stem Cells in your Face
Stories of Hope
Stroke
Students
Super Cells science exhibit
Throwback Thursday
Translating Center
Translational research
UC Berkeley
UC Davis
UC Irvine
UC Los Angeles
UC Riverside
UC San Diego
UC San Francisco
UC Santa Barbara
UC Santa Cruz
Uncategorized
University of Southern California
ViaCyte
Videos
Virology/Immunology
Vision loss
Weekly Roundup
World Stem Cell Summit


Archives Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 July 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 February 2008 
 September 2007 
 August 2007 
 April 2007 

Top Read Posts 

						CIRM-funded life-saving stem cell therapy gets nod of approval from FDA					



						UC Irvine scientists engineer stem cells to “feel” cancer and destroy it					



						Novel diabetes therapy uses stem cell “teachers” to calm immune cells					

  Recent Posts 

UC Irvine scientists engineer stem cells to “feel” cancer and destroy it


Unfolding Collaboration: New EuroStemCell video about promoting public engagement around stem cells


CIRM-funded life-saving stem cell therapy gets nod of approval from FDA


 Recent Comments 

							Paul Knoepfler on ‘Pay-to-Participate’ stem cell clinical studies, the ugly stepchild of ClinicalTrials.gov 

							Steven on New Stem Cell Treatment for ALS May Slow Disease Progression 

Ralph Bright on ‘Pay-to-Participate’ stem cell clinical studies, the ugly stepchild of ClinicalTrials.gov 

TagsAdult stem cells
Aging
ALS
Alzheimer's
Asterias Biotherapeutics
Autism
beta-cells
Blindness
Blood stem cells
Bone
Bone marrow transplant
Brain
C. Randal MIlls
California Institute for Regenerative Medicine
cancer
cancer stem cells
Capricor
Cedars-Sinai
Cell Stem Cell
CIRM
CIRM 2.0
CIRM Board
City of Hope
clinical trial
clinical trials
CRISPR
diabetes
direct reprogramming
Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy
education
embryonic stem cells
FDA
Food and Drug Administration
Gene editing
Gladstone Institutes
heart disease
Henry Klassen
HIV/AIDS
Huntington's
immune system
iPS cells
iPSCs
ISSCR
Jonathan Thomas
leukemia
Lou Gehrig's Disease
Macular degeneration
neurons
Parkinson's
Parkinson's Disease
Patient Advocacy
patient advocates
patients
Randy Mills
Researchers
Retinitis pigmentosa
Salk Institute
SCID
sickle cell disease
Spinal Cord Injury
Stanford University
stem cell research
Stem cells
stem cell therapy
stem cell transplant
strategic plan
type 1 diabetes
UC Davis
UC Irvine
UC Los Angeles
UC San Diego
UCSF
USC
Viacyte
World Stem Cell Summit 













Post to



Cancel







 








Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			









 
 
%d bloggers like this:










































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















ARM Chairman: Robert Preti | Alliance for Regenerative Medicine




































Jump to Navigation






Alliance for Regenerative Medicine





User login

Log in
Username or e-mail *



Password *


Request new password


 







Search form

Search 





 



    







ARM Chairman: Robert Preti





 Robert “Bob” Preti is PCT’s co-founder and the visionary behind its successful growth and development strategy over much of the last two decades. Upon PCT’s acquisition by Hitachi Chemical Co. America, Ltd. (Hitachi Chemical’s consolidated subsidiary) in May 2017, Bob’s role expanded to Chief Executive Officer and President of PCT, responsible for development, management and oversight of the global business operations of Hitachi Chemical’s regenerative medicine business unit.
Bob built PCT to meet a recognized need for high quality manufacturing and development services in an emerging industry. As the cell therapy field has grown, so too has PCT- the company has now served over 100 Clients and performed more than 20,000 cell therapy procedures. His leadership has been instrumental in creating PCT’s Client-focused model that helps bridge the gap between discovery and patient care through efficient transfer of cell-based therapies from laboratory into clinical practice. His vision for PCT includes expansion of its manufacturing capacity in the U.S., Asia and Europe, as well as the development of new technological and engineering innovations that will help streamline and automate many cell processing techniques, leading to faster scale up, appropriate cost of goods, and robust quality for the industry.
Before assuming his role at PCT, Bob held a number of positions within the cellular therapy and blood banking fields. From 1996 to 1999, he was the director of hematopoietic stem cell processing and applied research at Hackensack University Medical Center in Hackensack, N.J. He served in several capacities with the New York Blood Center from 1990 to 1997, including tissue bank director, director of hematopoietic stem cell processing, scientific director and associate investigator. He also worked as a research scientist for Marrow-Tech Incorporated, which went on to become Advanced Tissue Sciences (ATIS), where work in his laboratory lead to the Dermagraft product currently marketed by Organogenesis.
Bob began his career in academics, teaching first as an elementary and secondary level educator, then as an adjunct assistant professor and lecturer at Hunter College, an assistant professor at Queensborough Community College, and then adjunct assistant professor at York College. He also has served as clinical assistant professor of medicine for New York Medical College in Valhalla, N.Y.
Also active in the public health arena, Bob has served on the Stem Cell Banking Committee and Cord Blood Subcommittee of the New York State Department of Health and on the New Jersey State Department of Health’s Blood Bank Advisory Committee, chairing the Hematopoietic Progenitor Cell Processing Subcommittee. In addition, he has served in a leadership capacity for many professional organizations, including treasurer and founding member of the International Society of Hematotherapy and Graft Engineering, now called ISCT (International Society for Cellular Therapy). He has published and presented extensively on a variety of topics relating to cellular therapies. He recently completed a five year term as a director for AABB, and is currently Chairman for the Alliance for Regenerative Medicine (ARM), where, among other activities, he previously served as Vice Chairman from 2015 to 2016 and co-chaired the Standards and Technology Committee.
Bob holds a BS degree in biology from Fordham University, and a MS degree and Doctorate, both in biology, from New York University
 






Main menuHome
About Us
Members
Get Involved
About Regenerative Medicine
Events
ARM in Action
Media Center




Home
About UsAbout ARM
Officers, Board & Executive Committee
Management Team
Contact Us

MembersARM Members and Profiles
Become a Member
Member News

Get InvolvedBecome a Member
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Attend ARM Events

About Regenerative MedicineIndustry Overview
Promise and Potential
Clinical Trials & Products
Economics of RM

EventsARM EventsAdvanced Therapies Summit
ARM Reception @ BIO
Cell & Gene Exchange
Cell & Gene Meeting on the Mesa
Cell & Gene Therapy Investor Day
EU Advanced Therapies Investor Day
Patient Advocacy Roundtables
State of the Industry Briefing

Committee Meetings
Regenerative Medicine Industry Events
Past Events

ARM in ActionCommittees and Working Groups
Technology Sections
European Section
Patient Resources & Advocacy
Policy and Government Relations
Regulatory
Reimbursement
Science and Technology
Regenerative Medicine Promotion Act
ARM & Bioethics
ARM Political Action Committee
Regulatory & Legislative Priorities
ARM MOUs

Media CenterARM 2016 Annual Report
ARM Presentations & Publications
RM News
ARM Newsletter
ARM Press Releases
ARM in the News
Media Resources








About Us

About ARM
Executive Committee
Management Team
Contact Us
 


Featured




  
 Novartis CAR-T Cell Therapy CTL019 Unanimously (10-0) Recommended for Approval by FDA Advisory Committee to Treat Pediatric, Young Adult r/r B-cell ALL 
  July 13, 2017 – (Novartis) – "The panel's unanimous recommendation in favor of CTL019 moves us closer to potentially delivering the...  

 



Newsletter Signup



Regenerative Medicine




 > Alzheimer's and Regenerative Medicine  

 > Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS)  

 > Autoimmune Disorders & Regenerative Medicine  

 > Cardiovascular and Regenerative Medicine  

 > Diabetes and Regenerative Medicine  

 > MusculoSkeletal and Regenerative Medicine  

 > Ocular Disease and Regenerative Medicine  

 > Oncology and Regenerative Medicine   

 > Parkinson's Disease & Regenerative Medicine  

 > Rare Disease and Regenerative Medicine   

 






Home | About Us | Members | Get Involved | ARM in Action | Events | About Regenerative Medicine | Media Center | © 2016 Alliance for Regenerative Medicine | Site by Revunami






