    William Priesmeyer | Cymbet Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















William N Priesmeyer - Wayzata, MN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William N Priesmeyer in Wayzata, MN


William N Priesmeyer

                                                                           Intelius found that William N Priesmeyer  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Wayzata, MN.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

William Norman Priesmeyer


Get Report Now

Age

William N Priesmeyer is in his 70s

William Has Lived In

Wayzata, MN
Elk River, MN
Minnetonka, MN

William's Relatives

Kara Riedesel
Jeff Priesmeyer
Patricia Priesmeyer







William N Priesmeyer



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Cymbet Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William N Priesmeyer
Get a Criminal Check on William N Priesmeyer
Get a Public Record Report on William N Priesmeyer
Get a People Search Report on William N Priesmeyer


William N Priesmeyer's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William N Priesmeyer has lived as well as William N Priesmeyer's phone numbers and email addresses.




William N Priesmeyer Has Lived in 1 States
Minnesota Address for William N Priesmeyer


18977 C********* A** 

Wayzata, MN


Has Lived In

Wayzata, MN
Elk River, MN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William N Priesmeyer

(952) ***-**** - Wayzata, MN 
(763) ***-**** - Wayzata, MN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William N Priesmeyer



Get Email Report




William N Priesmeyer's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about William N Priesmeyer's academic history.  Find out which schools William N Priesmeyer attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees William N Priesmeyer received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William N Priesmeyer Has Attended 2 Schools
Norwich University William N Priesmeyer has a BA in Economics               
Long Island University                                             


William N Priesmeyer's Professional Information
Information regarding William N Priesmeyer's professional history.  Find out previous places William N Priesmeyer has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William N Priesmeyer Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Cymbet Corporation
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Digi International Inc
               
William N Priesmeyer's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Cymbet Corporation
Job Details
               Cymbet Corporation is the leader in solid state energy storage technology. Cymbet's proprietary technology utilizes semiconductor fabrication processes to produce a rechargeable energy storage device with no liquids, gels, or harmful chemicals. EnerChip™ devices have the unique capability to be packaged as standard semiconductor components, alone or with other integrated circuits. The company's batteries and integrated products enable new concepts in medical, sensor, IoT, RFID, industrial control, communications, and portable electronic devices.
Title: 
               Company: Digi International Inc
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on William N Priesmeyer

 See William N Priesmeyer's LinkedIn Profile



William N Priesmeyer's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William N Priesmeyer


William N Priesmeyer's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William N Priesmeyer's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Priesmeyer
Username Matches

                  WilliamPriesmeyer
                  PriesmeyerWilliam
                  William.Priesmeyer
                  Priesmeyer.William
                  William_Priesmeyer
                  Priesmeyer_William
                  William-Priesmeyer
                  Priesmeyer-William
                  WPriesmeyer
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Priesmeyer







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













William N. Priesmeyer: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:42 AM ET
Communications Equipment

Company Overview of Digi International Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William N. Priesmeyer  Non-Executive Chairman, Digi International Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships72$174,008
Background

		Mr. William N. Priesmeyer, also known as Bill, served as the Chief Executive Officer of Cymbet Corporation Inc., since 2001 and served as its President. Mr. Priesmeyer served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jostens Inc. from August 1997 to June 2001. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of Waldorf Corporation from 1994 to 1997, DataCard Corporation from 1993 to 1994 and Onan Corporation from 1989 to 1993. He served as Vice President of the ... Pillsbury Company. He began his career with Xerox Corporation., where he gained broad executive and product management experience. He has over 30 years of senior financial, product management and business operations experience for public, private and international Fortune 200 companies. He has been Non-Executive Chairman of Digi International Inc., since December 17, 2014 and has been its Independent Director since November 3, 2005. He holds an MBA from Long Island University and a BA Degree in Economics from Norwich University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
11001 Bren Road EastMinnetonka, Minnesota 55343United StatesPhone: 952-912-3444Fax: 952-912-4952
Board Members Memberships
2005-PresentNon-Executive ChairmanDigi International Inc.
Education
BA Norwich UniversityMBA Long Island University
Other Affiliations
Jostens, Inc.Cymbet Corporation, Inc.Norwich UniversityLong Island University


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
Exercisable Options$100,681Total Number of Options$100,681
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$89,000Total Calculated Compensation$174,008




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRonald A. Sege Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentEchelon Corporation$400.0KJeffrey S. Rittichier Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorEMCORE Corporation$325.0KHannes  Niederhauser Dipl. Ing.Chairman of Management Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating OfficerKontron AG--Tracy A. Rees President, CEO & Executive DirectorIntrinsyc Technologies Corporation$250.0KMichael A. Bell Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorSilver Spring Networks, Inc.$525.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Digi International Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























DGII William N. Priesmeyer Insider Trades for Digi International Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Digi International Inc.

                  NASDAQ: DGII
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Digi International Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 4:58 p.m.


DGII

/quotes/zigman/71053/composite


$
10.05




Change

-0.0012
-0.01%

Volume
Volume 2,775
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/71053/composite
Previous close

$
			10.00
		


$
				10.05
			
Change

+0.05
+0.50%





Day low
Day high
$9.80
$10.15










52 week low
52 week high

            $9.00
        

            $14.15
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




William N. Priesmeyer



Mr. William N. Priesmeyer is Non-Executive Chairman at Digi International, Inc. Mr. Priesmeyer was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Jostens, Inc., Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Waldorf Corp, Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by DataCard Corp., Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Onan Corp., Vice President by The Pillsbury Co. LLC, and a Principal by Xerox Corp. He also served on the board at Cymbet Corp. He received his undergraduate degree from Norwich University and an MBA from Long Island University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





01/31/2017
7,048


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/28/2016
12,326


 
Disposition at $14 per share.


172,564


11/28/2016
13,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $12.46 per share.


161,980


02/01/2016
9,250


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/02/2015
19,715


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $12.9 per share.


254,324


11/02/2015
13,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.93 per share.


142,090


11/02/2015
10,750


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.44 per share.


112,230


01/27/2015
7,400


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/28/2014
6,869


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/29/2013
7,438


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Ronald E. Konezny 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Kevin C. Riley 
Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Michael C. Goergen 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior VP




Mr. Joel K. Young 
Chief Technical Officer & Senior VP-Research




Mr. Jon A. Nyland 
Vice President-Manufacturing Operations




Ms. Tracy L. Roberts 
Vice President-Talent & Information Technology




Mr. Curt  Ahart 
Vice President-Cellular Product Management




Mr. Michael  Ueland 
Senior Vice President-Global Sales




Mr. Frederic  Luu 
Vice President-EMEA Sales & Marketing




Ms. Brenda L. Mueller 
Controller




Mr. David H. Sampsell 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. William N. Priesmeyer 
Non-Executive Chairman




Dr. Satbir  Khanuja 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Girish D.  Rishi 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Ahmed  Nawaz 
Lead Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Spiro C. Lazarakis 
Independent Non-Employee Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:42 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:36aRussia retaliates to new sanctions by telling U.S. to cut diplomats
6:34aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
6:31aThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:24aRenault profit leaps but shares decline 
6:22aBelgium's inflation rate picks up pace
6:21aGerman consumer prices rise faster than expected
6:01aFrench economy expands 0.5% in the second quarter 
6:00a'Big Six' Leave Border Adjustment Out of Tax Principles
6:00aKids are training to be CEOs and spies at these specialized summer camps
6:00aAmericans are so uncomfortable asking for money that we’ve resorted to this instead
5:44aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, but 7% weekly gain in sight 
5:42a5 weird things I found out about corporate America in my first 24 hours 
5:35aUBS, Credit Suisse profits up after strategy shift
5:30aStudent loan companies to feds: Tell states to stop regulating us
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



William Priesmeyer, Director, Digi International Inc | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | William Priesmeyer


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













William Priesmeyer

Alias or nickname



Director, Digi International Inc




Minnetonka, MN




Find other people named William Priesmeyer




General Info


Wholesaler of Electronic Supplies



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



William N. Priesmeyer (A) (N)
Mr. Priesmeyer has been a member of the Board of Directors since November 2005. He has been the Chief Executive Officer of Cymbet Corporation, a manufacturer of thin film energy cells for the semiconductor industry, since November 2001. Mr. Priesmeyer served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jostens Inc., a producer of educational products, from August 1997 to June 2001. Prior to that, he held Chief Financial Officer positions at Waldorf Corporation, DataCard Corporation and Onan Corporation and was a Vice President at The Pillsbury Company. Mr. Priesmeyer began his career at Xerox Corporation.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other William Priesmeyers on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.digi.com



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Digi International Inc

Director





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Digi International Inc








Larry Kraft

Vice President of Americas Sales and Marketing









Tracy Roberts

Human Resources Director









Joe Dunsmore

Chair & CEO Digi International









Joseph Dunsmore

Chief Executive Officer









Joel Young

Facilities Manager









Bradley Williams

Director









S. Krishnan

Chief Financial Officer









Jan McBride

Marketing Director
















Created on Jun 07, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Jun 07, 2011


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

40%




Career




Website/Blog




Industry




Summary




Add 3 Achievements



Add a Photo



Add a Video



Add Education



Add 3 Notable Links



Add a Social Network



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1003a34af9" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/william-priesmeyer-3e1429c09e597c1003a34af9">William Priesmeyer</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for William.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More











William N. Priesmeyer - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William N. Priesmeyer
Board Member at Digi International Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you William N. Priesmeyer? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William N. Priesmeyer's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William N. Priesmeyer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William N. Priesmeyer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William N. Priesmeyer through your network of contacts.
												








William N. Priesmeyer's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Digi International Inc.


Past
To view William N. Priesmeyer's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
71

 
 


William N. Priesmeyer's Biography



Mr. Priesmeyer has been a member of our Board of Directors since November 2005 and began serving as our non-executive Chairman on December 17, 2014. He was the Chief Executive Officer of Cymbet Corporation, a manufacturer of solid state storage devices for the semiconductor industry, from 2001 until his retirement in 2014. Mr. Priesmeyer served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jostens Inc., a producer of educational products, from 1997 to 2001. Prior to that, he held Chief Financial Officer positions at Waldorf Corporation, DataCard Corporation and Onan Corporation and was a Vice President at The Pillsbury Company. Mr.  ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Priesmeyer has been a member of our Board of Directors since November 2005 and began serving as our non-executive Chairman on December 17, 2014. He was the Chief Executive Officer of Cymbet Corporation, a manufacturer of solid state storage devices for the semiconductor industry, from 2001 until his retirement in 2014. Mr. Priesmeyer served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jostens Inc., a producer of educational products, from 1997 to 2001. Prior to that, he held Chief Financial Officer positions at Waldorf Corporation, DataCard Corporation and Onan Corporation and was a Vice President at The Pillsbury Company. Mr. Priesmeyer began his career at Xerox Corporation.



As a former chief executive officer and board member of a technology company in the semiconductor industry, Mr. Priesmeyer brings to our Board extensive leadership experience in corporate strategy, manufacturing, operations, technology and finance. In addition, Mr. Priesmeyer has held chief financial officer positions in both publicly held and private companies where he employed his expertise overseeing all global financial, mergers and acquisitions, and risk management functions on a daily basis. Mr. Priesmeyer provides a continuous improvement perspective towards Company financial performance and operations for the Board. Mr. Priesmeyer's experience qualifies him as an Audit Committee financial expert.
		
Source: Digi International Inc. on 12/16/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William N. Priesmeyer's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William N. Priesmeyer. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William N. Priesmeyer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William N. Priesmeyer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William N. Priesmeyer through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William N. Priesmeyer


















William N. Priesmeyer's Connections (21)





Sign up now to view William N. Priesmeyer's 21 connections »









Subramanian Krishnan
Former Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Digi International Inc.









Steven E. Snyder
Former Consultant, Digi International Inc.









Brenda L. Mueller
Former Corporate Controller, Digi International Inc.









Joseph T. Dunsmore
Former Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Digi International Inc.









Spiro C. Lazarakis
Board Member, Digi International Inc.









Michael R. Dannenfeldt
Former Senior Vice President, Etherios Solutions, Digi International Inc.









Ronald E. Konezny
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Digi International Inc.









Guy C. Jackson
Former Board Member, Digi International Inc.









Ahmed Nawaz
Board Member, Digi International Inc.









David H. Sampsell
Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Digi International Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















William N. Priesmeyer - Former Chief Executive Officer at Cymbet Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





William N. Priesmeyer
Former Chief Executive Officer at Cymbet Corp.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings 


William N. Priesmeyer
Former Chief Executive Officer at Cymbet Corp.



 Overview



Age



71
                                  (Born 1946)
                                              




Notable Companies


Jostens, Inc.

MVE Holdings, Inc.

Waldorf Corp




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 402 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
November 11, 2016





                        Belden Submits Proposal to Digi International Inc. Regarding Potential Acquisition                    





US Fed News
November 22, 2013





                        FORM 8-K: DIGI INTERNATIONAL FILES CURRENT REPORT                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Monte S. Johnson

President & Chief Executive Officer at Cymbet Corp.




Ronald E. Konezny

President & Chief Executive Officer at Digi International, Inc.





Oren Gafri

Founder at Millennium Materials Technologies




Mark Lynn Jenson

Co-Founder at Cymbet Corp.





Steven C. Grady

Vice President of Sales & Marketing at Infinite Graphics, Inc.




Frans van Giel

Former Vice President-Business Development at Bekaert SA





Dan Auton

Former Vice President-Sales & Marketing at CAP-XX Ltd.




Satbir Khanuja

President & Chief Executive Officer at DataSphere Technologies, Inc.





Guy C. Jackson

Former Audit Partner at Ernst & Young LLP




Joseph Thomas Dunsmore

Professional at Monnit Corp.







See 392 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 392 More 


 


 Paths to William N. Priesmeyer



            William N. Priesmeyer          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 William N. Priesmeyer






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with William N. Priesmeyer.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Undergraduate Degree 


Norwich University

                  NORWICH'S MISSION IS TO GIVE OUR YOUTH AN EDUCATION THAT SHALL BE AMERICAN IN ITS CHARACTER.                




MBA 


Long Island University

                  In its ninth decade of providing access to the American dream through excellence in higher education, LIU is a multicampus, diverse, doctoral institution of higher learning. One of the largest and most comprehensive private universities in the country, the University offers more than 575 undergraduate, graduate and doctoral degree programs and certificates, and educates over 24,000* students in degree-credit and continuing education programs in Brooklyn, Brookville (LIU Post), Brentwood, Riverhead, and Rockland and Westchester (LIU Hudson). Other academic units include LIU Pharmacy (the Arnold & Marie Schwartz College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences), which prepares students for successful careers in the fields of pharmacy and health care; LIU Global, which provides a wide range of study abroad options at overseas centers in China, Costa Rica and India, and through programs in Australia, Ecuador, Peru, Taiwan, Thailand and Turkey; and LIU Online, which harnesses the latest technology to offer online and blended programs.

LIU’s 630 full-time faculty members provide outstanding instruction, which is supplemented by internships and cooperative education opportunities. The accomplishments of more than 186,000 living alumni are a testament to the success of its mission – providing the highest level of education to people from all walks of life. The institution also provides enrichment for students and the community through the world-class arts programming at LIU Tilles Center, NCAA Division I and II athletic teams and the nationally renowned George Polk Awards in journalism                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer

                                    2001 - 2014                


Cymbet Corp.


                  Cymbet Corp. designs and manufactures solid-state energy storage solutions for microelectronic systems. It offers solutions in area of industries, telecom and networking, medical, consumer electronics, aero and transportation, wireless handheld, embedded systems and computing and renewable energy. The company was founded by Mark Lynn Jenson and Jacob Harlen in 2000 and is headquartered in Elk River, MN.                




Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    1997 - 2001                


Jostens, Inc.


                  Jostens, Inc. develops, manufactures, and distributes school-related affinity products and services. It provides products, programs and services that help people to celebrate the important moments, recognize achievements, and build affiliations. The firm offers yearbooks, class rings, graduation, and athletic champion’s products. The comapny was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, MN.                




Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

                                    1997 - 1997                


MVE Holdings, Inc.


                  MVE Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of Chart Industries, Inc., is a company headquartered in Burnsville, MN, that makes industrial gas tanks and tankers. Chart Industries, Inc. acquired MVE Holdings, Inc. on 13 Apr 99 for $240 million.                




Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    1994 - 1997                


Waldorf Corp


                  Waldorf Corp is a private company headquartered in St. Paul, MN, that manufactures folding boxboard.                




Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    1993 - 1994                


Datacard Corporation


                  DataCard Corp. is engaged in the provision of identification and card personalization solutions. It offers central card issuance systems, desktop card printers, desktop embossers, passport systems, attaching and fulfillment systems, and software and accessories products. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Minnetonka, MN.                




Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    Prior                


Onan Corp.






Vice President

                                    Prior                


The Pillsbury Co. LLC


                  The Pillsbury Co. manufactures and distributes branded food products, including baked goods, biscuits, breads, cookies, crescents, pie crusts, pizza crusts and snacks. The company was founded in 1869 is headquartered in Minneapolis, MN.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Xerox Corporation


                  Xerox Corp. provides business process and document management solutions. It provides document technology, services, software and supplies for graphic communication and office printing environments of any size. Its operates through three segments: Services, Document Technology, and Other. The Services segment is comprised of business process outsourcing and document outsourcing. The Business process outsourcing provides multi-industry offerings such as customer care, transaction processing, finance and accounting, and human resources, as well as industry focused offerings in areas such as healthcare, transportation, financial services, retail and telecommunications. The Document outsourcing includes managed print services and communication and marketing services. The Document Technology segment includes the sale of products and supplies, as well as the associated technical service and financing of those products which are not related to document outsourcing contracts. The Other segment includes paper sales in developing market countries, wide-format systems, licensing revenue, Global Imaging Systems network integration solutions and non-allocated corporate items, including Other expenses, net. The company was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Norwalk, CT.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    2005 - Current                  


Digi International, Inc.

                    Digi International® Inc. (Digi®) was formed in 1985 as a Minnesota corporation and reorganized as a Delaware corporation in 1989 in conjunction with its initial public offering. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol DGII. Our global headquarters is in Minnetonka, Minnesota, and we have regional sales offices throughout North America, Europe and Asia. We also have engineering locations in North America, Europe and India.
Value Proposition and Key M2M Offerings

Digi International is Your M2M Expert, combining products and services as end-to-end solutions to drive business efficiencies. Digi provides the industry’s broadest range of wireless products, a cloud computing platform tailored for devices, and development services to help customers get to market fast with wireless devices and applications. Our entire solution set is tailored to allow any device to communicate with any application, anywhere in the world.

Digi offers targeted vertical-specific offers for the Energy (Smart Metering, Demand Response, Alternative Energy, Distribution Automation), Mobile Assets (Fleet, Railroad, Transit, Digi m-Trak), Medical and Tank markets (among many others).
Products and Services

Our embedded products include modules, microprocessors, single-board computers, satellite communications products, development kits and software, design services through our subsidiary Spectrum Design Solutions. Non-embedded products include enterprise cellular routers, gateways, wireless communication adapters (ZigBee, Wi-Fi, proprietary RF), serial servers, intelligent console servers, USB connected products, remote display products, cameras, sensors and the #1 selling serial card line in the world.

The Digi Professional Services portfolio includes consulting, solution design, technology selection, testing and implementation, managed services and M2M business application development — all designed to drive efficiency in your business.
iDigi® Device Cloud™

The iDigi Device Cloud is a cloud computing platform for device networking and management. It provides secure application messaging, data storage and device management for networks comprised of wired, cellular and satellite-connected devices.

All Digi gateways, routers and embedded components are iDigi ready and therefore can be instantly provisioned on the iDigi platform and made accessible to iDigi applications. Additionally, non-Digi devices can be integrated to the iDigi platform using the iDigi® Connector™, a free software download that supports any device operating platform.                  




Director

                    2001 - 2014                  


Cymbet Corp.

                    Cymbet Corp. designs and manufactures solid-state energy storage solutions for microelectronic systems. It offers solutions in area of industries, telecom and networking, medical, consumer electronics, aero and transportation, wireless handheld, embedded systems and computing and renewable energy. The company was founded by Mark Lynn Jenson and Jacob Harlen in 2000 and is headquartered in Elk River, MN.                  





 Political Donations



$250

                  2007                


John McCain


                  Senator from Arizona                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              William N. Priesmeyer is affiliated with
                            Cymbet Corp., Jostens, Inc., MVE Holdings, Inc., Waldorf Corp, Datacard Corporation, Onan Corp., The Pillsbury Co. LLC, Xerox Corporation, Digi International, Inc., Cymbet Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 






William Priesmeyer, Director, Digi International Inc


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













William Priesmeyer



Director
at
Digi International Inc


Location: Minnetonka, MN





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









William Priesmeyer



Director
at
Digi International Inc


Location: Minnetonka, MN




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




William N. Priesmeyer (A) (N)
Mr. Priesmeyer has been a member of the Board of Directors since November 2005. He has been the Chief Executive Officer of Cymbet Corporation, a manufacturer of thin film energy cells for the semiconductor industry, since November 2001. Mr. Priesmeyer served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jostens Inc., a producer of educational products, from August 1997 to June 2001. Prior to that, he held Chief Financial Officer positions at Waldorf Corporation, DataCard Corporation and Onan Corporation and was a Vice President at The Pillsbury Company. Mr. Priesmeyer began his career at Xerox Corporation.



1

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





N/A

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Wholesaler of Electronic Supplies




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A
























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



William PriesmeyerCareer











Digi International Inc



Director








Competencies










 Edit



William PriesmeyerEducation





Add Education


No education has been recorded for William Priesmeyer






 Edit



William PriesmeyerAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for William Priesmeyer






 Edit



William PriesmeyerLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for William Priesmeyer









William PriesmeyerInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for William Priesmeyer









William PriesmeyerInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for William Priesmeyer








William PriesmeyerRelated People





No colleagues and peers has been recorded for William Priesmeyer








View all 



William PriesmeyerRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies


















