




Prime Finance Partners V, Inc. - REITS and Finance- Atwater  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Prime Finance Partners V, Inc.

      Industry: REITS and Finance
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    50 California Street Suite 2525 
    San Francisco, CA, 94111Phone: 415-986-2415 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-09


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 John C. Atwater 
 Executive 


 Jon W. Brayshaw 
 Executive 


 Scott G. Douglas 
 Executive 


 Steven A. Gerstung 
 Executive 


 Daniel H. James 
 Executive 










 

Daniel James's involvement in venture capital (via Prime Finance Partners Iii Lp, Prime Finance Partners Ii (parallel Entity) Inc, Prime Finance Partners Ii Lp, Prime Finance Partners Iv Lp, Prime Finance Partners V (parallel Entity) Lp, Prime Finance Partners V Lp, Prime Finance Cmbs B-piece Fund I Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/39994-james-danielsection=people&subsection=detail&id=39994




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


DanielJamesGet alertedif Daniel James gets funded!Daniel JamesPrime Finance Partners Iii Lp - Executive OfficerPrime Finance Partners Ii (parallel Entity) Inc - Executive_OfficerPrime Finance Partners Ii Lp - Executive_OfficerPrime Finance Partners Iv Lp - Executive OfficerPrime Finance Partners V (parallel Entity) Lp - Executive OfficerPrime Finance Partners V Lp - Executive OfficerPrime Finance Cmbs B-piece Fund I Lp - Executive OfficerDeals involving Daniel James$618,000,000 raised with Prime Finance Partners Iii Lp on April, 2013$125,000 raised with Prime Finance Partners Iii Lp on October, 2012$125,000 raised with Prime Finance Partners Ii (parallel Entity) Inc on December, 2010$117,975,000 raised with Prime Finance Partners Ii Lp on January, 2010$117,975,000 raised with Prime Finance Partners Ii Lp on January, 2010Undisclosed raised with Prime Finance Partners Iv Lp on November, 2014Undisclosed raised with Prime Finance Partners Iv Lp on September, 2014Undisclosed raised with Prime Finance Partners V (parallel Entity) Lp on February, 2016Undisclosed raised with Prime Finance Partners V Lp on February, 2016Undisclosed raised with Prime Finance Cmbs B-piece Fund I Lp on April, 2016Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Daniel James on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Prime Finance Partners V, Inc. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Prime Finance Partners V, Inc.
List of persons related to the company Prime Finance Partners V, Inc.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Prime Finance Partners V, Inc..

CIK Number: 0001689533Company address: 50 CALIFORNIA STREET SUITE 2525 SAN FRANCISCO 94111Phone number: 415-986-2415



People related to Prime Finance Partners V, Inc.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryH. James  Daniel50 California Street Suite 2525San FranciscoCAC. Atwater  John50 California Street Suite 2525San FranciscoCAW. Brayshaw  Jon50 California Street Suite 2525San FranciscoCAG. Douglas  Scott50 California Street Suite 2525San FranciscoCAA. Gerstung  Steven50 California Street Suite 2525San FranciscoCA




Prime Finance Partners V, Inc. on the Web
Related companiesPrime Alliance Bank, Inc., Prime Alternative Treatment Center Consulting, LLC, Prime Anesthesia Staffing, LLC, PRIME ASSET MANAGEMENT GROUP, INC., PRIME BANC CORP, PRIME Capital Wealth, LLC, Prime Care Marketing, LLC, Prime Case Funding, LLC, PRIME COMMUNICATIONS INC, Prime Conservative Fund, LP, Prime Consulting Group, LLC, Prime Directive, Inc., Prime Finance CMBS B-Piece Fund I (Feeder A), L.P., Prime Finance CMBS B-Piece Fund I, L.P., Prime Finance CMBS B-Piece I, LLC












 









Prime Finance








prime group 
prime finance 
prime residential










Balance Sheet Lender Providing Reliable and Flexible Financing
Prime Finance is a private commercial real estate finance company with discretionary capital which directly originates mortgage, mezzanine and preferred equity financing and also acquires performing, sub-performing and distressed debt.
	
	We offer a variety of non-recourse loans above $10 million on office, retail, hotel, industrial, multifamily, mobile home, self-storage and mixed use properties in all markets around the United States. Our loan and investment origination teams are located in New York, Chicago and San Francisco.





©2011 Prime Group | Prime Group | Home | Team | Recent Transactions | Contact | Sitemap
This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation of any kind. Prime Finance is not open for investment to members of the public.© Copyright PFP Holding Company III, LLC 2012. California Finance Lender #605 4565 | PFP Holding Company IV, LLC 2015. California Finance Lender #60DBO-35901 | PFP Holding Company V, LLC 2016. California Finance Lender #60DBO-46242






Prime Finance









prime group 
prime finance 
prime residential











Contact a Prime professional today.





 




New York Office
1330 Avenue of the Americas
Suite 2700
New York, New York 10019
Fax 212-504-7927
Jon Brayshaw, Co-Founder
212-231-9071
jbrayshaw@primefinance.com
Luke Dann, PrincipalHead of CMBS-Investments
212-896-0006
ldann@primefinance.com
Jeffrey Williams, Principal
212-231-9076
jwilliams@primefinance.com
Erik Gutman, Managing Director
212-231-9075
egutman@primefinance.com
Stephen Chow, Managing Director
212-231-9077
schow@primefinance.com
Paul Oliveri, Director
212-231-9072
poliveri@primefinance.com
Investor Relations


Chicago Office
233 North Michigan Avenue
Suite 1915
Chicago, Illinois  60601
Fax 312-276-9649
Steve  Gerstung, Co-Founder & Co-Chief Investment Officer
312-565-4401
sgerstung@primefinance.com
Matthew Bregenzer, Managing Director & Head of Asset Management
312-565-4402
mbregenzer@primefinance.com
Catherine Tatlock, Managing Director
312-565-4403
ctatlock@primefinance.com
Lauren Dieter, Director
312-565-4405
ldieter@primefinance.com


San Francisco Office
50 California Street
Suite 2525
San Francisco, California 94111
Fax 415-986-4518
Scott Douglass, Co-Founder & Co-Chief Investment Officer
415-445-7474
sdouglass@primefinance.com
Shawn Cully, Managing Director
415-445-7464
scully@primefinance.com
Jerad Slagle, Director
415-445-7475
jslagle@primefinance.com



 
 
 





©2011 Prime Group | Prime Group | Home | Team | Recent Transactions | Contact | Sitemap

This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation of any kind. Prime Finance is not open for investment to members of the public. 
          © Copyright PFP Holding Company III, LLC 2012. California Finance Lender #605 4565 | PFP Holding Company IV, LLC 2015. California Finance Lender #60DBO-35901 | PFP Holding Company V, LLC 2016. California Finance Lender #60DBO-46242          



















 









Prime Team Partners | Current Job Openings | Career Portal

















Find Staff

Contracting & consulting
Contract to hire
Direct hire
Executive search
Payroll services
Request for services


Get Hired

Search jobs
Why work with us?
Why join our network?
Working for Prime Team


News

Why Us

Value proposition
Client testimonials
Candidate testimonials
Success stories
Contact us





Timesheet login









about us
contact us
our services
blog


© 2017 Prime Team Partners Inc.







 


Prime Insurance Company























































































FEAR NO RISK
            
PRIME DELIVERS COVERAGE WITH CONFIDENCE
            
EXCESS & SURPLUS
            
SPECIALTY LIABILITY
            
PROFESSIONAL
            
PROPERTY & CASUALTY
            






                    EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY
            






                    PARTNERSHIP ADVANTAGE
            





                    EXCEEDING EXPECTATIONS
            






                    GAIN AN EDGE
            








Prime Insurance Company
Take advantage of the hardening market and partner with PRIME for the right products at the right time!
                            Whatever the unique underwriting characteristics are that make a risk difficult to place, we adapt to specific needs and concerns.
                    













                                        Submit a risk to our experienced specialty underwriters.
                                    














                                        Submit a loss notification or claim, or learn more about Prime's Risk Partnership philosophy.
                                    














                                        Join Prime's network of excess and surplus lines brokers.
                                    














                                        Our business is to deliver options and solutions for hard-to-place risks.
                                    













Upcoming Events


See All Events


Why Prime Insurance Company?
Our success has been built on our reputation as the market’s true solution for hard-to-place risks. We have a unique ability to provide you with custom underwriting expertise and offer innovative solutions when other carriers decline coverage. We do not base success on being a program insurance company. We do not compete on price points. We understand hard-to-place risks and have the in-house expertise to quickly evaluate the factors and deliver quotes on a timely basis.








 
*For latest ratings visit www.ambest.com







































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Deutsche Bank – Global Prime Finance































Meta Navigation: Deutsche Bank GroupContact



Deutsche Bank Search





Search Query




Primary Navigation: HomeRegulatoryDodd-Frank Resource Centre European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR)Central Securities Depository Regulation (CSDR)
You are here:











Secondary Navigation: EquitiesCreditFXRatesStructured Finance 

                                








 Global Prime Finance




Deutsche Bank is a leading solutions provider to the hedge fund industry. We partner with clients by providing the multi-asset financing solutions and global access they need.  Global Prime Finance is a gateway to the full capabilities of Deutsche Bank: from investment research to capital introductions and synthetic equity to our integrated financing platform. With a global reach extends to over 90% of the investable markets around the world, Deutsche Bank is The Partner for Hedge Funds.Clients can expect more with Deutsche Bank.
Secure Creditworthy Counterparty – Deutsche Bank AG
Rated Aa3 Moody's Investors Service / A+ Standard and Poor’s / A+ Fitch RatingsAs of 29 February, 2012
Global Reach
Access to over 90% of investable markets around the world
Fully Integrated Financing Platform Offering
Partner with Deutsche Bank to enhance your prime brokerage experience through our global integrated financing platform, bringing the benefits of cost savings and operational efficiencies through a streamlined back office
GlobalPrime
Manage your portfolio positions and risk across various products through our web-based comprehensive risk management and reporting platform
Sophisticated Cross Product Margining
Optimize capital efficiency across broad portfolios through db Xmargin - Deutsche Bank’s industry leading web-based cross margining tool 
Synthetic Equity
Gain delta-1 access to single stock, global benchmark indices, sector specific and customised baskets 
Deep Global Securities Lending Supply
Source hard to borrow securities through our proprietary global network and gain detailed insight into the securities lending marketplace through SL Quant
Tailored Capital Introduction
Access Deutsche Bank's market leading capital introduction services – your connection to managers and investors for business development opportunities
Consulting
The Hedge Fund Consulting Group provides customized services to meet your business and operational needs for managing a hedge fund
 

















Contacts

For more information please contact your Deutsche Bank representative or email us
























Footer Navigation: 
ImprintLegal ResourcesAccessibilityLast Update: July 16, 2014
Copyright © 2016 Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main






















 



PrimePartners | Home




















































Creative Minds.
Innovative Solutions.
 
An independent financial services group with more than 
20 years of experience in the Asian markets





PrimePartners Group (PPG) is an independent, Singapore-based financial services group that has over the past 20 years established two Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) licensed businesses focused on investment & fund management and corporate finance advisory & capital raising activities. These services are targeted at meeting the expanding needs of Asian entrepreneurs and foreign businesses seeking opportunities for growth in Asia.
The partners at PPG have sought to complement their strengths and experience in Asia with new partners from established European financial centres to provide scope for developing new products and services to families and businesses not only in Asia but also those from the West seeking to expand into the region.






Asset Management
Asset, wealth and fund management


Corporate Finance
Advisory and capital-raising services for both private and public listed companies.








Asset Management
Aris PrimePartners Asset Management (APAM) is an independent asset, wealth and fund management firm based in Singapore serving private and institutional clients in Singapore and worldwide. APAM offers creative tailored investment solutions on a discretionary or advisory basis. APAM also manages and advises private equity and other funds. 

Find out more





Corporate Finance
PrimePartners Corporate Finance (PPCF) is focused on providing advisory and capital raising services for private and public-listed small and medium sized companies. Headquartered in Singapore, PPCF has more than 30 dedicated professionals providing a range of advisory and capital raising services. 

Read More


Contact Us




Over0 Engagements Completed













OverS$ 0.0Bn Transaction Value
































0Pan-Asia Coverage


We are focused on the Asian markets including other international jurisdictions such as the United Kingdom, the United States of America and Israel. 










The Founding Shareholders

Previous
Next




Ng Soo Peng




Quek Peck Lim
Chairman of PPCF



Teo Ek Tor
Chairman of PPG and APAM



Hsieh Fu Hua
Co-founder and Adviser 




Ng Soo Peng, our late chairman and one of the founders of the PrimePartners Group, had a distinguished career in the financial services industry for over 30 years. From 1997 to late 1999, he was Co-Chairman of BNP Prime Peregrine. Prior to that, he was Chairman of Morgan Grenfell Asia Holdings Pte Ltd (from 1985 to 1993), the regional holding company for the Morgan Grenfell Group of companies in Asia (ex-Japan), where he also served as director from 1983 to 1985. From 1973 to 1983, he served as Chairman of the Stock Exchange of Singapore and simultaneously was Deputy Chairman of the Securities Industry Council until 1981. Prior to 1983, he was a member of the Stock Exchange of Singapore and a Director of Kay Hian & Co. Stockbrokers.


Quek Peck Lim, is one of three co-founders of PrimePartners Group, current Chairman of PrimePartners Corporate Finance, a Member of the Board of Directors of Aris PrimePartners Asset Management  and former Managing Director of Securities and Research, BNP Prime Peregrine.  Prior to establishing PrimePartners, Peck Lim was Director of Research for Morgan Grenfell (Asia) Group where, under his research leadership, Morgan Grenfell Asia & Partners Securities Pte Ltd was voted the top research house in Singapore equities by the Global Investor Magazine in 1989 and by Asiamoney Magazine in 1990, 1992, and 1993. Peck Lim was himself voted the top analyst in Singapore in 1992 by professional fund managers. Prior to joining the Morgan Grenfell (Asia) Group in 1987, Peck Lim was Senior Assistant Editor of Euromoney Magazine in London, where he specialized in covering the development of international equity markets and emerging country stock markets. Peck Lim is a graduate of the University of Singapore with a degree in business administration.


Teo Ek Tor, Chairman of PrimePartners Group and Aris PrimePartners Asset Management, has extensive experience in investment banking in Asia. He was until end 1999 the Regional Managing Director of BNP Prime Peregrine Group with responsibility for investment banking in SE Asia. Mr Teo has contributed to and been instrumental in the building up of two major regional investment banking groups – Morgan Grenfell Asia (1980 – 1993) and BNP Prime Peregrine (1994 – 1999). Mr Teo is a graduate of the University of Western Ontario, with an honors degree in business administration.


Hsieh Fu Hua, co-founder and adviser (PrimePartners group of companies), has more than 35 years of experience in merchant banking and capital markets in Asia. Mr Hsieh is currently the Chairman of United Overseas Bank Limited. He was an Executive Director and President of Temasek Holdings (Pte) Ltd from 2010 to 2011.  He served as Chief Executive Officer and a non-independent director on the board of the Singapore Exchange Limited from 2003 to 2009. He was Group Managing Director of BNP Prime Peregrine Group in Hong Kong – the joint venture Asian investment banking arm of BNP founded by PrimePartners.  Prior to forming PrimePartners in 1993, Mr Hsieh was Group Managing Director of Morgan Grenfell Asia Holdings Pte Ltd which he joined in 1974.
















