

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 









Form D To Adhere To: Princeton Hd Reit $125000 Funding HAE SUNG JUNG Submitted Dec 26 SEC Declaring – Ray Horner





















Skip to content



Ray Horner
rayhorner.net










Form D To Adhere To: Princeton Hd Reit $125000 Funding HAE SUNG JUNG Submitted Dec 26 SEC Declaring 
Posted on 01/24/2017 by Spencer 




Princeton Hd Reit Financing.
Princeton Hd Reit Llc, Limited Liability Business simply released type D pertaining to $125,000 equity financing. This is a brand-new declaring. Princeton Hd Reit was able to sell $125,000. That is 100.00% of the funding round. The complete offering amount was $125,000. The private funding record was filed on 2016-12-26. The reason for the funding was: unspecified.

 Princeton Hd Reit is based in New Jersey. The filler’s business is REITS and also Money. The type D was filed by HAE SUNG JUNG MANAGER. The company was incorporated in 2016. The filler’s address is: 800 Scudders Mill Roadway, Plainsboro, Nj, New Jacket, 08536. Investment TrustInvestment company No. 12 Hana Private Property is the associated individual in the type and also it has address: C/O Princeton Hd Owner Llc, 800 Scudders Mill Road, Plainsboro, Nj, New Jersey, 08536. Web linkConnect to Princeton Hd Reit Declaring Princeton Hd Reit Llc, Limited Obligation Business simply launched kind D relating to $125,000 equity financing. Princeton Hd Reit was able to market $125,000. Princeton Hd Reit is based in New Jersey.
Princeton Hd Reit Llc, Limited Obligation Company just released type D relating to $125,000 equity financing. Princeton Hd Reit was able to offer $125,000. Princeton Hd Reit is based in New Jacket.























































































































































































       Outdoor Clothing, Gear, and Footwear from Top Brands - REI.com                                               









You are using a web browser we don't support. Please use the latest version of one of these browsers.




Mozilla Firefox



Google Chrome



Apple Safari



Microsoft IE











              Cart          Menu                      Skip to main content Skip to footer    





Members, earn a $20 bonus card when you spend $100 or more 7/11–31. Details


























Inhale trail mix. Exhale stress.

Time to drop the weight of the world and carry a backpack. Preferably far, far away. We know just what you’re looking for.






Shop backpacking










































Helping you lead an outdoor life is our mission

Free, community-built resources connect you and your outdoor passion to awesome trails, routes and more.




Find a hike





































These packs school them all

Go from class to climbing gym with sporty styles from Patagonia, Kavu and United by Blue.






Shop campus packs & bags






































Stand with us

























Shop more brands we love























































































REI Co-op members enjoy a lifetime of perks

Join more than 16 million folks who love the outdoors like you do. Membership is forever, and only $20.






Become a co-op member
















The REI Difference

100% satisfaction guaranteed
We stand behind everything we sell. If you are not satisfied with your REI purchase, you can return it for a replacement or refund within one year of purchase.  REI's guarantee doesn't cover ordinary wear and tear or damage caused by improper use or accidents.  If your item has a manufacturing defect in its materials or workmanship, you can return it at any time. See our limited warranty.
Gear & advice you can trust
At REI, we live and breathe the outdoors, and we're passionate about sharing our expertise with people of all skill levels. Whether you're new to the outdoors or a seasoned explorer, we'll take the time to understand your needs and help you find the right gear for you.
10% annual member refund
Anyone can shop at REI, but for a one-time $20 fee you can become an REI member and enjoy a lifetime of benefits. These include an annual member refund, typically 10% back on eligible purchases.*




 
 
*10% is typical but not guaranteed. Your refund is based on eligible purchases, which exclude REI gift cards, services, fees, REI Adventures trips, REI Garage, and discounted items. Learn more







Sign up for REI emails
Thank you!




From the coolest new gear to awesome offers and events, you’ll always know what’s happening at the co-op.


 Email Opt-in 


 Email 

REI's Privacy Policy



Sign me up!
No thanks






Check your inbox for your first email (and a little surprise) from REI.
We’ll send you a few emails every week. You can easily unsubscribe at any time.

Got it!



















Form D to Follow: Princeton Hd Reit $125000 Financing. HAE SUNG JUNG Submitted Dec 26 SEC Filing - Frisco Fastball - Princeton news - NewsLocker





































                        NewsSportRegion














						Do you want to stay up to date of all the news about Princeton? Subscribe to the mailing list and get a daily update with the most important news about Princeton!					
  Subscribe
The email address seems invalid, please check the address..
No thanks, just show me the news



 Please wait..					



						Registration successful!					










&cross; Close categories Canada Animals  Canada Apple News  Canada Apps & Smartphones  Canada Arts  Canada Business News Canada Cars News  Canada Celebrity  Canada Christian News Child Care Canada Conspiracy theories News Consumer News Cooking & Recipes News Culture & Media News Dance music & news Digital News Ebola News Economy News Electronics News Entertainment News Facebook Inc. News Fashion News Films/Movies & reviews News Finance News Food News Ford Motor Company News Funny videos Gadgets News Games News General News Google Inc. News Gourmet News Health News International Crime News Leisure time News Leisure trends News Lifestyle News Literature News Medical News Movie News Music News Nature & Environment News News videos Olympic Games Organic food News Politics News Sci-Tech News Science News Showbizz News Social media News Television News Traffic News Travel News UFO News and more Vacancies News WeatherNews Web design News World News Youth & Parenting News&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Baseball news Canada Basketball news Canada Cycling news Canada Darts news Canada Formule 1 news Canada General Sport Canada Golf news Canada Icehockey news Canada Iceskating news Canada Soccer news Canada Tennis news Canada&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories 100 Mile House Abbotsford Aberdeen Acme Acton Acton Vale Airdrie Ajax Alberta Aldergrove Alert Bay Alexandria, British Columbia Alexandria, Ontario Allan Alliston Alma Altona Amherst Amherstburg Amos Amqui Ancaster Angling Lake Angus Anjou Annaheim Annapolis Royal Antigonish Apsley Arborg Armstrong Arnprior Arva Arviat Asbestos Ashcroft Ashern Assiniboia Athabasca Atholville Atikokan Aurora Austin Aylmer, Ontario Aylmer, Quebec Ayr Baden Baie Verte Baie-Comeau Baie-Saint-Paul Baker Lake Balcarres Balmertown Bamfield Bancroft Banff Bannockburn Barrhead Barrie Barriere Barrington Barwick Bathurst Beaconsfield Beamsville Beauceville Beaumont, Alberta Beaumont, Newfoundland and Labrador Beauport Beaupre Beausejour Beauval Beaverton Becancour Bedford, Nova Scotia Bedford, Quebec Bella Bella Belleville Beloeil Beresford Berthierville Berwick Bethany Big River Big Trout Lake Biggar Blainville Blind River Bloomfield Bloomfield Ridge Blue Mountains Blue River Bluewater Bois-des-Filion Boisbriand Boissevain Bolton Bonaventure Bonfield Bonnyville Bonshaw Boucherville Bouctouche Bow Island Bowmanville Bracebridge Brackendale Bradford West Gwillimbury Bramalea Brampton Brandon Brant Brantford Brentwood Bay Breton Bridgewater Brighton British Columbia Brockville Brome Brome Lake Bromont Brooks Brossard Bruno Buckingham Buffalo Narrows Burgessville Burlington Burnaby Burns Lake Cabano Cabri Cache Bay Caledon Calgary Cambridge Cambridge Bay Campbell River Campbellford Campbellton Campbellville Camrose Canada Candiac Canmore Canwood Canyon Cape Dorset Caplan Capreol Caraquet Carberry Carignan Carleton Place Carleton-sur-Mer Carlisle Carlyle Carman Caronport Carp Cartier Casselman Castlegar Catalina Cayuga Chalk River Chambly Chapleau Charlesbourg Charlottetown Chase Chateau-Richer Chateauguay Chatham Chatham-Kent Chatsworth Chelmsford Chelsea Chesley Chestermere Chesterville Chibougamau Chicoutimi Chilliwack Clair Clarence Creek Clarence-Rockland Clarenville Clarington Clavet Clearbrook Clearwater Clinton, British Columbia Clinton, Ontario Clyde River Coaticook Cobden Cobourg Cochrane Colborne Cold Lake Coldwater Cole Harbour Collingwood Colonsay Colwood Comber Comox Conception Bay South Concord Consul Contrecoeur Coquitlam Cordova Bay Corner Brook Cornwall Cote Cote-Saint-Luc Courtenay Courtice Cowansville Craik Cranberry Portage Cranbrook Creemore Creighton Creston Crowsnest Pass Cumberland Danville Dartmouth Dauphin Dawson Dawson Creek Debden Deep River Deer Lake Degelis Deloraine Delson Delta Deschambault Deseronto Deux-Montagnes Didsbury Dieppe Digby Dillon Doaktown Dolbeau-Mistassini Dollard-des-Ormeaux Donnacona Dorset Dorval Drayton Valley Drumheller Drummondville Dryden Dublin Dubreuilville Dugald Duncan Dunchurch Dundas Dundurn Dunham Durham Duvernay Earlton East Gwillimbury East York Eastern Passage Eastman Edam Edmonton Edmundston Edson Eganville Elfros Elgin Elie Elliot Lake Elmira Elora Elphinstone Embrun Enfield Englehart Eriksdale Erin Espanola, Ontario Espanola, Ontario Essex Esterhazy Estevan Eston Etobicoke Exeter Fabreville Fairview Fall River Farnham Fatima Fenwick Fergus Fermont Fernie Fillmore Fisher Branch Fleurimont Flin Flon Florenceville Forest Fort Erie Fort Frances Fort MacLeod Fort McMurray Fort Nelson Fort Providence Fort Saskatchewan Fort Severn Fort Simpson Fort St James Fort St. John Francois Frankford Fredericton Frontier Gananoque Gander Ganges Gaspe Gatineau Georgetown, Ontario Georgetown, Prince Edward Island Georgina Geraldton Gibsons Gillam Gimli Gjoa Haven Glace Bay Glenboro Glencoe Gloucester Goderich Goffs Gold River Golden Gormley Granby Grand Centre Grand Falls-Windsor Grand Forks Grand Valley Grande Cache Grande Prairie Grande-Riviere Gravelbourg Gravenhurst Greater Napanee Greater Sudbury Green Valley Greenfield Park Grenville Griffin Grimsby Grosse Isle Guelph Gull Lake Gypsumville Hagersville Haldimand Haley Station Haliburton Halton Hills Hamilton Haney Hanley Hanmer Hanna Hanover Happy Valley-Goose Bay Hawkesbury Hay River Hearst Heron Bay High Level High Prairie High River Hinton Holland Landing Hope Houston Hubbards Hudson Hudson Bay Hull Humboldt Huntingdon Huntsville Huron East Igloolik Ile-a-la-Crosse Indian Head Ingersoll Inglewood Innisfil Inuvik Invermere Iqaluit Iroquois Falls Jasper Joliette Jonquiere Juniper Station Kahnawake Kamloops Kamsack Kanata Kapuskasing Kaslo Kawartha Lakes Keewatin Kelowna Kemptville Kenora Kentville Keswick Killarney Kimberley Kincardine Kindersley King City Kingfisher Lake Kingsey Falls Kingston Kingsville Kirkland Kitchener Kitimat Komoka Kuujjuaq La Baie La Guadeloupe La Loche La Malbaie La Pocatiere La Prairie La Romaine La Ronge La Sarre, Quebec La Sarre, Quebec La Tuque Labrador City Lac du Bonnet Lac la Biche Lac-Delage Lac-Etchemin Lac-Megantic Lachine Lachute Lacombe Ladner Ladysmith Lake Cowichan Lakefield Lakeshore Lambton Lambton Shores Lampman Langdon Langley Lantzville LaSalle, Ontario Lasalle, Quebec Laurier-Station Laval Lavaltrie Lawrencetown Leamington Leduc Lemberg Lennoxville Les Cedres Lethbridge Levis Lillooet Lincoln Lindsay Listowel Little Current Lively Lloydminster, Alberta Lloydminster, Saskatchewan Lombardy London Longueuil Lorette Lorraine Louiseville Lower Sackville Lumby Lundar MacGregor Mackenzie Madoc Magog Mahone Bay Manitoba Manitou Manitouwadge Maniwaki Manotick Maple Maple Creek Mar Marathon Maria Marieville Markdale Markham Martensville Mascouche Masset Matachewan Matane Mattagami Mattawa Mattice Maymont Maynooth McBride McCreary McKellar Meadow Lake Medicine Hat Melfort Melville Memramcook Mercier Merrickville-Wolford Merritt Miami Midhurst Midland Mill Bay Millbrook Millhaven Milton Milverton Minnedosa Minnitaki Minto Mirabel Miramichi Mission Mississauga Mississippi Mills Moncton Monkland Mont-Joli Mont-Laurier Mont-Saint-Hilaire Mont-Tremblant Montebello Montmagny Montreal Moose Creek Moose Jaw Moosehorn Moosomin Moosonee Morden Morinville Morris Morrisburg Mount Albert Mount Hope Mount Pearl Mount Pisgah Mount Royal Muenster Munson Nanaimo Napierville Naramata Neepawa Nelson Nelson House Nepean New Brunswick New Carlisle New Dundee New Glasgow New Hamburg New Liskeard New Minas New Richmond New Tecumseth New Westminster Newcastle, New Brunswick Newcastle, Ontario Newfoundland and Labrador Newmarket Newton Niagara Falls Niagara-on-the-Lake Nicolet Nigadoo Nipawin Nipigon Nisku Niverville Nobleton Noelville Norman Wells Norquay North Battleford North Bay North Portal North Saanich North Sydney North Vancouver North York Norval Norwich Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil Nova Scotia Oak Bluff Oakville Okotoks Olds Oliver Onanole Ontario Orangeville Orillia Oromocto Oshawa Osoyoos Ottawa Otterburne Outlook Outremont Owen Sound Pangnirtung Papineauville Paquetville Paradise Paris Parksville Parry Sound Pawitik Peace River Pelham Pembroke Penetanguishene Penticton Perce Perth Petawawa Peterborough Pickering Picton Pictou Piedmont Pierrefonds-Roxboro Pinawa Pincher Creek Pincourt Pine Falls Pohenegamook Point Edward Pointe-a-la-Croix Pointe-aux-Outardes Pointe-aux-Trembles Pointe-Claire Pond Inlet Ponoka Pont-Rouge Poplar Hill Port Alberni Port Colborne Port Coquitlam Port Elgin Port Hardy Port Hawkesbury Port Hope Port McNicoll Port Mellon Port Moody Port Perry Port-Cartier Portage la Prairie Portneuf Postville Powell River Prescott Prevost Prince Albert Prince Edward Prince Edward Island Prince George Prince Rupert Princeton Provost Quebec Quebec City Queen Charlotte Quesnel Quinte West Quispamsis Radville Rae Rainy River Raith Rankin Inlet Red Deer Red Lake Redcliff Redwood Meadows Regina Renfrew Repentigny Revelstoke Rexton Richelieu Richibucto Richibucto Road Richmond Hill Richmond, British Columbia Richmond, Ontario Richmond, Quebec Rimbey Rimouski Ripley Rivers Riviere-du-Loup Roberts Creek Roberval Rocanville Rockglen Rockland Rocky Mountain House Rosemere Rosetown Rossport Rothesay Rouyn-Noranda Russell, Manitoba Russell, Ontario Saanich Sackville Saguenay Saint George Saint John Saint Paul Saint Stephen Saint-Alphonse-de-Granby Saint-Augustin Saint-Basile-le-Grand Saint-Boniface Saint-Cesaire Saint-Constant Saint-Elzear Saint-Eustache Saint-Felicien Saint-Georges Saint-Hubert Saint-Hyacinthe Saint-Jean-Chrysostome Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu Saint-Jerome Saint-Joseph-de-Beauce Saint-Lambert Saint-Laurent Saint-Lin-Laurentides Saint-Louis de Kent Saint-Malo Saint-Mathieu-de-Beloeil Saint-Pascal Saint-Paul Saint-Pie Saint-Pierre Saint-Quentin Saint-Raymond Saint-Remi Saint-Sauveur Sainte-Adele Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue Sainte-Anne-des-Monts--Tourelle Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines Sainte-Catherine Sainte-Catherine-de-la-Jacques-Cartier Sainte-Claire Sainte-Croix Sainte-Dorothee Sainte-Julie Sainte-Marguerite-du-Lac-Masson Sainte-Marie Sainte-Marthe-sur-le-Lac Sainte-Therese Salaberry-de-Valleyfield Salmon Arm Sandy Lake Sarnia Saskatchewan Saskatoon Saugeen Shores Sault Ste. Marie Sault-au-Mouton Scarborough Schomberg Schumacher Scott Selkirk Sept-Iles Shaunavon Shawinigan Shawnigan Lake Shediac Sheet Harbour Shelburne, Nova Scotia Shelburne, Ontario Shellbrook Sherbrooke Sherwood Park Shippagan Shoal Lake Sicamous Sidney Simcoe Sioux Lookout Slave Lake Smithers Smiths Falls Smithville Smooth Rock Falls Snow Lake Sorel Souris South Bruce Peninsula South Lancaster South Porcupine South River South Slocan Sparwood Springdale Spruce Grove Squamish St-Bruno-de-Montarville St-Lazare St-Tite St. Albert St. Catharines St. Jacobs St. Leonard St. Marys St. Thomas Stanstead Ste. Agathe Ste. Anne Steinbach Stellarton Stephenville Stettler Stevensville Steveston Stirling Stittsville Stonewall Stoney Creek Stony Mountain Stony Plain Stratford Strathroy Summerland Summerside Sundre Surrey Sussex Sutton Swan Hills Swan Lake Swan River Swift Current Sydney Sylvan Lake Taber Tadoussac Tecumseh Tees Temiscaming Temiscouata-sur-le-Lac Terence Bay Terrace Terrace Bay Terrebonne Teulon The Pas Thessalon Thetford Mines Thompson Thornbury Thornhill Thorold Three Hills Thunder Bay Tignish Tillsonburg Timberlea Timmins Tisdale Tofield Toronto Tracadie-Sheila Trail Treherne Trent Hills Trenton Trois-Pistoles Trois-Rivieres Trout Lake Troy Truro Tsawwassen Ucluelet Unity Upper Hammonds Plains Utica Val Caron Val-Morin Valcourt Valemount Vallee-Jonction Valleyfield Valleyview Vancouver Vanderhoof Vanier Vankleek Hill Varennes Vaudreuil-Dorion Vaughan Vegreville Verdun Vermilion Vernon Victoria Victoriaville View Royal Ville-Marie Virden Wabush Wadena Wainfleet Wainwright Wallaceburg Warman Warwick Waswanipi Waterford Waterloo, Ontario Waterloo, Quebec Waterville Wawa Wawanesa Webequie Weekes Wekweti Welland Welshpool West Bay West Nipissing West Vancouver Westlock Westmount Wetaskiwin Weyburn Weymouth Whistler Whitby Whitchurch-Stouffville White Rock Whitecourt Whitehorse Whitewood Wilcox Wilkie Williams Lake Windsor, Nova Scotia Windsor, Ontario Windsor, Quebec Wingham Winkler Winnipeg Winona Wolfe Island Wolfville Woodbridge Woodstock, New Brunswick Woodstock, Ontario Wrigley Wunnummin Lake Wynyard Wyoming Yamachiche Yarmouth Yellowknife York Yorkton&cross; Close categoriesPrinceton news

 Form D to Follow: Princeton Hd Reit $125000 Financing. HAE SUNG JUNG Submitted Dec 26 SEC Filing - Frisco Fastball

27-12-2016 22:53 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Frisco Fastball
Form D to Follow: Princeton Hd Reit $125000 Financing. HAE SUNG JUNG Submitted Dec 26 SEC Filing
Frisco Fastball
Princeton Hd Reit Llc, Limited Liability Company just released form D regarding $125,000 equity financing. This is a new filing. Princeton Hd Reit was able to sell $125,000. That is 100.00% of the financing round. The total offering amount was $125,000.and more »
							







Read more

 









 Many Princeton residents reporting poor cell phone coverage last few months - Planet Princeton

25-07-2017 19:46 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Planet Princeton
Many Princeton residents reporting poor cell phone coverage last few months
Planet Princeton
If you live in Princeton and notice that your cell phone coverage has gotten worse, you are not alone. Many residents and people who work in Princeton have seen a decrease in call quality and an increase in dropped calls in the last few months. Town ...
							







Read more

  Princeton hiring a certified 'men's engagement manager' to combat aggressive masculinity and 'challenge gender ... - Daily Mail

25-07-2017 17:34 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Daily Mail
Princeton hiring a certified 'men's engagement manager' to combat aggressive masculinity and 'challenge gender ...
Daily Mail
Princeton is apparently so concerned that its male students could be rapists that it is looking to hire an 'interpersonal violence clinician and men's engagement manager' to solve the problem. The New Jersey university's job listing calls for experts ...
Princeton University's 'men's engagement manager' to battle aggressive masculinityFox Newsall 3 news articl
							







Read more

  Ivy League | Princeton and Harvard programs are real - FanRag Sports (blog)

25-07-2017 16:23 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								FanRag Sports (blog)
Ivy League | Princeton and Harvard programs are real
FanRag Sports (blog)
When people hear Ivy League, no one is thinking about anything other than kids receiving some of the best book learning on the planet. Over the course of the last few years, however, the Princeton Tigers and Harvard Crimson have been changing that.
							







Read more

 
Advertisement





 


 Princeton researchers report new system to study chronic hepatitis B ... - EurekAlert (press release)

25-07-2017 11:23 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								EurekAlert (press release)
Princeton researchers report new system to study chronic hepatitis B ...
EurekAlert (press release)
Scientists from Princeton University have successfully tested a cell-culture system that will allow researchers to perform laboratory-based studies of long-term ...and more »
							







Read more

  Too Risky for Researchers? - Inside Higher Ed

25-07-2017 09:00 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Inside Higher Ed
Too Risky for Researchers?
Inside Higher Ed
Following 10-year jail sentence for Princeton Ph.D. student, scholars discuss the uncertainties of doing research in Iran. By. Elizabeth Redden. July 25, 2017. 0 Comments. Xiyue Wang. How safe is it to do research in Iran? What are the risks, and have ...
							







Read more

  Princeton's new 'men's engagement manager' to combat aggressive masculinity on campus - The College Fix

25-07-2017 07:45 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								The College Fix
Princeton's new 'men's engagement manager' to combat aggressive masculinity on campus
The College Fix
A new position at the Ivy League institution indicates campus officials apparently think enough of its male students grapple with such problems that it warrants hiring a certified clinician dedicated to combating them. The university is in the process ...
							







Read more

  Wildfire near Princeton fully contained, Highway 5A reopened - Merritt Herald

25-07-2017 03:17 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Merritt Herald
Wildfire near Princeton fully contained, Highway 5A reopened
Merritt Herald
The wildfire near Princeton shortly after it sparked earlier this month. (Photo courtesy of Brandon Taylor). A wildfire that sparked near Princeton three weeks ago is now fully contained, allowing Highway 5A to be reopened and evacuation orders to be ...
Resiliency centre opens, 17 residences still on evacuation alert for Princeton fireInfoTel News Ltd
Wildfire evacuation numbers beginning to declineSimil
							







Read more

 
Advertisement





 


 No visible flames and little active smoke in Princeton fire - Princeton ... - Similkameen Spotlight

25-07-2017 02:12 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Similkameen Spotlight
No visible flames and little active smoke in Princeton fire - Princeton ...
Similkameen Spotlight
Three days after the Princeton fire was declared 100 per cent contained it's not much to look at – but there is still a crew of 151 working the area, according to the ...and more »
							







Read more

  Princeton summer camp hosted in Abbotsford during wildfire threat ... - Similkameen Spotlight

24-07-2017 22:00 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Similkameen Spotlight
Princeton summer camp hosted in Abbotsford during wildfire threat ...
Similkameen Spotlight
A group of youth and staff from RockRidge Canyon near Princeton stayed in Abbotsford for several days after they left the camp due to the threat from wildfires.and more »
							







Read more

  Princeton fire 100 per cent contained - Vernon Morning Star - Vernon Morning Star

23-07-2017 00:10 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Vernon Morning Star
Princeton fire 100 per cent contained - Vernon Morning Star
Vernon Morning Star
The Princeton fire is 100 per cent contained as of Saturday morning, according to Wildfire BC. “The big news is that we have reached one hundred per cent ...and more »
							







Read more

  UPDATE: Princeton area wildfire 100 per cent contained - Globalnews.ca

22-07-2017 21:12 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Globalnews.ca
UPDATE: Princeton area wildfire 100 per cent contained
Globalnews.ca
Deputy Incident Commander Brent Zbaraschuk said the perimeter has not changed in over 96 hours, and crews have a hose guard surrounding the fire zone. He added that there are still several hot spots within the area, which makes the fire extremely ...
							







Read more

 
Advertisement









 UPDATED B.C. wildfires: Most Princeton-area evacuees returning ... - Globalnews.ca

22-07-2017 19:28 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Globalnews.ca
UPDATED B.C. wildfires: Most Princeton-area evacuees returning ...
Globalnews.ca
Evacuation orders will be lifted for all but 17 homes.
Most evacuation orders from Princeton wildfire to be liftedCBC.ca
Evac order to be lifted for all but 17 Princeton homesKelowna Capital News
Crews continue work containing Princeton wildfireInfoTel News Ltd
Castanet.net
all 5 news articles »
							







Read more

  Princeton residents can finally return home today as evacuation ... - InfoTel News Ltd

22-07-2017 18:47 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Similkameen Spotlight
Princeton residents can finally return home today as evacuation ...
InfoTel News Ltd
Residents of Princeton will be able to return home as of 10 a.m. today, July 22, because most of the mandatory evacuation orders from a wildfire in the area.
WELCOME HOME - Princeton Similkameen SpotlightSimilkameen Spotlightall 4 news articles »
							







Read more

  Princeton fire 90 per cent contained - Pentiction Western News

21-07-2017 20:05 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Pentiction Western News
Princeton fire 90 per cent contained
Pentiction Western News
Princeton's forest fire is 90 per cent contained as of Friday morning, and crews are hopeful for complete containment in the next couple of days. “We are hoping to have 100 per cent containment by the weekend,” said Brent Zbaraschuk, information ...
Princeton 90% containedCastanet.netall 2 news articles »
							







Read more

  Support services expand for Princeton wildfire evacuees - Globalnews.ca

21-07-2017 19:54 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Globalnews.ca
Support services expand for Princeton wildfire evacuees
Globalnews.ca
There is a suite of new resources for people evacuated because of the wildfire burning just north of Princeton. · The Skills Centre on Vermilion Avenue (Monday to Friday, 9am-4pm) will assist people setting up on-line banking and an email address to ...
							







Read more

  PRINCETON: Upsets rule in summer hoops playoffs - centraljersey.com

21-07-2017 03:48 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								PRINCETON: Upsets rule in summer hoops playoffs
centraljersey.com
With two lower seeds picking up wins during Wednesday night's quarterfinals, just one of the league's top four seeds managed to advance to the playoff semifinals that will be held on Friday night at Community Park in Princeton. After top-seeded and ...
							







Read more

  PRINCETON: School district sees hike in substance abuse incidents - centraljersey.com

20-07-2017 21:24 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								centraljersey.com
PRINCETON: School district sees hike in substance abuse incidents
centraljersey.com
The Princeton school district saw an uptick in students getting in trouble for substance abuse during a six –month span ending in June, compared to the same time frame last year. Superintendent of Schools Stephen C. Cochrane, outlining the violence and ...
							







Read more

  PRINCETON: Late changes to school funding by the state will delay ... - centraljersey.com

20-07-2017 21:24 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								PRINCETON: Late changes to school funding by the state will delay ...
centraljersey.com
Third quarter tax bills in Princeton will be mailed later than normal, with their due date pushed back to the middle of next month, Mayor Liz Lempert said ...and more »
							







Read more

  Princeton 80% contained - Castanet.net

20-07-2017 20:16 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								Castanet.net
Princeton 80% contained
Castanet.net
Fire information officer Brent Zbaraschuck says crews had a great day on the lines Wednesday, taking advantage of the cooler temperatures to bring further containment to the fire. He says fire activity has been low within the perimeter of the fire ...
It's raining in Williams Lake, but not for longSimilkameen Spotlightall 20 news articles »
							







Read more

  Update: Firefighters battling fire on West Bench - Similkameen Spotlight

20-07-2017 20:03 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								Similkameen Spotlight
Update: Firefighters battling fire on West Bench
Similkameen Spotlight
Fire Chief Larry Watkinson reports that crews are still working on the fire and hotspots, but it is now 100 per cent contained. Residents will be allowed back into their homes in the next couple of hours, and the Penticton Fire Department will be ...and more »
							







Read more

  Princeton fire 80 per cent contained - Pentiction Western News

20-07-2017 20:02 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								Pentiction Western News
Princeton fire 80 per cent contained
Pentiction Western News
The fire burning north of Princeton is now 80 per cent contained, according to Wildfire BC's incident management team deputy commander Brent Zbaraschuk. “We are going to have a good day,” he said Thursday morning. Crews focused efforts yesterday on ...
Firefighters have a handle on Princeton-area wildfireOsoyoosToday (registration)all 2 news articles »
							







Read more

  Little change on Princeton wildfire front - InfoNews.ca - InfoTel.ca - InfoTel News Ltd

20-07-2017 00:13 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								Similkameen Spotlight
Little change on Princeton wildfire front - InfoNews.ca - InfoTel.ca
InfoTel News Ltd
PENTICTON - The 3300 hectare Princeton wildfire is now 60 per cent contained as evacuees wait to hear when they can go home.B.C Wildfire says 178 ...
Fire crews focus on “stubborn” area closest to Princeton - Princeton ...Similkameen Spotlight
Princeton fire evacuees allowed back homeThe Daily Courier (subscription)all 10 news articles »
							







Read more

  Wife of Princeton researcher held in Iran urges his release - Times Colonist

18-07-2017 23:07 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								Times Colonist
Wife of Princeton researcher held in Iran urges his release
Times Colonist
This 2009 handout photo released by a friend of Xiyue Wang shows Xiyue Wang at his apartment in Hong Kong, China. Princeton University professor Stephen Kotkin, who advised Wang, a Chinese-American researcher sentenced to prison in Iran, defended ...
'My husband has been unjustly imprisoned': Wife of Princeton student urges Iran to release himWashington Post
Wife of Princeton Student 'Unjustly Impriso
							







Read more

  Wife of Princeton researcher held in Iran urges his release - Daily Mail

18-07-2017 15:07 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								Daily Mail
Wife of Princeton researcher held in Iran urges his release
Daily Mail
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) - The wife of a Princeton graduate student sentenced to 10 years behind bars in Iran called on authorities there to release him Tuesday, saying the Chinese-American man has been "unjustly imprisoned." Xiyue Wang was ...
Iran: 10 years of jail for Princeton student convicted of spyingStudy International Newsall 14 news articles »
							







Read more

  Princeton's 'Dinky' train service suspended; bus service provided - News 12 New Jersey

18-07-2017 12:13 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								News 12 New Jersey
Princeton's 'Dinky' train service suspended; bus service provided
News 12 New Jersey
Princeton Junction "Dinky" rail service was suspended Tuesday morning, and New Jersey Transit said it was providing bus service to affected commuters. Initially, New Jersey Transit explained that "Dinky" was suspended due to a shortage in manpower, and ...and more »
							







Read more

  Princeton wildfire now 40 per cent contained - InfoTel News Ltd

17-07-2017 22:12 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								Pentiction Western News
Princeton wildfire now 40 per cent contained
InfoTel News Ltd
Information meetings were held for the public at Princeton Fire Hall on July 16 and at the Erris Fire Hall July 15 with official from B.C. Wildfire, RCMP, Regional District, Town of Princeton and Emergency Social Services on hand to answer questions ...
Princeton fire 50 per cent containedPentiction Western News
Princeton 50% contained - Princeton News - Castanet.netCastanet.netall 3 news articles »
							







Read more

  The Princeton Student Sentenced to 10 Years in Prison in Iran - The Atlantic

17-07-2017 19:19 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								The Atlantic
The Princeton Student Sentenced to 10 Years in Prison in Iran
The Atlantic
Like ​The Atlantic? Subscribe to ​The Atlantic Daily​, our free weekday email newsletter. An Iranian court has sentenced an American graduate student to 10 years in prison for spying, the latest case of a U.S. citizen accused of espionage by the ...
Princeton supporting graduate student sentenced to prison in IranPrinceton University
Iran Sentences Princeton Ph.D. Student to 10 Years in Pri
							







Read more

  Princeton renews strategic partnership with Humboldt University in Berlin - Princeton University

17-07-2017 16:28 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News


								Princeton University
Princeton renews strategic partnership with Humboldt University in Berlin
Princeton University
Princeton University has signed a five-year renewal of its strategic partnership with Humboldt University in Berlin to support research and teaching collaboration spanning the disciplines. In June, Dan Garber, the A. Watson Armour, III, University ...
							







Read more

  Princeton fire holding - Castanet.net

17-07-2017 03:13 via Allintitle:Princeton - Google News



								Castanet.net
Princeton fire holding
Castanet.net
The Princeton fire has not grown over the last 48 hours, said the BC Wildfire Service. UPDATED: 6:15 p.m.. The Princeton fire remains at 40 per cent contained and the fire has not grown, according to Phane Ray, information officer. "Everything is still ...
“It looks like a really good day” – Wildfire BCSimilkameen Spotlightall 5 news articles »
							







Read more

28 Jul 201725 Jul 201724 Jul 201723 Jul 201722 Jul 201721 Jul 2017
















Privacy Policy Advertising













   









The BZ Weekly

 

 









































Home
Trending
Business
About US
Contact
Privacy Policy
Comment Policy








Latest Headlines





As Shutterfly (SFLY) Stock Rose, Fine Capital Partners LP Has Raised Position by $6.14 Million, Brookfield Asset Mgt (BAM) Holder Beutel Goodman & Co LTD Raised Stake by $20.04 Million as Share Value Rose
Nellie Frank
Debra Fine increased its stake in Shutterfly Inc (SFLY) by 6.92% based on its latest 2016Q4 regulatory filing with the SEC. Fine Capital Partners Lp bought 122,847 shares as the company’s stock rose 3.72% with the market. The hedge fund run by Debra Fine held 1.90 million shares of the miscellaneous company ... 




Bronson Point Management Has Cut Position in G (GIII) by $7.76 Million, As Hershey Co (HSY) Stock Price Rose, Spears Abacus Advisors Boosted Its Position by $560,629
As M/I Homes (MHO) Stock Value Rose, Covalent Partners Increased Position; As First Solar (Put) (FSLR) Valuation Rose, Parallax Volatility Advisers LP Raised by $8.93 Million Its Stake
Washington Trust Bank Maintains Holding in Kinder Morgan Inc/De (KMI); Autodesk (Call) (ADSK) Holder Luxor Capital Group LP Lifted Its Position by $11.44 Million
Profit Investment Management Position In Forward Air (FWRD) Was Increased; Innophos Holdings (IPHS) Stock Price Declined While Investment Counselors Of Maryland Has Lowered by $1.22 Million Its Holding
Columbia Bkg Sys (COLB) Shareholder Alphaone Investment Services Has Decreased Stake by $444,400 as Valuation Declined; Cue Financial Group Maintains Position in American Wtr Wks Co New (AWK)




Madison Investment Holdings Holding in Davita (DVA) Has Increased as Share Price Declined; Energy Transfer Prtnrs LP (ETP) Holder Tortoise Capital Advisors Cut Its Position as Share Price Declined
Davidson Investment Advisors Position in State Street (STT) Trimmed by $695,079; Dsam Partners Llp Lowered Its Syngenta Ag (SYT) Holding as Market Value Rose
Lowes Cos (LOW) Holder Addenda Capital Has Upped Position; Schafer Cullen Capital Management Raised Vermilion Energy  (VET) Position by $13.27 Million; Stock Value Declined
Nordstrom (JWN) Shares Declined While Cambridge Financial Group Trimmed Its Holding, As Procter And Gamble Co Com (PG) Market Valuation Declined, Holder Clean Yield Group Lowered Position by $460,992
As Target (TGT) Stock Value Declined, Cambridge Financial Group Increased Position, Clean Yield Group Has Lifted Its Sanofi Sponsored Adr (SNY) Position by $457,640; Valuation Rose




Omni Partners Llp Boosted Its Stake in Rite Aid (RAD) as Stock Price Declined, Ghost Tree Capital Trimmed Acadia Pharmaceuticals (ACAD) Position by $2.80 Million as Stock Value Declined
Akamai Technologies (AKAM) Stock Declined While Bluemountain Capital Management Has Lowered Holding by $496,914; Cisco Sys (CSCO) Shareholder Sequoia Financial Advisors Trimmed Its Position
Bluemountain Capital Management Has Raised Its Graphic Packaging Hldg Co (GPK) Position by $1.38 Million; Sequoia Financial Advisors Increases Position in Wal (WMT)
As Enterprise Prods Partners L (EPD) Share Value Declined, Shareholder Talara Capital Management Cut Its Stake, New Generation Advisors Has Trimmed Its Holding in Tsakos Energy Navigation LTD (TNP) as Share Price Declined
As Jabil Circuit (JBL) Share Price Rose, Wilsey Asset Management Trimmed by $388,240 Its Holding; Timucuan Asset Management Has Cut Holding in Allison Transmission Hldgs (ALSN) by $39.15 Million






 





  Recent Posts 

As Shutterfly (SFLY) Stock Rose, Fine Capital Partners LP Has Raised Position by $6.14 Million, Brookfield Asset Mgt (BAM) Holder Beutel Goodman & Co LTD Raised Stake by $20.04 Million as Share Value Rose


Bronson Point Management Has Cut Position in G (GIII) by $7.76 Million, As Hershey Co (HSY) Stock Price Rose, Spears Abacus Advisors Boosted Its Position by $560,629


As M/I Homes (MHO) Stock Value Rose, Covalent Partners Increased Position; As First Solar (Put) (FSLR) Valuation Rose, Parallax Volatility Advisers LP Raised by $8.93 Million Its Stake


Washington Trust Bank Maintains Holding in Kinder Morgan Inc/De (KMI); Autodesk (Call) (ADSK) Holder Luxor Capital Group LP Lifted Its Position by $11.44 Million


Profit Investment Management Position In Forward Air (FWRD) Was Increased; Innophos Holdings (IPHS) Stock Price Declined While Investment Counselors Of Maryland Has Lowered by $1.22 Million Its Holding


Columbia Bkg Sys (COLB) Shareholder Alphaone Investment Services Has Decreased Stake by $444,400 as Valuation Declined; Cue Financial Group Maintains Position in American Wtr Wks Co New (AWK)


Madison Investment Holdings Holding in Davita (DVA) Has Increased as Share Price Declined; Energy Transfer Prtnrs LP (ETP) Holder Tortoise Capital Advisors Cut Its Position as Share Price Declined


Davidson Investment Advisors Position in State Street (STT) Trimmed by $695,079; Dsam Partners Llp Lowered Its Syngenta Ag (SYT) Holding as Market Value Rose


Lowes Cos (LOW) Holder Addenda Capital Has Upped Position; Schafer Cullen Capital Management Raised Vermilion Energy  (VET) Position by $13.27 Million; Stock Value Declined


Nordstrom (JWN) Shares Declined While Cambridge Financial Group Trimmed Its Holding, As Procter And Gamble Co Com (PG) Market Valuation Declined, Holder Clean Yield Group Lowered Position by $460,992
















Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle






















 

HD-TVI Video Surveillance Products in Princeton, IL | BC Tech Group LLC


















 
















 







  Mon - Sat 8:00am - 8:00pm Closed Sunday
 
  855-412-9077 Call Us Today 
 Follow Us   











 








Product Categories


Security Cameras

Network IP Cameras	

IP Dome Cameras
IP Bullet Cameras
IP PTZ Cameras
Outdoor IP Cameras
H.265+ Network IP Cameras


HD-TVI Security Cameras

HD-TVI Dome Cameras
HD-TVI Bullet Cameras
HD-TVI Box Cameras
HD-TVI PTZ Cameras
HD-TVI Infrared Cameras


Dome Cameras	
Bullet Security Cameras
PTZ Security Cameras	
Hidden Cameras

Wired Hidden Cameras
Wireless Hidden Cameras


Micro Video Cameras
Board Cameras 
Snake Cameras 


Video Recorders		
        
Network Video Recorders

4 Channel NVRs
8 Channel NVRs
16 Channel NVRs
32 Channel NVRs


HD-TVI Video Recorders

4 Channel HD-TVI DVRs
8 Channel HD-TVI DVRs
16 Channel HD-TVI DVRs


Hybrid Video Recorders

4 Channel Hybrid DVRs
8 Channel Hybrid DVRs
16 Channel Hybrid DVRs
32 Channel Hybrid DVRs




Security Camera Systems

HD-TVI Camera Systems 
IP Camera Systems	 
Hybrid Camera Systems 


Wireless Transmission

Transmitters and Receivers
Wireless Antennas 


Access Control

Access Control Software 
Access Control Hardware
Card Readers and Credentials 
Request to Exit (REX) 
Access Control Accessories 


Accessories

Security Monitors 
IR Illuminators
Power Supplies
Cables 
Camera Lenses 
Connectors 
Hard Drives 
Mounting Brackets 
Enclosures 
Test Monitors 
Installation Tools 





 



					HD-TVI Video Surveillance for Princeton, IL					
					

123





ALI-BC1080WA
Professional Grade HD-TVI Bullet Camera - 2.4 Megapixel, 65' IR, Day/Night, Wide Angle





ALI-BC1720EC
Professional Grade HD-TVI Bullet Camera - 720p, 65' IR, Analog





ALI-BC1720LPC
Professional Grade License Plate Recognition Camera - 1.3 Megapixel, 720p, HD-TVI, Varifocal





ALI-BC1720PVF
Professional Grade HD-TVI Bullet Camera - 720p, 130' IR, Varifocal





ALI-BC5050AF
Professional Grade HD-TVI/CVBS Bullet Camera - 1080p, 350' IR, 10x AF Zoom WDR





ALI-CC1
Professional Grade HD-TVI Corner Mount Camera - 1080p, 40' IR, Wide Angle





ALI-CC2
Professional Grade HD-TVI PIR Sensor Hidden Camera - 1080p, 940 nm 40' IR, No-Glow





ALI-CC3
Professional Grade HD-TVI Smoke Detector Hidden Camera - 1080p, 940 nm 40' IR, No-Glow





ALI-CC4
Professional Grade HD-TVI Smoke Detector Hidden Camera - 2.4MP, 1080p, AHD, CVBS





ALI-CC4XC
Professional Grade HD-TVI Board Camera - 2.4MP, 1080p, AHD, CVBS





ALI-CC5
Professional Grade HD-TVI Wall Clock Hidden Camera - 2.4MP, 1080p, AHD, CVBS





ALI-CD1720EC
Professional Grade HD-TVI Dome Camera - 720p, 65' IR, Analog





ALI-CD1720G
Professional Grade HD-TVI Dome Camera - 720p, 65' IR, Day/Night





ALI-CD5021VSS
Professional Grade HD-TVI Dome Camera - 1080p, 80' IR, WDR, Steel, Vandal-proof





ALI-CS1080P
Professional Grade HD-TVI Box Camera - 1080p, CS-Mount, WDR





ALI-TP1013R
Professional Grade Dome Camera - Alibi, 3.0 Megapixel, HD-TVI, 65’ IR, Outdoor, Mini Turret





ALI-TP1013VR
Professional Grade Dome Camera - Alibi, 3.0 Megapixel, HD-TVI, 65’ IR, Vandalproof, Outdoor, Mini





ALI-TP1023R
Professional Grade Security Camera - Alibi, 3.0 Megapixel, HD-TVI, 130’ IR, Outdoor, Turret Dome





ALI-TP2013VR
Professional Grade Security Camera - Alibi, 3.0 Megapixel, HD-TVI, 130’ IR, Vandalproof, Outdoor, Varifocal Dome





ALI-TP3013R
Professional Grade Security Camera - Alibi, 3.0 Megapixel, HD-TVI, 65’ IR, Outdoor Bullet





123
 



 



 






Pages

Security Solutions
Industries
Services
Security Products
Resources
About


 

Princeton Security Blog
Don't Let the Burglars Know! Handy Tips for Tricking ThemIs IP Technology The Right Security Solution for Your Home or Business?Security Camera BasicsHow to Protect Your Business from TheftAre IP Cameras Right for You?
 


Contact Us
BC Tech Group LLC
1005 N. Main
Princeton, IL 61356
855-412-9077
 


Stay in Touch
Subscribe to receive offers and updates.


 
        Email Address            

 






















 





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








Princeton REIT Acquires 17 Buildings from JV Partner | GlobeSt.com







































ALM Real Estate Media Group|GlobeSt.com|Real Estate Forum|RealShare Conference Series




















 
Register
Sign In
Sign In
 
Home
Markets
Sectors
Contributors
Real Estate Forum
RealShare Events
Advisory Board
Thought Leaders
Resources
 
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Privacy Policy

eNewsletters

Site Map
 

Follow Us















Site Search


SEARCH





Register
Sign In



































New Jersey
Office




Princeton REIT Acquires 17 Buildings from JV Partner
March 18, 2013

            | By Antoinette Martin                
    
PRINCETON, NJ-Chambers Street Properties has acquired a full interest in 17 commercial properties around the Midwest, South and Southwest, in which it had already held a majority interest as part of its joint venture with Indianapolis-based Duke Realty Corporation.





Reprints











X

Share with Email









Send
sending now...


Thank you for sharing!
Your article was successfully shared with the contacts you provided.






CREATE NEW ALERT



Get alerted any time new stories match your search criteria. Create an alert to follow a developing story, keep current on a competitor, or monitor industry news.


Alert Name



Frequency

Daily
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday



Time



Overwrite Existing Alert:









Create Alert






Thank You!



Don’t forget you can visit MyAlerts to manage your alerts at any time.



 




To continue reading, become a free ALM digital reader.
Benefits include:

Unlimited access to GlobeSt.com and other free ALM publications
Access to 15 years of GlobeSt.com archives
Your choice of GlobeSt.com digital newsletters and over 70 others from popular sister publications
5 free articles across the ALM subscription network every 30 days
Exclusive discounts on ALM events and publications


Register Now


Already have an account? Sign In


Already have an account? Sign In


*May exclude premium content
























 

More New Jersey Headlines

International Flavors & Fragrances Leases 60K SF at Bell Works in Holmdel, NJ
After Extensive Search, TF Final Mile Renews in Teterboro, NJ
Middle Market Digest: The Northeast
Q&A: NJ Green Acres Restrictions Affect Utility and Development Projects     









Featured Events






RealShare Orange County 2017

August 24, 2017
Costa Mesa
                            , CA
                        
Join Southern California's top owners, developers, investors, brokers & financiers as they discuss the topics that move the needle

Register Now  












RealShare Industrial 2017

September 12, 2017
Chicago
                            , IL
                        
Join top owners, developers, investors, brokers & financiers as they discuss the current state and future of the industry.

Register Now  












RealShare New Jersey 2017

September 19, 2017
Florham Park
                            , NJ
                        
Join 400 of New Jersey's Top Owners, Developers, Investors, Brokers & Financiers as they discuss the topics that move the needle.

Register Now  














Related Jobs
Presented By Select Leaders


Regional Manager- Student Housing (Campus Apartments) Philadelphia, PA 19104
This position is responsible for managing all operational phases of a portfolio to ensure fiscal stability, customer satisfaction and good physical condition.     	manage all actions that involve and/or influence the portfolio in coordination with general managers and the chief operating ...
Apply Now ›


Community Development Director (City of Irvine, CA) Irvine, CA 92606
Salary: $134,804 - $210,017 doq.  irvine has been recognized as one of america’s best places to live according to money magazine, and also has the distinction of being one of the safest cities in the united states with a population of more than 100,000, based upon fbi statistics on violen...
Apply Now ›


Community Development Director (City of Benicia) Benicia, CA
The city of benicia, a san francisco bay waterfront community of 28,000, is known for its small town charm and is home to numerous award winning restaurants, schools and parks. benicia has a high level of community pride and interest in preserving the quality of life. residents enjoy low crime, g...
Apply Now ›












RESOURCES



2017 CRE Retail Market Analysis & Outlook Report

Ten-X, LLC


                        Stay at the forefront of the CRE retail market with this exclusive 2017 market outlook. Discover the top 5 buy and sell markets, comprehensive trend analysis, and the forces driving change in retail.
                





How to Get Better Multifamily Financing by Going Green

Partner Engineering and Science, Inc.


                        What you need to know about Multifamily Green Financing Programs
                





Managing Environmental Risk in Commercial Real Estate

EBI Consulting


                        This environmental due diligence white paper explores tips to speed up turnaround time on reports, common issues that arise in assessment, and various scenarios that occur if a concern is identified.
                




More Resources ›




 














Featured Content






Apt. Rent Growth Breaks Slowdown Streak
July 27, 2017

                         
                                


June’s nationwide increase marked the first time since early 2016 in which the rate of year-over-year growth increased from the prior month, says Yardi Matrix.







La Quinta Files with SEC for REIT Spinoff
July 27, 2017

                         
                                


To be known as CorePoint Lodging Inc., the spin-off REIT will come into being with a portfolio of 316 owned La Quinta Inn properties.









Apartment Pricing Gains Take a Pause
July 27, 2017

                         
                                


In multifamily, “where growth had previously appeared to be unstoppable,” pricing was in “clear decline” during July, says Peter Muoio at Ten-X.







Investment Opportunities Opening Up in Self-Storage
July 27, 2017

                         
                                


The big REITs in the sector have decided to pull back from making new acquisitions, opening up chances for smaller investors.














































GlobeSt.com

About Us
Contact Us
Contributors
Advisory Board
Thought Leaders
RealShare Events
eNewsletters
Advertise
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy







Markets

National
International
Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Houston
Los Angeles
All Markets ›







Sectors

Net Lease
Multifamily
Retail
Student Housing
Healthcare Real Estate
Hotels
Office
Industrial






Real Estate Forum


Real Estate Forum
Current Issue
Digital Edition
Issue Gallery
Reprints
Advertise

Subscribe / Renew





Current Issue















        Copyright 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved. | About ALM | Contact ALM | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy































 
  Princeton Alpha Management SEC 13F-HR filings and top portfolio holdings
 - stockzoa










stockzoa



 
 


			      Javascript is disabled or is not supported by your browser. Please upgrade your browser or enable Javascript to navigate the interface properly.
		      










Princeton Alpha Management



 Latest statistics and disclosures from Princeton Alpha Management's latest quarterly 13F-HR filing: 
  
 
      Top 5 stock holdings are 
      
        Amr,
      
      and represent %  of Princeton Alpha Management's stock portfolio. 
    
 
      Added to shares of these 1 stocks:
      
        
          
            Amr.
          
        
      
    
 
      Started 1 new stock positions in 
      
        
          
            Amr.
          
        
      
    
 
      Reduced shares in these 10 stocks:
      
        
          
            ,
          
        
      
        
          
            HD,
          
        
      
        
          
            JNJ,
          
        
      
        
          
            NUE,
          
        
      
        
          
            WMT,
          
        
      
        
          
            ,
          
        
      
        
          
            ,
          
        
      
        
          
            CELG,
          
        
      
        
          
            YUM,
          
        
      
        
          
            INTU.
          
        
      
    
 
      Sold out of its positions in 
      
        
          
            AGCO,
          
        
      
        
          
            Agnc Invt Corp Com reit,
          
        
      
        
          
            AES,
          
        
      
        
          
            AKS,
          
        
      
        
          
            Amc Networks Inc Cl A,
          
        
      
        
          
            ABT,
          
        
      
        
          
            ANF,
          
        
      
        
          
            AKR,
          
        
      
        
          
            ARAY,
          
        
      
        
          
            ACHN.
          
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
    

    Princeton Alpha Management was a net  seller  of stock by $298.79M.
    






 Princeton Alpha Management portfolio companies for June 2017 quarter  






 Company (Ticker) 
 Portfolio Weight 
 Share Count 
 Price 
 Last Trade 





Amr

 0.00 

        0
         NEW 

 0.00 
 0.00 





      Source: http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1590346/...


      Download CSV 







 Past 13F-HR SEC Filings for Princeton Alpha Management 




 Princeton Alpha Management 2017 Q1

                  filed May 3, 2017
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2016 Q4

                  filed Feb. 10, 2017
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2016 Q3

                  filed Nov. 10, 2016
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2016 Q2

                  filed Aug. 5, 2016
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2016 Q1

                  filed May 5, 2016
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2015 Q4

                  filed Feb. 4, 2016
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2015 Q3

                  filed Nov. 6, 2015
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2015 Q2

                  filed Aug. 7, 2015
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2015 Q1

                  filed May 8, 2015
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2014 Q4

                  filed Feb. 6, 2015
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2014 Q3

                  filed Nov. 5, 2014
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2014 Q2

                  filed July 17, 2014
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2014 Q1

                  filed April 17, 2014
                


 Princeton Alpha Management 2013 Q4

                  filed Jan. 16, 2014
                


 View All Filings 












 


        © 2016 stockzoa - Simplified 13F-HR Filings.
        

          Disclaimers: stockzoa.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on stockzoa.com represent a recommendation to purchase or sell a stock. The information on this site is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way.  In no event shall stockzoa.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content available on stockzoa.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, stockzoa.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. 
        

 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










































RealtyMogul.com™ | Real Estate Crowdfunding & Investing





Skip to main content








Real Estate Crowdfunding









Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 












Commercial Real Estate Investing for AllTM








                125,000 Investors
              

                Have joined RealtyMogul.com.
              

                Have joined Us.
              





                Over $285 Million
              

                Invested on our platform.
              

                Invested with us.
              





                $65 Million
              

                Paid out to RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                Paid out to investors.
              





                $0 Principal Lost
              

                By RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                By investors.
              






 



 















"Realty Mogul has so far raised more than $200 million to finance more than 330 properties since its launch in 2013."
  



"RealtyMogul.com's purpose is 'access through innovation' with investor protection and compliance as our guiding principles."
  



"... appeals to all skill levels, from first-timers to veteran investors. In just a few clicks, investors can access the best real estate deals."
  





 






How It Works


1. Invest
Invest in crowdfunded commercial real estate opportunities online for as little as $1000.


2. Relax
We collect returns generated from your investment and pay any expenses.


3. Get Paid
You reap the rewards when we distribute the income from your investments.


Get Started For FREENeed Financing? 








Investments on RealtyMogul.com are illiquid and loss of invested capital is possible. 
Please review risk factors for private placements here.
 







Recent Investments



 





        $3,510,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Retail
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Prunedale
        


  

 





        $1,010,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Indianapolis
        


  

 





        $1,240,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Marietta
        


  

 





        $2,040,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Chicago
        


  

 





        $2,190,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            San Antonio
        


  

 





        $2,020,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Oak Harbor
        


  

 





        $1,515,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Fayetteville
        


  

 





        $710,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Hollywood
        


  

 





        $1,210,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Houston
        


  

 





        $1,525,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Rolling Meadows
        


  



























 
 








Become a Commercial Real Estate Investor Today
Join Now For FREE 



 



 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software


















































































Get Real Estate Financing | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Get Financing



How much are you looking to finance? 

 Debt or Equity?DebtEquity




 

 
 







Looking to Invest?
Start Here
 







Joint Venture Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Equity Contribution:
Up to 90% of equity


IRR:
13% +


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise J.V. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Preferred Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Pref. Equity Contribution:
Up to 85% of cost


Rate:
11 - 13%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise Pref. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Commercial Bridge Loans
$1MM - $25MM




Loan to Cost:
Up to 85%


Loan to Value:
Up to 75%


Rate:
5 - 10%


Term:
12 - 36 Months


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Type:
Recourse and Non-Recourse




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More




Mezzanine Debt
$1MM - $5MM




Mezzanine Contribution:
Up to 80%


Rate:
10 - 12%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
35 - 45 days




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More


 




Looking to Invest?
Start Here 




More than $285 Million Financed to Date for 350+ Properties
 




Selected Transactions




$3,510,000
Equity Purchase
Prunedale, CA
Safeway & CVS Retail Center





$2,100,000
Commercial Loan
Bel Air, CA
5 Unit Multifamily




Finance My Next Project

 




Real Estate Lending Simplified.
Start Here 



Featured Articles




   
 RealtyMogul.com Named a Top Tech Company to Work For - Top Tech Company to Work For

In a recent Built in Los Angeles article...  

   
 News Recap: Largest Real Estate Loan Funded... - Largest Real Estate Loan Funded

Just in case you missed it, here’s a...  

   
 What Do Investors Need to Know About Crowdfunding?  - Crowdfunding

Featured in Bisnow.com

Crowdfunding platforms have...  

   
 RealtyMogul.com’s Newly Redesigned About Us Page  - About Us

If you’ve never read about how RealtyMogul.com came to be,...  

   
 CEO Jilliene Helman Featured on ABC15 Arizona - Jilliene Helman recently discussed her role as CEO and founder of...  

 

 
 

 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software

























































MSCI Real Estate Bull & Bear 3X ETF | DRN DRV | Direxion





























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 






Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares












FUND SYMBOL
DRN


DAILY TARGET
300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRN.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459W755


ISIN
US25459W7552


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.13 / 1.09*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009




FUND SYMBOL
DRV


DAILY TARGET
-300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRV.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459Y363


ISIN
US25459Y3633


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.54 / 1.10*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009







Overview
The Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares seek daily investment results, before fees and expenses, of 300%, or 300% of the inverse (or opposite), of the performance of the MSCI US REIT Index. There is no guarantee the funds will meet their stated investment objective.
These leveraged ETFs seek a return that is 300% or -300% of the return of their benchmark index for a single day. The funds should not be expected to provide three times or negative three times the return of the benchmark’s cumulative return for periods greater than a day.

 DRN DRV Fact Sheet ETF Guide DRN Prospectus DRV Prospectus Premium Discount    Daily Holdings 



Download DRN Daily Holdings (CSV)
Download DRV Daily Holdings (CSV)

Daily Holdings

DRN 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/27/2017    Shares Outstanding: 3,100,000.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,951,138.57
1.00
6,951,138.57


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
14,349,482.52
1.00
14,349,482.52


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
2,000,000.00
1.00
2,000,000.00


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
7,391,945.87
1.00
7,391,945.87


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
0.01
1.00
0.01


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
132,200.03
1.00
132,200.03


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
3,862,773.62
1.00
3,862,773.62


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
13,407.00
1,168.94
15,671,978.58


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
32,684.00
1,168.94
38,205,634.96


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
41,597.00
1,168.94
48,624,397.18


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
60,366.00
1,168.94
70,564,232.04


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
6,919.00
1,168.94
8,087,895.86


VNQ
VANGUARD REIT ETF
436,665.00
84.28
36,802,126.20





DRV 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/27/2017    Shares Outstanding: 1,458,309.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,046,810.23
1.00
6,046,810.23


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
501,344.49
1.00
501,344.49


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
9,124,743.47
1.00
9,124,743.47


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
861,408.67
1.00
861,408.67


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-1,816.00
1,168.94
-2,122,795.04


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-33,880.00
1,168.94
-39,603,687.20


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-4,913.00
1,168.94
-5,743,002.22









Strategy & Benefits

Key Benefits
You know that TRADING is different than investing. But the opportunity to take advantage of short-term trends is only won, if you get the direction right.
Whether you’re a bull or a bear, Direxion is with you. Our leveraged ETFs are powerful tools built to help you:

Magnify your short-term perspective with daily 3X leverage
Go where there’s opportunity, with bull and bear funds for both sides of the trade; and
Stay agile – with liquidity to trade through rapidly changing markets

Leveraged and inverse ETFs pursue daily leveraged investment objectives which means they are riskier than alternatives which do not use leverage. They seek daily goals and should not be expected to track the underlying index over periods longer than one day. They are not suitable for all investors and should be utilized only by investors who understand leverage risk and who actively manage their investments.







Target Index

The MSCI US REIT Index (RMS G) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is comprised of equity real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) that are included in the MSCI US Investable Market 2500 Index, with the exception of specialty equity REITs that do not generate a majority of their revenue and income from real estate rental and leasing operations. The Index represents approximately 99% of the U.S. REIT universe. One cannot directly invest in an index.



Index Top Ten Holdings %



Simon Property Group Inc
6.13





Equinix Inc
3.91





Public Storage
3.85





Prologis Inc
3.68





Welltower Inc
3.21





AvalonBay Communities Inc
3.13





Ventas Inc
2.92





Equity Residential
2.86





Boston Properties Inc
2.24





Digital Realty Trust Inc
2.13








Index Sector Weightings %



Retail REITs
18.98





Specialized REITs
17.32





Residential REITs
16.63





Office REITs
13.26





Health Care REITs
12.98





Diversified REITs
7.51





Industrial REITs
6.96





Hotel & Resort REITs
6.36







Index data as of 
		06/30/2017.
		Source: Bloomberg. Index sector weightings and top holdings are subject to change.
	












Pricing and Performance


Pricing and Performance
NAV and Market Price information as of July 27, 2017. Line chart shows pricing trend over the last 30 days.


fund symbol
DRN






Net asset value (NAV)


23.13
NAV $


0.07
Change $


0.30
Change %












market price closing


23.16
Market $


0.11
Change $


0.48
Change %











Premium / Discount


0.03
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING









fund symbol
DRV






Net asset value (NAV)


10.82
NAV $


-0.03
Change $


-0.28
Change %












market price closing


10.82
Market $


-0.01
Change $


-0.09
Change %











Premium / Discount


—
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING










Monthly
Quarterly
As of June 30, 2017
As of June 30, 2017



DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-







DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-





* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95%.  The Funds’ Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with each Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse each Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following:  taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.






Distributions


Distributions


DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.



DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.





Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.




  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 
More articles like this



















MSCI Real Estate Bull & Bear 3X ETF | DRN DRV | Direxion





























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 






Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares












FUND SYMBOL
DRN


DAILY TARGET
300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRN.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459W755


ISIN
US25459W7552


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.13 / 1.09*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009




FUND SYMBOL
DRV


DAILY TARGET
-300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRV.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459Y363


ISIN
US25459Y3633


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.54 / 1.10*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009







Overview
The Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares seek daily investment results, before fees and expenses, of 300%, or 300% of the inverse (or opposite), of the performance of the MSCI US REIT Index. There is no guarantee the funds will meet their stated investment objective.
These leveraged ETFs seek a return that is 300% or -300% of the return of their benchmark index for a single day. The funds should not be expected to provide three times or negative three times the return of the benchmark’s cumulative return for periods greater than a day.

 DRN DRV Fact Sheet ETF Guide DRN Prospectus DRV Prospectus Premium Discount    Daily Holdings 



Download DRN Daily Holdings (CSV)
Download DRV Daily Holdings (CSV)

Daily Holdings

DRN 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/27/2017    Shares Outstanding: 3,100,000.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,951,138.57
1.00
6,951,138.57


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
14,349,482.52
1.00
14,349,482.52


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
2,000,000.00
1.00
2,000,000.00


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
7,391,945.87
1.00
7,391,945.87


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
0.01
1.00
0.01


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
132,200.03
1.00
132,200.03


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
3,862,773.62
1.00
3,862,773.62


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
13,407.00
1,168.94
15,671,978.58


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
32,684.00
1,168.94
38,205,634.96


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
41,597.00
1,168.94
48,624,397.18


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
60,366.00
1,168.94
70,564,232.04


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
6,919.00
1,168.94
8,087,895.86


VNQ
VANGUARD REIT ETF
436,665.00
84.28
36,802,126.20





DRV 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/27/2017    Shares Outstanding: 1,458,309.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,046,810.23
1.00
6,046,810.23


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
501,344.49
1.00
501,344.49


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
9,124,743.47
1.00
9,124,743.47


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
861,408.67
1.00
861,408.67


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-1,816.00
1,168.94
-2,122,795.04


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-33,880.00
1,168.94
-39,603,687.20


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-4,913.00
1,168.94
-5,743,002.22









Strategy & Benefits

Key Benefits
You know that TRADING is different than investing. But the opportunity to take advantage of short-term trends is only won, if you get the direction right.
Whether you’re a bull or a bear, Direxion is with you. Our leveraged ETFs are powerful tools built to help you:

Magnify your short-term perspective with daily 3X leverage
Go where there’s opportunity, with bull and bear funds for both sides of the trade; and
Stay agile – with liquidity to trade through rapidly changing markets

Leveraged and inverse ETFs pursue daily leveraged investment objectives which means they are riskier than alternatives which do not use leverage. They seek daily goals and should not be expected to track the underlying index over periods longer than one day. They are not suitable for all investors and should be utilized only by investors who understand leverage risk and who actively manage their investments.







Target Index

The MSCI US REIT Index (RMS G) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is comprised of equity real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) that are included in the MSCI US Investable Market 2500 Index, with the exception of specialty equity REITs that do not generate a majority of their revenue and income from real estate rental and leasing operations. The Index represents approximately 99% of the U.S. REIT universe. One cannot directly invest in an index.



Index Top Ten Holdings %



Simon Property Group Inc
6.13





Equinix Inc
3.91





Public Storage
3.85





Prologis Inc
3.68





Welltower Inc
3.21





AvalonBay Communities Inc
3.13





Ventas Inc
2.92





Equity Residential
2.86





Boston Properties Inc
2.24





Digital Realty Trust Inc
2.13








Index Sector Weightings %



Retail REITs
18.98





Specialized REITs
17.32





Residential REITs
16.63





Office REITs
13.26





Health Care REITs
12.98





Diversified REITs
7.51





Industrial REITs
6.96





Hotel & Resort REITs
6.36







Index data as of 
		06/30/2017.
		Source: Bloomberg. Index sector weightings and top holdings are subject to change.
	












Pricing and Performance


Pricing and Performance
NAV and Market Price information as of July 27, 2017. Line chart shows pricing trend over the last 30 days.


fund symbol
DRN






Net asset value (NAV)


23.13
NAV $


0.07
Change $


0.30
Change %












market price closing


23.16
Market $


0.11
Change $


0.48
Change %











Premium / Discount


0.03
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING









fund symbol
DRV






Net asset value (NAV)


10.82
NAV $


-0.03
Change $


-0.28
Change %












market price closing


10.82
Market $


-0.01
Change $


-0.09
Change %











Premium / Discount


—
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING










Monthly
Quarterly
As of June 30, 2017
As of June 30, 2017



DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-







DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-





* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95%.  The Funds’ Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with each Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse each Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following:  taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.






Distributions


Distributions


DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.



DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.





Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.




  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 
More articles like this



















MSCI Real Estate Bull & Bear 3X ETF | DRN DRV | Direxion





























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 






Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares












FUND SYMBOL
DRN


DAILY TARGET
300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRN.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459W755


ISIN
US25459W7552


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.13 / 1.09*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009




FUND SYMBOL
DRV


DAILY TARGET
-300%


INTRA-DAY INDICATIVE VALUE
DRV.IV


BLOOMBERG INDEX
RMS G


CUSIP
25459Y363


ISIN
US25459Y3633


EXPENSE RATIO (GROSS/NET %)
1.54 / 1.10*


INCEPTION DATE
Jul 16, 2009







Overview
The Direxion Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull and Bear 3X Shares seek daily investment results, before fees and expenses, of 300%, or 300% of the inverse (or opposite), of the performance of the MSCI US REIT Index. There is no guarantee the funds will meet their stated investment objective.
These leveraged ETFs seek a return that is 300% or -300% of the return of their benchmark index for a single day. The funds should not be expected to provide three times or negative three times the return of the benchmark’s cumulative return for periods greater than a day.

 DRN DRV Fact Sheet ETF Guide DRN Prospectus DRV Prospectus Premium Discount    Daily Holdings 



Download DRN Daily Holdings (CSV)
Download DRV Daily Holdings (CSV)

Daily Holdings

DRN 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/27/2017    Shares Outstanding: 3,100,000.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,951,138.57
1.00
6,951,138.57


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
14,349,482.52
1.00
14,349,482.52


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
2,000,000.00
1.00
2,000,000.00


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
7,391,945.87
1.00
7,391,945.87


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
0.01
1.00
0.01


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
132,200.03
1.00
132,200.03


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
3,862,773.62
1.00
3,862,773.62


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
13,407.00
1,168.94
15,671,978.58


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
32,684.00
1,168.94
38,205,634.96


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
41,597.00
1,168.94
48,624,397.18


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
60,366.00
1,168.94
70,564,232.04


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
6,919.00
1,168.94
8,087,895.86


VNQ
VANGUARD REIT ETF
436,665.00
84.28
36,802,126.20





DRV 
    Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares 
Trade Date: 07/27/2017    Shares Outstanding: 1,458,309.00



Stock Ticker
Security Description
Shares
Price
Market Value




—
BANK OF NEW YORK CASH RESERVE
6,046,810.23
1.00
6,046,810.23


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
501,344.49
1.00
501,344.49


—
DREYFUS GOVT CASH MGMT
9,124,743.47
1.00
9,124,743.47


—
GOLDMAN FINL SQ TRSRY INST 506
861,408.67
1.00
861,408.67


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-1,816.00
1,168.94
-2,122,795.04


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-33,880.00
1,168.94
-39,603,687.20


—
MSCI US REIT INDEX SWAP
-4,913.00
1,168.94
-5,743,002.22









Strategy & Benefits

Key Benefits
You know that TRADING is different than investing. But the opportunity to take advantage of short-term trends is only won, if you get the direction right.
Whether you’re a bull or a bear, Direxion is with you. Our leveraged ETFs are powerful tools built to help you:

Magnify your short-term perspective with daily 3X leverage
Go where there’s opportunity, with bull and bear funds for both sides of the trade; and
Stay agile – with liquidity to trade through rapidly changing markets

Leveraged and inverse ETFs pursue daily leveraged investment objectives which means they are riskier than alternatives which do not use leverage. They seek daily goals and should not be expected to track the underlying index over periods longer than one day. They are not suitable for all investors and should be utilized only by investors who understand leverage risk and who actively manage their investments.







Target Index

The MSCI US REIT Index (RMS G) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is comprised of equity real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) that are included in the MSCI US Investable Market 2500 Index, with the exception of specialty equity REITs that do not generate a majority of their revenue and income from real estate rental and leasing operations. The Index represents approximately 99% of the U.S. REIT universe. One cannot directly invest in an index.



Index Top Ten Holdings %



Simon Property Group Inc
6.13





Equinix Inc
3.91





Public Storage
3.85





Prologis Inc
3.68





Welltower Inc
3.21





AvalonBay Communities Inc
3.13





Ventas Inc
2.92





Equity Residential
2.86





Boston Properties Inc
2.24





Digital Realty Trust Inc
2.13








Index Sector Weightings %



Retail REITs
18.98





Specialized REITs
17.32





Residential REITs
16.63





Office REITs
13.26





Health Care REITs
12.98





Diversified REITs
7.51





Industrial REITs
6.96





Hotel & Resort REITs
6.36







Index data as of 
		06/30/2017.
		Source: Bloomberg. Index sector weightings and top holdings are subject to change.
	












Pricing and Performance


Pricing and Performance
NAV and Market Price information as of July 27, 2017. Line chart shows pricing trend over the last 30 days.


fund symbol
DRN






Net asset value (NAV)


23.13
NAV $


0.07
Change $


0.30
Change %












market price closing


23.16
Market $


0.11
Change $


0.48
Change %











Premium / Discount


0.03
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING









fund symbol
DRV






Net asset value (NAV)


10.82
NAV $


-0.03
Change $


-0.28
Change %












market price closing


10.82
Market $


-0.01
Change $


-0.09
Change %











Premium / Discount


—
$ CHANGE FROM LAST DAY TRADING










Monthly
Quarterly
As of June 30, 2017
As of June 30, 2017



DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00




NAV
5.93
3.24
4.30
-14.14
14.11
19.24
39.11
07/16/2009
1.13 /
								1.09


Market Close
6.13
3.43
4.20
-14.01
14.15
19.33
39.00


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-







DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares






 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




 
1M %
3M %
YTD %
1Y %
3Y %
5Y %
Since Inception
Inception Date
Expense Ratio * (Gross / Net %)




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48




NAV
-6.34
-5.64
-10.19
-5.88
-32.86
-34.37
-54.48
07/16/2009
1.54 /
								1.10


Market Close
-6.42
-5.88
-9.98
-5.88
-32.90
-34.42
-54.48


RMS G (Benchmark Index)
2.13
1.65
2.66
-1.82
8.18
9.37
17.64
-
-





* The Net Expense Ratio includes management fees, other operating expenses and Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses. If Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses were excluded, the Net Expense Ratio would be 0.95%.  The Funds’ Adviser, Rafferty Asset Management, LLC (“Rafferty”) has entered into an Operating Expense Limitation Agreement with each Fund, under which Rafferty has contractually agreed to cap all or a portion of its management fee and/or reimburse each Fund for Other Expenses through September 1, 2018, to the extent that the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses exceed 0.95% of the Fund’s daily net assets other than the following:  taxes, swap financing and related costs, acquired fund fees and expenses, dividends or interest on short positions, other interest expenses, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. If these expenses were included, the expense ratio would be higher.
The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance under one year are cumulative, not annualized. For the most recent month-end performance please visit the funds website at direxioninvestments.com.
Short-term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. Because of ongoing market volatility, fund performance may be subject to substantial short-term changes. For additional information, see the fund’s prospectus.






Distributions


Distributions


DRN
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.



DRV
Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X Shares

There are no recent distributions available for this fund.





Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.




  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 
More articles like this



















Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – AHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – CHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – Inst.HYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































LLC vs. Inc | Differences Between LLC & Inc  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




LLC vs. Corporation: What's the Difference?


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











You can think of these as two different company structures with very different tax requirements. Whichever way you choose to go, you're going to look more legit than the other guys. So just take a minute to consider your short-and long-term business goals to figure out which structure is best for you.
Advantages and Disadvantages
A limited liability company is a type of business structure that offers personal liability protections and a few tax advantages to boot. The "LL" in LLC is what protects your personal assets in the event of a judgment against your company. Corporations offer limited liability as well, so we're going to focus on the structural and taxation differences in the chart below.



Advantages of an LLC
Advantages of a Corporation




 No limit on the number of owners
 May issue shares of stock to attract investors


 Profit and loss are passed through to the owners' individual tax returns
 Corporate income splitting may help lower overall tax liability


 No annual meeting or minute book requirements
 






Disadvantages of an LLC
Disadvantages of a Corporation




 Cannot engage in corporate income splitting to lower tax liability
 C corp tax structure requires double taxation of corporate profits (s corp's does not)


 Cannot issue stock
 Must hold annual meetings and record minutes


 
 S corporations have restrictions on the number of owners



LLC or Corporation: Which One Is Right for Me?
Business goals aren't one size fits all, and neither is incorporating. When deciding which kind of corporation fits your business strategy, consider some of the differences that each kind offers. And take a deeper dive with our comprehensive comparison chart.
Find out which corporation is right for your business with our business wizard!
Learn More About Legal Business Structures
Regardless of which business structure you choose, incorporate.com can help you incorporate or form an LLC online or by phone in minutes.

Limited Liability Company (LLC) 
C Corporation 
S Corporation
Nonprofit Corporation
Professional Corporation 
Series LLC
Limited Partnership


Ready to Form Your Business?
get started





Let's get to it.

Incorporate in any state, starting as low as

$79

plus state fees

Get Started






Download a Free Business Formation Guide




First Name



Last Name



Email






Primary Phone






By entering your telephone number and clicking "Continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800-818-6082 to speak to someone who can help you. Your personal information will remain private.


















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING






































Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































Get Started in Any State  | incorporate.com




















































 Click to Complete by Phone



				CLOSE
				

















                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    












Select a State for Your New Business Entity
Select a State
Many businesses incorporate in their home states, but there are advantages to selecting other states.




Please Select
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




										Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
									



Continue





Choose the Type of Entity You'd Like to Form
Choose an Entity Type
LLC is the most popular entity type for small businesses, but it's not for everyone. We've provided descriptions of some common entity types to help you choose.










{{entity.type}}







{{ entity.type }}
{{ entity.description }}

 {{list}}

Frequently Asked Questions 


Packages starting at

${{entity.price | numberTwoDecimalsUnlessTrailingZeros}}
$

Plus State Fees

{{entity.discountCode}}
{{entity.intlDiscountCode}}

Select














								Need help selecting a state for your new business entity?
							

Choosing Your Home State
Why Delaware is the 'Best'



Top States to incorporate in



27% of customers select
										Delaware
									


12% of customers select
										California
									


10% of customers select
										Florida
									


6% of customers select
										New York
									


5% of customers select
										Nevada
									


5% of customers select
										Texas
									








 






        incorporate.com keeps my deadlines organized. The customer service is outstanding and those who have helped me have been nice, professional, and incredibly helpful. 
        
Susan C. – Washington, DC – 4/14/2015














 


The Corporate Veil Guarantee is not available to residents of North Carolina.
©2017 incorporate.com. All rights reserved. 
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice. 



Legal
Privacy










LOADING







×





Create









×




Along with picking the right entity type for your business, it's important to consider which state to incorporate in.
For most small business owners, the choice is simple: they incorporate in the state where their company is physically located, known as 'home state incorporation.' However, there are good reasons to consider forming your corporation or LLC in certain other states, including tax advantages, streamlined judicial processes, and easier business filing requirements.
For example, many business owners choose to incorporate in Delaware, which is a favored business jurisdiction for the previously mentioned and other reasons.

Delaware is widely considered to be one of the nation's most business-friendly jurisdictions. There are a number of reasons to incorporate your small business in Delaware, including:

Well-established and flexible business laws
Low franchise tax on small businesses
No tax on capital stock or assets
No state sales tax
A special business court (Court of Chancery) that minimizes the time and cost of commercial litigation
No residency requirement for shareholders, directors, and officers of a corporation or members or managers of an LLC























×
Just a few details and we'll get you started.

















By entering your telephone number and clicking "continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.






Close


Continue














We just need a few details.
Is this the correct email address?

Thanks! Check your inbox for an email from incorporate.com. When you're ready to continue your order, simply click the link and it will be here waiting.





										Fill out the form below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									

										If you would like to change your email address, edit it below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									















Please Select Country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Zaire
Zambia












											By providing your telephone number(s) and clicking save and send, you expressly authorize incorporate.com to contact you at the telephone number(s) above, regarding any order(s) or to introduce marketing offers, using automated telephone dialing systems. You are not required to provide this consent in order to purchase goods or services.
										



Close
Save & Send





Close
start new order











































Starting a Business - Forming an LLC or Corporation  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




Starting a Business


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











Take that first step.
Starting a business can be scary, but knowing what you need to make it happen makes things easier.
Getting Started





Business Formation Wizard






Not Sure Whether Incorporating or Forming an LLC is Right for You? Want to find out what others in your industry are doing? Let our wizard help. More…







Business Entity Types






To get the most out of your small business, choose the right structure. Selecting the right type of company for your new business helps maximize your chances of financial and operational success. More…







Employer Identification Number (EIN)






Corporations, most LLCs, and all businesses with employees must have this IRS-issued identifier. Much like a Social Security Number, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) is a federal nine-digit number that identifies a business entity. More…







Business Licenses & Permits






Most state, county, and local governments require companies to have the right licenses and permits in place before they open their doors. More…







Name Reservations






A name reservation lets you hold a particular business name for later use and prevents other companies from registering that name without notice to you. Get a free corporate name check today. More…







Register a Business Name






Many state and local governments require companies to register any alternate names under which they conduct business. Registering a DBA name alerts the public that your business intends to use that name. More…







Registered Agent Service






Corporations and Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are required by state law to have an address where they can receive important legal and tax documents during all business hours. The person or firm receiving these documents is known as the company's "Registered Agent." More…




Business Entities





Limited Liability Company (LLC)






An LLC is a great choice for businesses that want the liability protection of a corporation with less paperwork. More…







C Corporation






A C Corporation is the most common business entity. An ideal choice for businesses that want to attract investors. More…







S Corporation






An S Corporation is a great choice for small businesses that want to avoid double taxation on business profits. More…







Nonprofit Corporation






A Non Profit business structure is the right choice for scientific, religious, educational or charitable endeavors. More…







Professional Corporation






Some states allow Professional LLCs for licensed professionals, including doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers, architects and realtors. More…







Series LLC






A Series LLCs permits multiple members, managers and business lines. Allowed in some states. More…







Limited Partnership






A Limited Partnership provides some protection from liability for certain partners. More…




No Dumb Questions
Get your questions answered and learn more about starting your business by calling 800.818.6082.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING




























