

Prince Charles launches product line with a most unfortunate name | Daily Mail Online

























































































































































































 



 Home



 U.K.


 
 

News



 Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


News


World News


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


Wires



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback









 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










Dramatic moment hero Starbucks customer, 58, thwarts robber half his age armed with a knife and hospitalizes the crook





Boy, five, who went viral after receiving a heart transplant, dies just one month after he was finally released from the hospital





'I've got complete power to pardon': Trump defends Don Jr. and undermines embattled Jeff Sessions in raging Twitter rant against Russia probe





John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at California hotel'





Top general says Russians could force US out of Syria, as Congress strikes deal to slap them with new sanctions





Cops rescue underage girl from locked-up New York City bar after she passed out in the bathroom





How this magical monkey selfie ruined my life: Wildlife photographer says image published 50 million times cost him his life savings and marked the end of his award-winning career





Hunt is on for wild monkey in Texas after it jumped into a truck and 'attacked' a teenage girl





German girl, 16, found in Mosul who became ISIS bride and 'admitted killing soldiers' may face trial in Iraq 





'It's absolutely sickening': Justine Damond's family outraged over claims she may have been on drugs when rogue cop shot her dead





Chaos in Minneapolis: Angry protesters shut down mayor's press conference as police chief RESIGNS over death of bride-to-be Justine Damond at hands of 'startled' cop





Iran reveals production line of new missile it says can shoot down stealth fighter jets 75 miles away 





EXCLUSIVE - Spicey breaks cover: Former Press Secretary is spotted getting some early morning air with his rescue dog near his home one day after shock resignation from the White House





Trump speaks at the commissioning of $12.9 billion warship which he calls 'the newest, largest and most advanced aircraft carrier in the history of this world' to round up Made in America week





Steve Bannon has 'largely disappeared' from Trump's inner circle for 'self preservation', report claims





Donald Trump Jr and Paul Manafort cut a deal to talk to Senate panel in private and avoid a public hearing next week





'These end-of-life choices are never easy': John McCain rival urges the senator to step down after 'grim' brain cancer diagnosis





The new face of Topshop? Hot felon Jeremy Meeks poses in LA shop window as gleeful heiress girlfriend looks on... after heartbroken wife Melissa removes him from her Instagram bio





Crab fishing boat that sank in the waters where 'Deadliest Catch' is filmed is recovered five months after it sank with six crew members on board





Top general says LEAKS to the New York Times are the reason ISIS leader al-Baghdadi escaped US forces and is likely still alive





Husband and wife whose bodies were found perfectly preserved in Swiss glacier are finally buried 75 years on





Hero seven-year-old girl takes the wheel after her dad 'overdoses and falls unconscious' while driving in Brooklyn





'He always had a smile on his face': Friends remember 19-year-old college student who was the first of four victims fatally shot by schizophrenic pot dealer and buried in a farm





Mamma Mia! Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump soak up the sun in a last minute sunbathing session as they wrap up their Italian vacation




Previous
Next








SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Prince Charles launches product line with a most unfortunate name
By

Sebastian Shakespeare for the Daily Mail


Published:
  20:25 EDT, 11 January 2015

 | 
Updated:
  03:16 EDT, 12 January 2015














e-mail








412
shares

 
          89
View  comments



  





 Prince Charles has launched a line of products at his country shop in Gloucestershire under the name IsisWith what could hardly be worse timing as the West braces itself for more terrorist attacks after the carnage in Paris, Prince Charles has launched a line of products at his country shop under the name Isis.The heir to the throne is selling the expensive Isis ceramic range of lamp stands, vases and serving bowls at the shop near his Gloucestershire retreat, Highgrove.'I couldn't believe it,' says one visitor to the Highgrove Shop in Tetbury. 'You would think they would change the name pronto.'Of course, the range (from which one piece is pictured) has nothing to do with the extremist Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham known as Isis, but is inspired by the River Thames, which is known as the Isis in Oxford.However, the Prince of Wales might take a leaf out of the book of the Earl of Grantham in Downton Abbey and deal with the problem forcibly.The earl's dog was called Isis but was suddenly struck down with cancer after the name became synonymous with murderous Islamist fanatics in Iraq and Syria. Hugh Bonneville, who plays Lord Grantham in the 1920s-set ITV drama, insisted that the labrador's demise was not related to 21st-century events in the Middle East but many viewers were unconvinced.Highgrove bills the Isis range, which includes a Blue Chimney Vase Lamp Base for £525 and a Blue Wigstand Jar for £275, as 'hand-made English ceramics'.It says on its website: 'Based in Oxford, where the Thames is known as the Isis, Deborah Sears, painter, designer and owner of Isis Ceramics, has been creating and painting beautiful ceramic pieces since 1988. Deborah has collected 17th-century English Delftware for many years.  





 





The heir to the throne is selling the expensive Isis ceramic range of lamp stands, vases and jugs (left) at the shop near his Gloucestershire retreat, Highgrove, along with other products (right)  





 One visitor to the Highgrove Shop in Tetbury (pictured) said: 'I couldn't believe it. You would think they would change the name pronto'From this enthusiasm rose Isis Ceramics, and a range of patterns and shapes which evoke the spirit of 17th and 18th-century England.'Highgrove adds: 'These beautiful pieces are created by a studio of talented artists whose high level of craftsmanship is dedicated to the pursuit of hand-produced and hand-painted designs.'The variety of forms and functions, and the individual painting of Isis Ceramics makes each one unique, allowing everyone to create a collection that expresses their own unique sense of wit, taste and design.'How wedding belle Alice rang in 2015 Her father Trevor Eve was once the most well-remunerated actor on British TV thanks to his reported £1 million-per-year contract for crime drama Waking The Dead, while her mother Sharon Maughan admitted she was 'paid a fortune' for appearing in the Gold Blend adverts in the Eighties.But Hollywood star Alice Eve nevertheless decided to sell the exclusive rights to her wedding to Hello! magazine.   





 Star Trek actress Alice, 32, celebrated tying the knot with Goldman Sachs financier Alex Cowper-Smith on New Year's Eve at the Mandarin Oriental hotel in LondonStar Trek actress Alice, 32, celebrated tying the knot with Goldman Sachs financier Alex Cowper-Smith on New Year's Eve at the Mandarin Oriental hotel in London. The couple first met at £16,380-per-year Westminster School and were reunited last year.Alice wore a stunning lace bridal gown that emphasised her figure, which was the cause of so much envy following her role as a voluptuous nanny in Sex And The City 2.


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Jeremy Clarkson charmed by his...



SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Dreadlocked and VERY hands on -...



SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Ring swap hints Emilia could be chef...



SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Most preposterous selfies of the week





Share this article
Share
412 shares



Vogue sent writer Christa D’Souza to Pakistan to watch international aid executive David Miliband at work. Her report illustrates that the former Labour Foreign Secretary is less cack-handed than his hapless brother Ed — but not by much. David managed to eat a sandwich without incident. But when he poured some coffee from a flask it took him a while to realise his polystyrene cup had a hole in the bottom of it — cue frantic mopping up.Princess Michael of Kent complained, a few years ago, that she was suffering in the downturn.‘I am in very austere economic times, too, thank you very much!’ wailed Marie-Christine, who is married to the Queen’s cousin Prince Michael. ‘I mean, we never go out to dinner unless we go to somebody’s house.’Happily, all those worried about the couple’s finances can breathe a sigh of relief. The Princess has found enough coins down the side of the sofa at her Kensington Palace apartment for them to spend January in the West Indies.



Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








412
shares











      Most watched News videos          Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington dies aged 41         Terrifying moment UK bound flight performed emergency nosedive         Spicer sneaks out White House side door at 2:18 after resigning         Amazing idea: this barber covers his shop floor with pennies         Long Gill River Kingsdale fills up with after heavy downpour         Mum's surprise as son cuts chunk of her hair filming spoof video         Disturbing video of teens watching drowning man and doing nothing         Blair Logan points out 'fire hazard' in eerie gardening clip         Meet the bizarre goat born with a demonic human-looking face         Mysterious moment morphing UFO spotted flying over Cornwall         'Scary lady!': 'Ghost servant' caught on camera at palace         Minneapolis Police Chief responds to shooting of Justine Ruszczyk         





       How this magical monkey selfie ruined my life: British...      Orphan who's Bob Geldof's greatest success: Tiger Lily...      Chester Bennington's wife holds hands with her...      ISIS fighters dress up as WOMEN with make-up and padded...      John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home...      Why Britain's suffering an acid attack epidemic: Gang...      Eighteen-year-old cheerleader is charged with 'killing...      Melissa McCarthy's impression was 'over the line' and I...      British teenagers on holiday in Turkey say they were...      EXCLUSIVE: Mel B's ex-nanny stole $300,000 from her and...      Chaos in Minneapolis: Angry protesters shut down mayor’s...      British tourists forced to queue outside Kos airport over...      Sacre bleu! French complain that their brave sacrifice at...      Pudsey the dog's owner says she is NOT replacing him -...      Thug who kicked Paul Gascoigne down flight of hotel...      Murderer who doused his brother and his girlfriend with...      Billy goat's rough: 'Demon' baby goat is born with...      Pulitzer Prize winning Wall Street Journal reporter, 34,...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       












Comments 88

	    Share what you think
          







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated





 
View all




The comments below have not been moderated.





 
View all



      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          Jersey Shore star Ronnie Magro and girlfriend pictured bloodied after bottle-smashing 'fight' in Las Vegas
          
          Sustained lacerations
        











          Pregnant Nicky Hilton works understated glamor in a loose blouse and denim shorts as she enjoys sun-soaked family holiday in St Tropez
          












          Revealed: Kate's $34,000 tour wardrobe as the Duchess pulls out all the stops to showcase Polish, German AND British fashion
          












          Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she packs on PDA with new beau Mechie in Miami... and gets a kiss from Joanna Krupa's ex
          
          New relationship
        











          Proud papa! Rob Kardashian returns to social media with cute snap of Dream... as Blac Chyna parties with new beau in Miami
          
          Back online
        














          'Look what you're missing!' Celebrities reveal how they would spend a night with an ex...and what their parting words would be 
          
          SPONSORED
        











          Hot in the city! Elizabeth Banks shows off her lovely legs in a flirty mini-skirt as she grabs a cold drink in LA
          
          The 43-year-old looked fresh as  daisy
        











          We belong together! Mariah Carey and Lionel Richie kick off epic All The Hits tour together with magical performance in San Francisco
          












          She's so fierce! Kylie Jenner's on the prowl as she flashes her flat abs and long legs in smoldering Puma promo
          
          One of the sportswear brand's ambassadors
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sealed with a kiss! Brooklyn Beckham appears to CONFIRM romance with Madison Beer as they lock lips during LA shopping trip
          












          I'm four! George and his gap-toothed grin: Kate and William release adorable portrait of the Prince as they prepare to celebrate his birthday 
          














          Can an A-list relationship REALLY end on good terms? The famous last words celebrities have spoken about their exes 
          
          SPONSORED
        











          Mamma Mia! Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump soak up the sun in a last minute sunbathing session as their wrap up their Italian vacation
          












          John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at California hotel'
          
          Died in California
        











          Cristiano Ronaldo looks in good spirits as he signs autographs in Shanghai... after confirming girlfriend Georgina is pregnant with his fourth child
          












          Where's new flame Brooklyn Beckham? Madison Beer leaves little to the imagination in crop top as she parties at Tyga's music release bash
          












          The dream team! Chris Hemsworth enjoys boys' weekend at San Diego's Comic Con while wife Elsa Pataky parties at music festival with young twins
          












          The new face of Topshop? Jeremy Meeks poses in Sir Phillip Green's LA shop window as gleeful heiress girlfriend Chloe Green looks on
          












          It's in his kiss! Jeremy Meeks passionately locks lips with girlfriend Chloe Green during coffee run in LA and confirms that 'we are' in love
          












          Speaking to Diego? Suki Waterhouse, 25, appears deep in conversation during New York stroll... after reigniting romance rumors with Luna, 37
          












          Shirtless Orlando Bloom shows off his incredible abs as he soaks up the sunshine on beach getaway in France
          
          Hit the beach
        













          Toned and terrific! Shanina Shaik displays statuesque figure in a sleeveless floral frock for Miami fashion show
          
          The 26-year-old wore a choker necklace
        











          Man of style! Justin Timberlake keeps low profile in beanie and shades as he wheels his suitcase through New York
          
          Nearly unnoticeable
        











          'I don't regret a bit of that': Kelly Lynch says motherhood led her to reject Basic Instinct role that made Sharon Stone's career
          
          Impacted her decisions
        











          When you got it! Nicki Minaj slips on cleavage-baring black ensemble with thigh-high boots and dances to her Swish Swish verse on a balcony
          












          Emily Ratajkowski shocks fans as she shows off her VERY slender figure and ample chest to pose completely NAKED for LOVE Magazine
          












          Chris Brown 'sues concert organizer citing extreme emotional distress in 2015 incident in the Philippines'
          
          Not initially permitted to leave the country
        











          Hello, gorgeous! Christina Milian offers glimpse at bra through sheer off-the-shoulder top as she strolls in Miami Beach with a male pal
          












          ABS-olutely incredible! Chanel Iman flashes her flat stomach in neutral crop top and pencil skirt for Miami swim week after party
          
          Incredible body
        











          Simply stunning! Ruth Negga hits fashion high note in a vintage-inspired dress as she attends Comic Con alongside her Preacher co-stars
          












          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone supports sister Petra Stunt as they step out for lunch with father Bernie and their children
          














          Top of the crops! Jamie Chung shows some skin in a black crop top at a Comic-Con party for The Gifted
          
          Showed off her fit physique at a party
        











          The bodyguard who saw EVERYTHING: How Diana once flirted with Pavarotti, jumped 20ft from a hotel balcony and travelled 'goat class' with a hen party
          












          Pep in her step! Vanessa Hudgens accentuates gym-honed legs in flirty red dress as she grabs iced coffee
          
          Judge on FOX's So You Think You Can Dance
        











          Keeping her cool! Ariel Winter goes braless during grocery run in LA as boyfriend Levi Meaden dotes on young family member
          












          Look at me! Geri Horner flaunts slender midriff in tiny vest top and biker jacket as she steps out in London for radio hosting gig
          
          Packed schedule 
        











          Making a splash! Audrina Patridge is paisley perfect as she debuts her sizzling swimwear line at SwimMiami
          
          Starting a new chapter
        











          'When you find out mommy was a pop star!' Victoria Beckham shares sweet moment delighted daughter Harper discovers her Spice Girls dolls
          












          She's not a regular mom, she's a cool mom! Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky takes her young twins to music festival
          
          Soaked up the sounds
        











          She's a knockout! Romee Strijd showcases her toned legs and trim midriff in mini skirt during stroll through New York 
          
          Showcased her legs 
        











          Nick Cannon hits the runway for Miami Swim Week while holding hands with model Addison Garman
          
          Singer, actor, producer and now model 
        











          Usher 'faces new lawsuit from woman who claims he didn't tell her he had herpes before their unprotected sexual encounter'
          
          A $10 million lawsuit 
        











          Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries sizzles in bathing suit as she tops up her tan in Miami...after sharing flirty nude snap from bed
          












          'Love you': Julianne Hough heaps praise on BFF Kristy Sowin as she is lavished with gifts on 29th birthday during sun-soaked honeymoon
          
          Overcome with emotion 
        











          Bikini model Natasha Oakley says achieving success despite not having a 'rail-thin' frame has provided fans with 'new-found confidence'
          
          Australian bikini model 
        











          Hitting their stride! Bella Thorne rocks beanie and all-white outfit as she steps out with male pal in LA
          
          Had her arm casually draped around him
        













          Khloe Kardashian blast cruel trolls who claim OJ Simpson is her DAD as family friend 'The Juice' prepares to be released in October
          
          Spoken out 
        











          The terrible twos strike! Adorable Charlotte throws a tantrum as she refuses to board the plane at Hamburg airport (but it's all smiles from George)
          












          Sienna Miller looks chic in cream jumper as she's supported by pal Liv Tyler at her West End production of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof
          
          Signed autographs
        











          Looking lovely! Jamie Chung displays toned legs in gingham dress with corset belt as she supports action show at Comic-Con
          
          X-Men spinoff star 
        











          IT's back! Pennywise the Clown gnaws on child's dismembered hand in horrifying Comic-Con sneak peek of Stephen King remake
          
          Gruesome shot
        











          Lily Cole looks sheepish in an oversized hooded dress while co-star Charlotte Ritchie is laden with boxes as the pair head home after starring in play
          












          Peachy keen! Carrie Underwood shows off her fantastically flat abs in scenic lakeside swimsuit selfie
          
          Country superstar looked great 
        











          Party time! Kylie Jenner celebrates wrap of self-titled reality series with frosted neon lip cake
          
          Wrapped her reality show Life Of Kylie 
        











          EXCLUSIVE: Mel B's ex-nanny stole $300,000 from her and is threatening to release sex tapes claims her attorney during bitter court sessions
          












          Making a big splash! Puffy Daddy lives large as he goes shirtless and sips cocktails with his family on $46M luxury boat off coast of Italy
          
          Had a whale of a time
        











          Still smirking at justice: OJ Simpson tells close friend he plans to visit his ex-wife's grave as he continues to insist he didn't murder her 
          
          Granted parole
        











          She can act, too! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi stuns in Comic-Con portraits as she promotes her latest movie 'Sharknado 5' 
          
          Many talents
        











          Documentary maker Ron Creevey claims Michael Hutchence's daughter Tiger Lily will be 'very well taken care of' thanks to work of accountants'
          












          Tragic INXS singer Michael Hutchence's daughter Tiger Lily who was left an orphan after her British mother died of an overdose celebrates turning 21 
          












          Showing some skin! Gwyneth Paltrow dons VERY tiny shorts and long striped blouse for summery outing with gal pal
          
          Proudly flaunted he legs
        











          Like day and night! Blonde Kaley Cuoco looks cute as she poses with her raven-haired younger sister Briana at Comic-Con in California
          
          Sisterly love 
        











          'She trusts no one': Sophie Turner says Sansa Stark is 'woke' as Game of Thrones unveils season seven preview in Comic-Con panel
          
          Ready for action 
        











          Jimmy Kimmel reveals 3-month-old son Billy is 'doing great' after open-heart surgery
          
          Late night host has tweeted a sweet photo of his smiling baby son 
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna, 29, goes public with rapper Mechie, 24, at Miami hotel same day as kissing photo... while Rob Kardashian hides
          












           PICTURED: Brooklyn Beckham enjoys low-key shopping trip with leggy rumored flame Madison Beer... amid claims she's met mum Victoria
          












          Bra-vo! Nicole Murphy, 49, showcases ample cleavage and incredible figure in sexy white crop top and jean shorts
          
          Nicole only appears to be getting younger
        











          New couple alert! Gossip Girl star Kelly Rutherford steps out in NYC with Prophetik fashion designer Jeff Garner
          
          Looked delighted 
        











          'People are a**holes': Khloe Kardashian looks cool during date with Tristan before reacting to haters who heckled her about 'real dad' OJ Simpson
          












          Hello petal! Krysten Ritter cuts sophisticated figure in sheer floral gown as she supports Marvel's The Defenders at Comic-Con
          
          Star of Jessica Jones
        











          Cara Delevingne cuts a stylish figure in navy and white trousers with a striped blouse to promote Valerian film
          
          Whirlwind promotional tour for Valerian
        











          Time with her cousin! Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her figure after workout as she walks in NYC with lookalike family member Tiana Rios
          












          Sheer thing! Alessandra Ambrosio flashes black bra in see-through tank top and frayed jean shorts during coffee run with daughter Anja
          












          Bra-flashing Celine Dion, 49, rocks her most muted ensemble yet in a sharp tailored jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Paris
          
          Canadian pop diva
        











          Eva Longoria show off her enivably svelte frame as she steps out in a flattering white beaded minidress for Global Gift Gala in Ibiza
          
          Shimmered 
        











          Sunny in summer! Naomi Watts dishes working with David Lynch while wearing stylish light orange top at Twin Peaks Comic-Con panel
          












          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Have goofy Gwynnie and mum taken up paintballing? Paltrow and her 74-year-old mom sport eye-popping outfits
          












          'It's difficult to say': Louis Tomlinson claims Harry Styles is holding up a One Direction reunion... and says he was blocked from being an X Factor judge
          












          'I have learned a lesson I won't forget:' Singer Scotty McCreery speaks out after accidentally bringing a loaded gun to airport
          
          American Idol winner 
        











          Super dad! Liev Schreiber treats his sons to Comic-Con as they don character costumes before reuniting with mom Naomi Watts
          












          Don't mesh with her! Rose McGowan puts toned torso on display in sheer crop top as she beats the heat with floppy hat
          
          Stepping out in NYC
        











          'I was embarrassed about it': Charlize Theron says living with an unpredictable alcoholic father was more traumatic than his death
          
          Went through therapy
        











          Tamera Mowry says talks to bring beloved TV series Sister, Sister back to the air are 'progressively moving forward'
          
          Another re-boot 
        











          Mad Men vet Kiernan Shipka looks happy as she peruses LA farmer's market in straw hat and blue blouse
          
          She grew up on screen
        











          Meet The Stewarts! Rod, 72, cosies up to wife Penny Lancaster, 46, as they proudly show off their children and grandchildren in rare family photo 
          












          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Third time lucky for Murdoch's $207million daughter who marries her fiance in a lavish Cotswolds ceremony
          












          More Momoa! Game of Thrones star Jason confirmed as a guest of Brisbane and Sydney Oz Comic-Con as he films Aquaman on the Gold Coast
          












          The Walking Dead season eight preview is unveiled at San Diego Comic-Con after tribute to late stuntman
          
          Flashed upon a number of chilling images
        











          Fun in the sun: Bethenny Frankel, 46, dons skimpy string bikini for beach day with seven-year-old daughter Bryn in Montauk, New York
          












          'There are children in the world, so cover up!': Nikki Blonsky lashes out at Ariel Winter for her sexy style... but adds the teen has a 'great body'
          
          Admonished her
        











          Anna Wintour's daughter Bee celebrates birthday with Hamilton-costume party that include Allison Williams and a serenade from Andrew Rannells
          












          Delta hits out at Jennifer Aniston for appearing in advert for Dubai-based competitor airline Emirates in staff video
          
          Star caught in storm
        











          Former Olympic swimmer Princess Charlene dazzles in emerald-green dress as she awards medals at international athletics competition in Monaco 
          












          That's a relief! Shiva Safai smiles at a beauty event just hours after billionaire fiance Mohamed Hadid avoids jail
          
          Dazzled in bird-print 
        











          Olivia Munn looks stylish in black and white as she joins Justin Theroux at The LEGO Ninjago Movie photo call at Comic-Con in San Diego
          












          Former Los Angeles home of Cher and Tony Curtis hits the market for a whopping $180 MILLION - just 10 months after it was sold for half that price tag
          












          Transgender plastic surgery diva Amanda Lepore reveals she had an affair with a now-married rapper and rumors swirl that it's Kanye West
          












          Would you wear GRAY lipstick? As Gigi Hadid turns heads in the lip color, a celebrity make-up artist reveals how YOU can pull off the bold look
          












          Are you feline OK? Kendall Jenner gets cozy with an adorable kitten for cute Vogue video - despite admitting she is ALLERGIC to fluffy animal
          












          Alessandra Ambrosio showcases sensational abs in crop top and jeans as she struts her stuff during NYC outing
          
          Brazilian beauty rocked a cropped black T-shirt 
        











          Pregnant lingerie model Sarah Stage posts pic of ultrasound, insisting her unborn baby is a healthy 2lbs - as followers accuse her of using a SURROGATE
          












          OJ Simpson in protective custody in Nevada prison for his own safety after being granted parole in armed robbery case
          
          Walks free on October 1
        











          Age-defying Elle Macpherson, 53, flaunts her incredibly toned stomach and long legs in a tiny pink bikini during Mexico getaway
          
          Looked effortlessly chic 
        











          Batfleck no more? Ben Affleck may not star in standalone Batman film as Warner Bros 'are working on ushering him out'
          
          Could be one and done
        











          Fit couple! Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews shows off toned tummy while lifting weights as shirtless  Jarret Stoll cleans garage
          












          Puppy love! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell look sleepy while doting on their new adopted dog
          
           In Manitoba, Canada, where Stewart is filming
        











          Maria Menounos calls brain tumor a 'gift' saying she needed to change her life before she and Megyn Kelly break down as she discusses her mom
          












          Johnny is Keeping Up With The Kardashians! Depp 'bought $7K sofa from one of the Kardashian family members for daughter Lily-Rose'
          












          Denim daze! Take a cue from Bella Hadid and Khloe Kardashian and ditch your Daisy Dukes in favor of stylish Bermuda shorts this summer
          












          Is that you Sarah? Ms Jessica Parker looks very different in blonde wig and frumpy outfit to shoot Best Day Of My Life
          
          Filming in Big Apple
        











          Beyonce wax figure is REMOVED from Madame Tussauds museum in NYC after complaints singer was 'whitewashed' to look more like Taylor Swift
          












          Showing off her assets! Nicki Minaj shakes her famous booty as she continues to shoot Rake It Up video which co-stars Blac Chyna
          












           Bristol Palin shares photo of herself enjoying a walk with her sister and two of her children - while husband Dakota remains in Texas with one-year-old Sailor
          












          Feminine in floral! Victoria's Secret model Lily Aldridge looks lovely in blue summer dress and Swedish braids as she heads to meeting in New York City
          












          Looking Long-glorious! Eva, 42, flaunts her figure bikini as she steals a smooch with husband José Bastón during a game of beach volleyball in Ibiza
          












          Mika and Joe in love! Scarborough declares his affection for his co-host fiancee in new music video 
          
          Pair can be seen embracing one another 
        











          Body of Chester Bennington is removed from his home as his wife is targeted by vile hacker who tweeted disgusting claims from her account 
          












          One-piece wonder! Kristen Bell sports Orange Is The New Black style jumper for visit to Disneyland with pals Sarah Silverman and Josh Gad
          












          Michael Jackson 'was a beautiful human being' who was prosecuted by a family whose 'ulterior motive' was money, says a former juror in child molestation case
          












          Rita Ora continues her retro style streak as she rocks vintage The Who T-shirt while touching down in London... after reigniting Diplo dating rumors 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Divorce flip-flop? Tarek El Moussa's filing against Christina about to be dismissed because he hasn't filed papers - but she has moved on
          












          Getting her message out! Platinum blonde  Karlie Kloss wears Girl Empower T-shirt as she showcases her long legs in fitted jeans while running errands in NYC
          












          The Hollywood blonde and the Satanist: Bizarre relationship between doomed actress Jayne Mansfield and Anton LaVey that was cut short by her death in 1967
          












          Dick Van Dyke finally apologizes for the 'most atrocious cockney accent in the history of cinema' over 50 years after singing about Mary Poppins' 'jorly 'orlidye'
          












          She's got that Friday feeling! Ivanka looks happy and relaxed as she shows off her legs in a flirty dress while leaving D.C. home with one-year-old Theodore 
          












          Braless Nicole Scherzinger turns up the heat in a plunging skintight turquoise gown as she makes glamorous arrival at X Factor UK auditions
          












          'No matter what happens you still love them': Nick Carter chokes up while discussing family drama on TV's Boy Band... after fight with brother Aaron
          












          Linkin Park filmed an episode of Carpool Karaoke with Dr Ken star Ken Jeong just days before front man Chester Bennington's suicide
          












          EXCLUSIVE: OJ Simpson's ex-prison guard insists he DID save Juice from a white supremacist inmate and is outraged that OJ called him a 'fraud'
          












           Michael Phelps gets up VERY close and personal with a great white shark as he prepares to take on one of the deadly beasts in an epic race 
          












          Tiffany Trump and mom Marla Maples bid a fond farewell to crew of their charter yacht and get ready to head home, as their two-week Italian vacation ends
          












          Like father, like son! Prince George follows in Prince William's footsteps by donning a helmet and hopping aboard the EXACT same helicopter that dad flies  
          












          Who needs a gym? Michael C Hall squeezes in a quick work out between filming scenes for new Netflix drama Safe in Manchester 
          
          Dexter star limbered up
        











          Style Swoon: From Bella Hadid's rock star belt to Sienna Miller's ear candy, FEMAIL reveals the fashions that caught our attention this week
          












          'I wish!': Jada Pinkett addresses 'crazy, constant' rumor that she and her husband of 23 years Will Smith are swingers
          
          Responded to fan
        











          Korn guitarist Brian Welch is slammed online for calling Linkin Park front man Chester Bennington a 'coward' just hours after his death
          












          'I can either give up and f***ing die or I can fight for what I want': Linkin Park star Chester Bennington explains his battle with depression in FINAL interview
          












          Getting serious! Blac Chyna is kissed by rapper Mechie who shows off BC tattoo behind his ear... two weeks after Rob Kardashian tirade
          












          The couple that works out together... Ashley Tisdale makes funny face as she heads to Los Angeles gym with husband Christopher French
          












          Hollywood star Dan Aykroyd tries to SUE enterprising couple because their skull-shaped homemade chilli sauce bottle is 'too similar' to his vodka
          












          Day off from glam! Rachel Bilson totes large red hippie bag with tassels as she leaves daughter Briar Rose at home to shop in Studio City
          












          'You guys think this is real?': Bella Thorne denies masturbation video is real after explicit clip surfaces online
          
          Hitting back
        











          Nicole Scherzinger flashes serious cleavage as she provocatively unzips plunging yellow top for steamy selfie
          
          Set pulses racing 
        











          The least sexy swimsuits EVER? Brand behind Donald Trump one-piece sells bizarre bathing suits printed with faces of Putin, Kim Jong Un and Nic Cage
          












          She's got moves! Charlize Theron shakes a leg like a pro as she joins Jimmy Fallon in a Dance Battle on The Tonight Show
          
          Showed off her legs
        











          Make way for the birdies! The golfing WAGs adding some serious glamour to The British Open - including fitness instructors and PLENTY of models
          












          Making them green with envy! Radiant Queen Letizia, 44,  displays her toned body in a figure-hugging outfit at music awards in Spain
          












          'Da, da, da, daaa!' Conductor Kate is asked to take up baton to direct Hamburg Symphony Orchestra (and she opts for Beethoven's Fifth)
          












          Age-defying Sharon Stone, 59, looks incredible as she displays her flat stomach and slim legs in a tiny blue bikini in Instagram snap
          












          'I'm not interested in selling my music': Singer Gotye turned down $10 million dollars in YouTube royalties for hit Somebody That I Used To Know
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Mel B blasts nanny's lawsuit that claimed the women were lovers - and it was the ex Spice Girl who pressured then teen into making sex tapes
          












          Sports Illustrated model Joy Corrigan goes TOPLESS on Miami beach as she has fun in the sun with fellow model  Kristyna Schickova
          












          'Are you excited to see your dad?': Khloe Kardashian is trolled on Instagram after news that 'real father' OJ Simpson is being released from prison
          












          Body confident Ashley Graham leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she poses completely nude for sexy photoshoot for LOVE magazine 
          












          Kim Kardashian shows off her famous hourglass figure in an embellished mesh skirt and crop top as she attends a Balmain bash in Los Angeles 
          












          She Ha-did it again! Braless supermodel Bella, 20, wows in skimpy crop top as she hits the streets of New York City
          
          Casually coordinated
        











          Eva Longoria flaunts her figure in a pretty pink bikini as she sips on a cocktail by the pool in Ibiza
          
          Relaxed in style at a Hard Rock Hotel 
        











          Happy National Day! Belgium's King Philippe and Queen Mathilde make for picture perfect family as they celebrate with their children in Brussels 
          












          Love is in the air! Game Of Thrones actress Sophie Turner cuts a casual figure in double denim as she joins boyfriend Joe Jonas at LAX
          












          Ryan Murphy reveals title for season seven of American Horror Story which stars Sarah Paulson, Evan Peters, Billie Lourd and Lena Dunham
          












          Gucci girl! Leggy Hailey Baldwin wears $400 'paint-splattered' designer t-shirt and tiny shorts to attend Kendrick Lamar concert in New York
          












          Petra Ecclestone's lawyer says it is 'scandalous' that her estranged husband James Stunt won't agree to a compromise in their $7bn divorce 
          












          Is it too late to say sorry? Justin Bieber BANNED from China for 'bad behavior'... as country reinforces efforts to 'purify' its entertainment industry
          












          Kris Jenner lets her hair down as she parties in a white feather boa with boyfriend Corey Gamble at a themed bash on a yacht in St Tropez
          












          'They wanted spoilers!' Game of Thrones star Tom Wlaschiha reveals 'charming' Kate and William grilled him about tshow they love to watch when he met the royals
          












          'Snapchat queen' Yesjulz showcases toned bikini body as she frolics on the beach with singer Lexy Panterra in Miami... amid nude photos 'sextortion' case
          












          'That's Granny's boat!' William gets nostalgic as he admires a model of Royal Yacht Britannia which he vacationed on as a child during visit to museum with Kate
          












          Olivia Munn puts on a VERY busty display in risque nude bra as she stands out from the crowd in eye-popping orange co-ord at Comic-Con
          












          OJ's son Justin Simpson is all smiles as he emerges from Walmart after his father's parole hearing
          
          A very good day for the Simpson family 
        











          Age-defying Salma Hayek, 50, puts on a VERY busty display in corset T-shirt as she heads out for dinner with pal
          
          Keeping it casual
        











          Mariah Carey and beau Bryan Tanaka look smitten as they hold hands in Los Angeles... just days after her lackluster dancing goes viral
          












          Camilla wraps up in a trench coat on a rainy day in western England as she and Charles enjoy tea and a scone with the locals (including a very friendly dog)
          












          Jason Bateman and wife Amanda Anka enjoy date night at New York City premiere of his new Netflix series Ozark ... after celebrating 16th wedding anniversary
          












          'Pina coladas and cave swimming':  Sailor Brinkley-Cook flashes flesh as she sizzles in bikini snaps from  tropical holiday adventure
          












          Partying with a six pack! Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her taut tummy in revealing crop top as she parties in Hollywood
          
          Spotted leaving Craig's looking fabulous
        











          In the best possible taste! Reese Witherspoon sticks tongue out and flashes her legs she leaves Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop event in New York
          












          'Everyone has an opinion!' Country singer and mother-of-one Jana Kramer hits out at online mom shamers
          
          Spoke out after Smokeout Festival
        











          'He's not perfect': Todd Chrisley approves of daughter Savannah's 'beautiful relationship' with new NBA beau Luke Kennard
          
          Very happy for them 
        











          Bandmates and friends of Linkin Park's Chester Bennington arrive at his LA home after his shock 'suicide' which coincided with Chris Cornell's birthday
          












          Peek-a-boob! Braless Ariel Winter flashes serious sideboob in daringly skimpy top... after hitting back at bodyshamers
          
          Voluptuous curves
        











          'I went off the wagon': RHOC star Shannon Beador addresses weight gain after blaming co-star Vicki Gunvalson of causing her to stress eat
          












          Khloe Kardashian's NBA beau Tristan Thompson tours $9M LA mansion with basketball court and putting green
          
          Things are getting serious between them
        











          Make-up free Paris Jackson flaunts cleavage and toned legs in skimpy scarlet playsuit as she steps out in New York City
          
          Natural beauty
        











          As Bella Hadid wears a sports bra as a crop top and Emily Ratajkowski rocks a dress as a coat, we reveal five very versatile styles to stock in YOUR summer closet 
          












          Letting her Skarsgard down! Topless Alexa Chung flashes her bare breasts in raunchy LOVE shoot... after 'split' from actor Alexander
          
          Uncharateristic
        











          That'll show them! Halle Berry, 50, downs half a PINT of whiskey at Comic-Con event in San Diego after denying she is pregnant 
          
          Perfect response 
        











          Elle Evans, 27, flashes toned tummy in tie-front top as she joins boyfriend Muse frontman Matt Bellamy, 39, backstage at The Late Show
          












          Gwyneth Paltrow and her lookalike mom Blythe Danner wear matching Prada outfits as they attend GOOP event with star's ex-husband Chris Martin
          












          Kylie Jenner sells her plush seven bedroom Calabasas 'starter home' for $3.15 million... making a 'modest' $550k profit just two years after buying it
          












          Sofia Vergara, 45, looks stunning as she enjoys romantic night with hunky husband Joe Manganiello at star-studded Guns N' Roses show in NYC
          












          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sheer wonder! Braless Kim Kardashian flashes her ample cleavage in a dangerously low-cut mesh jumpsuit for date night with Kanye
          












          Poppy Delevingne flashes her underwear in a metallic semi-sheer cobweb mini dress as she poses with designer Olivier Rousteing at the Balmain party
          












          Top of the crops! Chantel Jeffries shows off toned tummy as she wears athleisure to Miami party...after being spotted on date with Wilmer Valderrama
          












          Casually-clad Kendall Jenner puts on a cozy display with musician pal Taco Bennett as they link arms during night out together in West Hollywood
          












          Princess Diana's  belongings from her writing desk to tape collection go on display giving a rare glimpse into the tragic royal's life 20 years after she died
          












          Mel B cuts a pensive figure as she steps out in a strapless jumpsuit... while former nanny Lorraine Gilles makes a rare public appearance ahead of court hearing
          












          'He had a really great way of making you forget who he was': Mayte Garcia describes losing her virginity to Prince
          
          Released her first book
        











          Pretty Little Outfit: Lucy Hale looks chic in a loose navy jumpsuit and colourful retro shoes as she steps out for coffee
          
          The 28-year-old looked super stylish 
        











          Peace! Paris Jackson flaunts hippie style in groovy glasses and tie-dye pants on NYC streets
          
          She has burning candle at both ends 
        















 
 
DON'T MISS










          ABS-olutely fabulous! Demi Lovato flaunts her toned midsection while on the set of upcoming music video
          
          Rocking a tiny crop top and track bottoms
        











          Transformers' Isabela Moner and Laura Haddock don elegant gowns for Tokyo premiere of The Last Knight
          
          Joined by life-size robots
        











          'It's going down!' Model Shanina Shaik flaunts her slender figure in a black mini skirt at a bowling alley ahead of Miami Swim Week party
          
          Letting her hair down 
        











          About to pop out! Busty Christina Milian flaunts her cleavage in sexy white off-the-shoulder dress with buttons up the front
          
          On the red carpet 
        











          An unlikely bromance! Criss Angel is feted by acting star Gary Oldman at Hollywood Walk Of Fame presentation
          
          He is one of the biggest stars in the world
        











          'I did think about getting breast implants': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm reflects on her body image battle and reveals why she will never get surgery
          












          Sienna Miller is the picture of elegance in a flirty and feminine embroidered frock as she leaves performance of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof in London
          












          'I wanted to cater more to women': Tyga claims female fanbase has 'exploded' as he promotes album... but doesn't mention ex Kylie Jenner
          












          Fry another day! Sunburnt Bill Clinton dines with his favorite James Bond actor Pierce Brosnan on a private boat in Hawaii 
          
          Enjoying himself 
        











          Bella Thorne smooches rapper Blackbear's shoulder...just days after partying with Scott Disick in NYC
          
          Non-stop for Bella 
        











          Holiday mode! Elle Macpherson enjoys afternoon siesta during chilled out Mexican holiday...following reports of 'split from billionaire Jeff Soffer'
          












          Proud grandma! Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles dances to Blue Ivy's rap on Jay-Z's new album in sweet Instagram video
          
          One proud grandmother
        











          Kit Harington and Rose Leslie DENY they are engaged... after reports claimed Game of Thrones actor had proposed over 'candlelit dinner'
          












          AC slayed her! Paula Patton is in good spirits as she cracks up during interview with Mario Lopez  on Extra
          
          Cracked up on the set during filming 
        











          'Everybody gets along great!': David Arquette reveals his secrets to successful co-parenting with Courteney Cox 
          
          He is the epitome of a modern family man
        











          Make-up free Kendall Jenner covers her face while leaving a Beverly Hills dermatology clinic
          
          The 21-year-old left without a scrap of makeup on
        











          Jennifer Lawrence joins Amy Schumer and SNL stars on stage at comedy gig to support sex assault charity 
          
          Like true sisters, they support each other
        











          She's got the blues! Olivia Culpo makes a flirty display in a skin-tight tank and relaxed jeans for photo shoot
          
          Girl-next-door style 
        











          Her leading man! Sarah Wayne Callies stuns in skimpy bustier as she cuddles up to Colony costar Josh Holloway at Comic-Con
          
          Alien invasion drama 
        











          That's the key! Karlie Kloss shows off her flat abs in quirky white keyhole tee and red track pants
          
          She never fails to turn heads
        











          Doctor Doom is ready for his close-up! Fox developing feature film based on Marvel's Fantastic Four villain
          
          Revealed at Comic-Con in San Diego
        











          Simply stylish! Jaime King looks lovely in red blouse and fitted jeans as she steps out for juice in Beverly Hills
          
          Showed off her figure in the high-waist pants 
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck's girlfriend Lindsay Shookus reunites with estranged husband Kevin Miller and their daughter in NYC
          












          The look of love: Duke and Duchess of Cambridge can't keep their eyes off each other as they join artists for a glittering reception in a Berlin ballroom
          












          Wonder in white! Eiza Gonzalez shows off toned tummy in crop top and floral skirt for shopping trip in LA
          
          The Mexican actress looked stunning
        











          Game of Thrones creators admit new slavery series Confederate is 'weapons grade material' after massive backlash 
          












          Baby makes three! The Power star Naturi Naughton gives birth to first child with boyfriend Ben
          
          Became parents to a baby girl on July 19 
        











          'I'm grateful it happened later!' Bryan Cranston, 61, reveals he is happy to have found  fame in his fifties
          
          Opened up about his hard-earned success 
        











          PICTURED: Kevin Hart is seen getting close to 'Miami singer Monique' in a car at 5am as his pregnant wife is absent... but he denies any foul play
          












          'I call him pops': Dan Steven teases possible Patrick Stewart cameo as second season of Legion unveiled at Comic-Con
          
          Exciting prospect
        











          What a coincidence! Kim Kardashian tweets about new beauty line...right as  O.J. Simpson is granted parole
          
          Simultaneous tweets
        











          Cara Delevingne flashes her cleavage in a plunging velvet trouser suit as she heads out in NYC amid Bond Girl rumors
          
          Acting career is taking off
        











          Next! Tyga steps out with new mystery blonde in New York City... after saying he's 'not in love no more' with Kylie Jenner
          
          Moved on for now
        











          The return of Game of Thrones was so popular that the number of people viewing internet porn dropped 
          
          The seventh series has premiere
        











          Cookie sets if off! Taraji P. Henson fires guns and crashes cars as she dons blonde wig for femme fatale role in Proud Mary trailer
          
          Plays a trained killer 
        











          She's a keeper! Eva Longoria, 42, displays her jaw-dropping curves in a skimpy pink bikini as she sips beer and plays soccer on Ibiza beach
          












          OJ Simpson granted parole after nine years with former football star, 70, set to walk free in October
          
          Nevada Parole Board voted unanimously 
        











          Liam Payne gives his fans a treat by posing with them on the streets of NYC... as he insists that he and Cheryl will not be spoiling their son Bear
          












          Daisy's star quality shines through: Actress tells all about appearing in Kenneth Branagh's all-star film version of Murder On The Orient Express
          












          Joseph Gordon-Levitt and wife Tasha McCauley welcome second child together
          
          Couple, who wed in 2014, also have a son who is almost 2
        











          Kate Moss, 43, joins her toyboy boyfriend Count Nikolai von Bismarck, 30, for a romantic date night at the theater in London
          
          Headed out together 
        











          Bright stars! Australian actors Joel Edgerton and Lucy Fry join Will Smith in launching Netflix's first blockbuster film trailer at San Diego Comic-Con
          












          Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump go jet skiing, then soak up some rays while lounging on a yacht, before heading to the Italian island of Elba 
          












          Carmen Electra granted restraining order against 'madly in love' stalker who kept notebook of personal information on former Baywatch star
          












          Simply the chest! Suki Waterhouse goes braless is seriously daring wrap dress as she puts on leggy display in New York
          
          Out to turn heads 
        











          Beach babe! Christina Milian is a natural beauty in a blue bikini while enjoying some fun in the Miami sun
          
          The singer showed off her killer curves
        











          Pitch-er perfect! Rebel Wilson is casual cool in sangria-coloured top on New York set of latest flick Isn't It Romantic
          
          The 37-year-old actress looked glamorous
        











          Harry Potter fans in meltdown as TWO new books are set to be released to coincide with the 20th anniversary of the launch of the series
          












          Moody Lana Del Rey's still glad to be sad: Stylish, but no surprises on singer's new album Lust For Life 
          
          Deviates only slightly from her original sound 
        











          Mystery man revealed! Bikini-clad Lily Collins cozies up to former classmate Jason Vahn as they soak up the sun in Italy together 
          
          Loved-up 
        











          'Ask for help when you need it and take it day by day': Giada De Laurentiis talks being a working single parent... as she shares genius cooking trick
          












          Effortlessly chic! Transgender model Andreja Pejic cuts a stunning figure in black maxi dress as she picks up groceries in New York
          












          'She said "Life's too f***ing short"': Louis Tomlinson reveals late mum Johannah's dying wish was for him to reconcile with Zayn Malik 
          












          Karolina Kurkova flashes her cleavage in a scooped vest top and skinny jeans as she makes stylish outing in NYC
          
          Czech supermodel
        











          Ready for baby! Jamie-Lynn Sigler shows off her growing bump in flowing bohemian top as she steps out after announcing pregnancy
          












          Top Chef star Barbara Lynch, 53, faces OUI charge from crashing into a parked truck at 4am after 'few glasses of wine' in Massachusetts
          












          EXCLUSIVE: No prison for billionaire father of Gigi and Bella Hadid - he gets 'slap on wrist' after pleading 'no contest' to violating building regulations on mansion
          












          Getting away from it all: Joanna Krupa hits beach in Greece in wake of lawsuit against Brandi Glanville and divorce filing from ex Romain Zago
          












          Beach beauties! Get inspired for YOUR vacation by copying the hair and make-up looks of A-list jetsetters like Emily Ratajkowski and Joan Smalls
          












          'She's doing well': Nikki Blonsky gives update on Hairspray co-star Amanda Bynes adding 'she's getting ready to act' on 10-year anniversary of movie
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Judge orders Brandi Glanville to cough up financial records after Joanna Krupa claimed rival lied about being broke to avoid 'p****' slur pay out
          












          That's cheeky! Bianca Elouise flaunts her VERY shapely derrière in a plunging high-cut swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in Miami Beach
          












          Is Harry ready to pop the question? Magazine claims prince could propose to Meghan as early as NEXT MONTH - and is having 'ring made at royal jeweler'
          












          Angelic! Jenna Dewan dons white dress in NY after celebrating eight years of marriage to Channing Tatum
          
          The 36-year-old showcased her figure 
        











          Great Scott! Kourtney Kardashian's ex Disick caresses and puts his arm around stunning brunette in NYC... after  partying with  Bella Thorne
          












          'I wanna be a good role model': Aaron Carter reveals his dream of marriage and children with girlfriend Madison Parker following DUI arrest
          












          Hot in the city! Hailey Baldwin, 20, shows her tan lines as she sizzles in off-the-shoulder yellow dress on a night out with a gal pal in New York City
          












          Double takes! Charlize Theron flashes legs in TWO sexy outfits...after revealing she was fired from movie Chicago and replaced by Renée Zellweger
          












          'She's a master manipulator': Blac Chyna's ex Pilot Jones paints a negative picture of Rob Kardashian's former fiance
          
          Revealing interview
        











          Vive la France! Celine Dion munches on fries at the Ritz, sails the Seine, and plays the ultimate diva as she prances through Paris in new Vogue video
          












          Family fun! Kourtney Kardashian spends quality time with kids Mason, Penelope and Reign in Nantucket... as ex Scott Disick parties in NYC
          












          Tyga talks ex Kylie Jenner, reveals he warned Rob about Blac Chyna's 'game' and suggests Kardashians planted negative press to ruin his reputation
          












          'We have a very passionate love affair': Luann de Lesseps says all is good with husband adding 'we never go to bed angry'... after slap rumor
          












          Just another New Yorker! Olivia Wilde waits for subway... after admitting she was 'honored' Jennifer Lawrence vomited during her play
          












          Julianne Hough celebrates turning 28 by posting topless snap... as she cozies up to her new husband Brooks Laich on their idyllic Seychelles honeymoon
          












          Happiest place on Earth! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay slips into her Daisy Duke shorts to have a ball with her girlfriends at Disneyland 
          
          Beautiful lawyer, 31
        











          Come here, you! Laughing Gerard Butler cuddles up to a female friend as he jokes around with pals at a beach club on Spanish island of Ibiza
          












          Sealed with a kiss! Katharine McPhee passionately locks lips with new beau Nick Harborne
          
          Packed on the PDA  in West Hollywood 
        











          'I'm proud of who I am!' YouTube singing sensation Greyson Chance, signed by Ellen DeGeneres when he was just 12, comes out as gay
          












          'I did it for America!': Diane Kruger plays Trumps counselor Kellyanne Conway in hilarious Lifetime movie spoof for Funny Or Die
          
          Parody video
        









 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Dramatic moment hero Starbucks customer thwarts robber armed with a knife and hospitalizes the crook





John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at...





'I've got complete power to pardon': Trump defends Don Jr. and undermines embattled Jeff Sessions in raging...





Boy, 5, who went viral after receiving a heart transplant, dies just one month after he was finally released...





Top general says Russians could force US out of Syria, as Congress strikes deal to slap them with new...





Cops rescue underage girl from locked-up New York City bar after she passed out in the bathroom





How this magical monkey selfie ruined my life: British wildlife photographer says image published 50 million...





Hunt is on for wild monkey in Texas after it jumped into a truck and 'attacked' a teenage girl





German girl, 16, found in Mosul who became ISIS bride and 'admitted killing soldiers' may face trial in...





'It's absolutely sickening': Justine Damond's family outraged over claims she may have been on drugs when...





Chaos in Minneapolis: Angry protesters shut down mayor’s press conference as police chief RESIGNS over death...





Iran reveals production line of new missile it says can shoot down stealth fighter jets 75 miles away 





EXCLUSIVE: Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer spotted getting some early morning air with his rescue dog,...





Trump speaks at the commissioning of $12.9 billion warship which he calls 'the newest, largest and most...





Steve Bannon has 'largely disappeared' from Trump's inner circle for 'self preservation', report claims





Donald Trump Jr and Paul Manafort cut a deal to talk to Senate panel in private and avoid a public hearing...





'These end-of-life choices are never easy': John McCain rival urges the senator to step down after 'grim'...





The new face of Topshop? Jeremy Meeks poses in Sir Phillip Green's LA shop window as gleeful heiress...





Crab fishing boat that sank in the waters where 'Deadliest Catch' is filmed is recovered five months after...





Top general says LEAKS to the New York Times are the reason ISIS leader al-Baghdadi escaped US forces and is...





'We spent our whole lives searching for them without stopping': Family finally bury husband and wife whose...





Hero seven-year-old girl takes the wheel after her dad 'overdoses and falls unconscious' while driving in...





'He always had a smile on his face': Friends remember 19-year-old college student who was the first of four...





Mamma Mia! Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump soak up the sun in a last minute sunbathing session as...





Woman, 20, is arrested 'for having sex with a 14-year-old boy she met through a coworker'





Britons among thousands of tourists forced to flee into the streets of Kos as a powerful aftershock rocks...





Eighteen-year-old cheerleader is charged with 'killing her newborn baby and burying it in her backyard'...





You 'SLAUGHTERED THEM': Governor Chris Christie maintains that OJ Simpson was behind the slashing deaths of...





Chester Bennington's wife holds hands with her six-year-old daughter after the Linkin Park frontman...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            Chester Bennington's wife holds hands with her six-year-old daughter after the Linkin Park frontman committed suicide at home following battle with depression
            



 
            How this magical monkey selfie ruined my life: British wildlife photographer says image published 50 million times cost him his life savings and marked the end of his award-winning career
            



 
            John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at California hotel'
            



 
            Eighteen-year-old cheerleader is charged with 'killing her newborn baby and burying it in her backyard' after cops found the child's body following a tip from her doctor
            



 
            Melissa McCarthy's impression was 'over the line' and I quit because there are 'too many cooks' in the White House, says Spicer as Trump praises him as a 'wonderful person who took tremendous abuse'
            



 
            Chaos in Minneapolis: Angry protesters shut down mayor’s press conference as police chief RESIGNS over death of bride-to-be Justine Damond at hands of 'startled' cop
            



 
            Pulitzer Prize winning Wall Street Journal reporter, 34, is found dead in his Manhattan home after he failed to turn up for work
            



 
            Orphan who's Bob Geldof's greatest success: Tiger Lily whose rock star father killed himself when she was a baby and mum Paula Yates died of a drug overdose celebrates turning 21
            



 
            ISIS fighters dress up as WOMEN with make-up and padded bras in desperate bid to flee Mosul - but are caught after neglecting to trim their facial hair! 
            



 
            Delta hits out at Jennifer Aniston for appearing in commercial for Dubai-based competitor airline Emirates in staff video
            



 
            Mother and daughter horribly scarred in brutal acid attack in India STILL live with attacker - because they are too poor and 'shamed' to live on their own
            



 
            Back in the old neighborhood! Melania is all smiles as she leaves Trump Tower in Manhattan after moving to DC last month
            



 
            Massive eighty foot tall sand dunes threaten to SWALLOW UP homes on the banks of Lake Michigan
            



 
            New York Times reporter accuses white women of racism on city sidewalks for not making space for him when walking
            



 
            Billy goat's rough: 'Demon' baby goat is born with human-like features and protruding eyes in Argentina
            



 
            Jailed teacher who cheated on her firefighter husband with a 16-year-old student is now SUING the teen for defamation
            



 
            Scrubs creator Bill Lawrence and nine others are rescued after their sea plane CRASH lands in New York's East River in dramatic splash down that he caught on video
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Mel B's ex-nanny stole $300,000 from her and is threatening to release sex tapes of the former Spice Girl, claims attorney during bitter restraining order court sessions
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer spotted getting some early morning air with his rescue dog, billy, near his Virginia home one day after abruptly resigning from White House 
            



 
            Sean Spicer's greatest hits: Highlights from America's favorite bumbling press secretary
            



 
            Former home of Cher and Tony Curtis hits the market for a whopping $180 MILLION - just 10 months after it was sold for half that price tag
            



 
            'I've got complete power to pardon': Trump defends Don Jr. and undermines embattled Jeff Sessions in raging Twitter rant against Russia probe
            



 
            My loyal, royal subject: Anna Wintour's daughter Bee celebrates birthday with Hamilton-costume party that includes 30 theater cakes, Allison Williams and a serenade from Andrew Rannells
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL
















From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!



more











































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 





















Prince Charles: Organic Innovator, Biscuit Maker  : The Salt : NPR




Accessibility links

Skip to main content
Keyboard shortcuts for audio player




View Navigation



NPR




NPR




NPR Music




NPR Books




NPR About





NPRPodcast Directory



Search

Toggle search




















Prince Charles: Organic Innovator, Biscuit Maker 


 

The Salt
What's On Your Plate










Eating And Health
Foodways
Producers
Food For Thought
For Foodies




Twitter






For Foodies
 
Prince Charles: Organic Innovator, Biscuit Maker 









Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Email









November 11, 201312:51 PM ET











      April Fulton
    















Enlarge this image






                The first product Duchy Originals launched was the Oaten Biscuit, and it's still a top seller today.
                
                
                    
                    April Fulton/for NPR
                    
                
hide caption


toggle caption


        
        April Fulton/for NPR
        
    








The first product Duchy Originals launched was the Oaten Biscuit, and it's still a top seller today.

            
            April Fulton/for NPR
            
        



Who knew Prince Charles started one of the first organic and locally sourced food companies in the world over 21 years ago? Not us, until we got a pitch from his public relations outfit, inviting us to "entertain like the Royals" this holiday season with "Duchy Originals from Waitrose." It turns out the company quietly markets a variety of finely-textured, subtle tasting cookies (biscuits, if you're a Brit) at specialty stores and online. The organic biscuits have only been available in the U.S. since 2012; they're part of a line of fancy jams, cheese, eggs, meats and vegetables sold exclusively at the high-end Waitrose grocery stores in the U.K. Two decades ago, the heir to the throne of England foresaw the potential and value in organic agriculture. Prince Charles' estate farm, called the Duchy Home Farm, went organic in 1986, at a time "when most shoppers cared only about the low price tag on suspiciously blemish-free vegetables and unnaturally large chickens piled high in supermarkets," as Time magazine describes it. The farm supplied barley, beets, carrots, milk, mustard, oats, parsnips and wheat to Duchy Originals, the company the price started in 1992. 

 

 But going green in the go-go '80s and '90s wasn't easy, even for a future king with major assets. "Just the process of developing a supply chain for organic sausages and bacon was a major challenge," said the prince at a recent 21st anniversary event for the company. Back in 1992, there were few guidelines for growing large quantities of food without synthetic pesticides. "We had to start from scratch – literally. And we had to do it by persuading a few courageous producers that it was worth their while to go through the risky and exhaustive process of converting their entire operation to an organic regime," Prince Charles told the audience at the event. The first product Duchy Originals launched was the Oaten Biscuit, and it's still a top seller today. (The cookie is much more refined than it sounds, and it hit the spot with tea and cheese when we tried it.) 


World 
 Prince Charles, the Royal Gardener






"Who would have thought that 21 years later, Oaten Biscuit would have turned into a brand worth [$115.2 million], sold in over 30 countries with 230 different lines, and most encouragingly, would have donated over [$17.6 million ] to charitable causes?" said the prince at the anniversary gathering. Much of the money raised this year will go to a future farming project run by the Soil Association, the prince said in his speech. Of course, the Prince of Wales and his dreams of earth-friendly, elegant food have not been without their challenges. Duchy Originals was by all accounts struggling in mid-2000s as consumers turned away from buying its luxury products during the economic downturn. It teamed up with Waitrose in 2009 and came bouncing back. This summer, Prince Charles was forced to close "the nation's poshest greengrocer," the Veg Shed, where he sold organic fruits and vegetables from his estate's farm, citing lack of profits, according to Today. And just this week, a parliamentary committee suggested the tax status of the prince's Duchy of Cornwall estate "may give it an unfair advantage over its competitors." A Duchy of Cornwall spokeswoman denies the estate has a tax advantage.



organic food
Prince Charles
United Kingdom





Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Email













The Salt
What's On Your Plate





 


NPR thanks our sponsorsBecome an NPR sponsor












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          








	Prince Charles Specialty Products, Posters and Prints at eu.art.com











 False  








 We're Here to Help   Need a quick answer? You've come to the right place.




 Give us a call 

+44 20 8435 6556



 Send us an Email
support@art.com
Write to us at support@art.com
and we'll respond as quickly as possible.



Find Answers
What can we help you with?


Help Overview
FAQ'sTrack Your OrderOrdering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders






 



 

 







 




 





 





 

 

 

 

 

 









  /cdn 1710  > shop > People > By Last Name > P > Prince Charles > Specialty ProductsPrince Charles Specialty Products(17 Items) SWITCH TO VISUAL MODE What's this?You are browsing art in Classic Mode. To try our new experience where you can expore categories visually and discover art using advanced color searching,
switch to Visual Mode.  
    NARROW RESULTSCLEAR ALLsubjectsPPrince Charlesart styles Photography Black and White Photography  Vintage Photography  product typesAll product typesSpecialty ProductssizesMiniSmallMediumLargeOversizedGiantshapesPortraitLandscapeSquarePanoramicSlim colors         Shop By Product Types          Popularity     Popularity SortbyBestSeller Price - High SortbyPrice Price - Low SortbyPrice Narrow - Width SortbyWidth Wide - Width SortbyWidth Short - Height SortbyHeight Tall - Height SortbyHeight Newest SortbyNewest     View Per Page  16  |  32  |  48                
                    Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer with Queen Elizabeth Ii and Prince Philip  Buckingham Palace   
                        Staff   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9317/6I67500Z/art-print/staff-prince-charles-and-lady-diana-spencer-with-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-prince-philip-buckingham-palace.jpg',Imageid:9891443,ItemId:0,Width:400,Height:267,ZoneProductID:'39432649575A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Staff',ArtistId:256991,Title:'Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer with Queen Elizabeth Ii and Prince Philip  Buckingham Palace',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13888856,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39432649575A 5028740                
                    Prince Charles in Great Ayton 1978   
                        Staff   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 74,99 € From 74,99 €  52,49 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9317/V567500Z/art-print/staff-prince-charles-in-great-ayton-1978.jpg',Imageid:9891125,ItemId:1,Width:400,Height:300,ZoneProductID:'39432255558A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Staff',ArtistId:256991,Title:'Prince Charles in Great Ayton 1978',PODConfigID:5028723,APNum:13888200,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39432255558A 5028723                
                    The Queen  Duke of Edinburgh and children at Windsor  1968   
                        Staff   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 74,99 € From 74,99 €  52,49 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9317/HNH7500Z/art-print/staff-the-queen-duke-of-edinburgh-and-children-at-windsor-1968.jpg',Imageid:9891109,ItemId:2,Width:400,Height:300,ZoneProductID:'39432171361A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Staff',ArtistId:256991,Title:'The Queen  Duke of Edinburgh and children at Windsor  1968',PODConfigID:5028723,APNum:13888066,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39432171361A 5028723                
                    Prince Harry   
                        Daily Mirror   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9316/CWH7500Z/art-print/daily-mirror-prince-harry.jpg',Imageid:9890479,ItemId:3,Width:400,Height:267,ZoneProductID:'39432131287A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Daily Mirror',ArtistId:257028,Title:'Prince Harry',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13887875,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39432131287A 5028740                
                    Wedding of Charles  Prince of Wales  and Lady Diana Spencer   
                        Staff   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9316/5CH7500Z/art-print/staff-wedding-of-charles-prince-of-wales-and-lady-diana-spencer.jpg',Imageid:9891275,ItemId:4,Width:300,Height:450,ZoneProductID:'39431925887A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Staff',ArtistId:256991,Title:'Wedding of Charles  Prince of Wales  and Lady Diana Spencer',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13887585,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431925887A 5028740                
                    Prince Charles in Hartlepool 1988   
                        Staff   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 74,99 € From 74,99 €  52,49 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9316/L2H7500Z/art-print/staff-prince-charles-in-hartlepool-1988.jpg',Imageid:9891182,ItemId:5,Width:400,Height:300,ZoneProductID:'39431872100A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Staff',ArtistId:256991,Title:'Prince Charles in Hartlepool 1988',PODConfigID:5028723,APNum:13887545,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431872100A 5028723                
                    Prince Charles  the Prince of Wales  Wearing Indian Headdress in Canada 1977   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 74,99 € From 74,99 €  52,49 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/3C97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-charles-the-prince-of-wales-wearing-indian-headdress-in-canada-1977.jpg',Imageid:9889779,ItemId:6,Width:338,Height:450,ZoneProductID:'39431478926A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Charles  the Prince of Wales  Wearing Indian Headdress in Canada 1977',PODConfigID:5028723,APNum:13886691,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431478926A 5028723                
                    Prince Charles  the Prince of Wales  Wearing Indian Headdress in Canada 1977   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/KE97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-charles-the-prince-of-wales-wearing-indian-headdress-in-canada-1977.jpg',Imageid:9889778,ItemId:7,Width:300,Height:450,ZoneProductID:'39431469431A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Charles  the Prince of Wales  Wearing Indian Headdress in Canada 1977',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13886690,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431469431A 5028740                
                    Prince Harry   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/IK97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-harry.jpg',Imageid:9889760,ItemId:8,Width:400,Height:267,ZoneProductID:'39431418954A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Harry',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13886551,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431418954A 5028740                
                    Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/YK97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-harry-leaving-hospital-as-a-newborn-1984.jpg',Imageid:9889753,ItemId:9,Width:300,Height:450,ZoneProductID:'39431418752A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13886544,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431418752A 5028740                
                    Prince Charles Chats with Punks after a Polo Match 27th May 1979   
                        Bill Kennedy   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/6C97500Z/art-print/bill-kennedy-prince-charles-chats-with-punks-after-a-polo-match-27th-may-1979.jpg',Imageid:9890086,ItemId:10,Width:400,Height:267,ZoneProductID:'39431381531A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Bill Kennedy',ArtistId:257121,Title:'Prince Charles Chats with Punks after a Polo Match 27th May 1979',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13886444,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431381531A 5028740                
                    Prince William's First Day at Eton  1995   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 74,99 € From 74,99 €  52,49 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/PM97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-williams-first-day-at-eton-1995.jpg',Imageid:9889744,ItemId:11,Width:400,Height:300,ZoneProductID:'39431341072A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Williams First Day at Eton  1995',PODConfigID:5028723,APNum:13886408,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431341072A 5028723                
                    Prince William's First Day at Eton  1995   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/9M97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-williams-first-day-at-eton-1995.jpg',Imageid:9889743,ItemId:12,Width:400,Height:267,ZoneProductID:'39431341070A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Williams First Day at Eton  1995',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13886407,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431341070A 5028740                
                    Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/LV97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-harry-leaving-hospital-as-a-newborn-1984.jpg',Imageid:9889737,ItemId:13,Width:300,Height:450,ZoneProductID:'39431341031A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13886401,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431341031A 5028740                
                    Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/GX97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-harry-leaving-hospital-as-a-newborn-1984.jpg',Imageid:9889736,ItemId:14,Width:300,Height:450,ZoneProductID:'39431304093A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13886341,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431304093A 5028740                
                    Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/DX97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-harry-leaving-hospital-as-a-newborn-1984.jpg',Imageid:9889735,ItemId:15,Width:400,Height:267,ZoneProductID:'39431304091A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13886340,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431304091A 5028740                
                    Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984   
                        Kent Gavin   Metal Print         
                    Starting from 99,99 € From 99,99 €  69,99 €      Add to Cart Frame It {ImageUrl:'http://cache2.artprintimages.com/p/MED/93/9315/MJ97500Z/art-print/kent-gavin-prince-harry-leaving-hospital-as-a-newborn-1984.jpg',Imageid:9889734,ItemId:16,Width:400,Height:267,ZoneProductID:'39431304089A',ItemPrice:'30.99',Price:'35,99 €',ArtistName:'Kent Gavin',ArtistId:257041,Title:'Prince Harry Leaving Hospital as a Newborn 1984',PODConfigID:5028740,APNum:13886339,AvailableInOtherSizes:'true',ItemDisplayTypeID:97,Source:'GalleryPage'}  39431304089A 5028740     Ship TimeShip time indicates the typical number of business days it takes for your item(s) to leave our facilities but does not include transit time from our facilities to the final destination.Orders that contain multiple items with different ship times will be shipped out based on the item with the longest ship time.Please note: Ship time is determined based on the method of payment chosen.This item cannot be framed        Add to Cart save to gallery    Frame It      Learn More     Back To Top    View Per Page  16  |  32  |  48         This segment of search results is from Artist Rising, an online community of independent artists. Artist Rising is a division of Art.com, Inc. Learn more about Artist RisingWorks By Independent Artists On  http://eu.art.com/gallery/id--b181868/prince-charles-prints.htm?ui=D05A9AB1E00D4025B7CE853999D7A471FalseFalse 












Art you love
straight to your inbox

Sign up now to get your exclusive discount.Email subscribers receive up to 40% off.
Please enter a valid email address.










Filter 



Waitrose Duchy Organic - Wikipedia





















 






Waitrose Duchy Organic

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Duchy Originals from Waitrose)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Waitrose Duchy Organic

Product type
Organic produce


Owner
Waitrose


Country
United Kingdom


Introduced
2015


Markets
Grocery


Previous owners
Duchy Originals


Tagline
Good Food, Good Farming, Good Causes


Website
Waitrose Duchy Organic


Waitrose Duchy Organic[1] (formerly Duchy Originals from Waitrose and earlier simply Duchy Originals) is a brand of organic food sold mainly in Waitrose stores in the United Kingdom, Ocado and small independent stores.[2] The brand is a partnership between Waitrose and the Duchy Originals company, a company set up by Charles, Prince of Wales in 1990 and named after the Duchy of Cornwall estates that are held in trust by the Prince of Wales.



Contents


1 History
2 The brands
3 Financial information
4 The Duchy Originals Food company
5 Herbal medicines
6 Mineral water
7 Garden tools
8 Charitable giving
9 The Duchy Future Farming programme
10 References
11 Further reading



History[edit]
The first product of the Duchy Originals brand, oaten biscuits, were grown on the Prince of Wales Highgrove House estate. During the 1990s Duchy Originals products were mostly stocked in farm shops and independent delicatessens.[3] Expansion during the 2000s saw a selected range of Duchy Originals products becoming widely available in most major UK supermarkets. However, Waitrose was the brand's largest customer and in September 2009 it was announced that Duchy Originals had agreed an exclusive deal with the supermarket. From August 2010 products were relaunched under the Duchy Originals from Waitrose brand and the then range of around 200 lines has been expanded to over 300.[1] Since then Waitrose has the exclusive licence to originate, manufacture, distribute and sell Duchy products within the UK through its stores as well as via third parties.[4] The tradition of donating royalties to charity has continued and the Prince of Wales has continued his involvement with the brand.[5][6][7] By 2013 the brand was selling in 30 countries including Australia and Japan.[3][8][9] In the summer of 2015 the brand name was changed to Waitrose Duchy Organic.[1]
The brands[edit]
The company Duchy Originals originated the Duchy Originals brand in 1990 as a premium organic food and drink brand. It also created two other brands, Duchy Selections and Duchy Collections. Duchy Selections was a range of premium free-range (but not organic) pork and fish products and mineral waters, and Duchy Collections was a range of high quality non food products. The Duchy Originals company has never sold the goods that carry the brand names, and other than the short-lived Duchy Originals Food company venture it has not manufactured them. Instead Duchy branded products have been sold and manufactured by a number of different retail companies, all of whom have paid royalties to the Duchy Originals Company.
Financial information[edit]
By the end of the 1990s the brand had an annual turnover of around £1 million.[3] This had grown to £4.86 million by 2006/7. Administrative expenses came to £3.31 million, giving an operating profit of £1.53 million.[10] The company was badly hit by the recession in 2007 and started making a loss.[3] For the financial year 2008/9, the company failed to make any profits and turnover dropped to £2.2 million, with an operating loss of £3.3 million, compared to the previous year's operating profit of £57,000.[11] Fortunes improved after the 2009 Waitrose arrangement, and by 2013 annual profits were £2.8 million.[3]
The Duchy Originals Food company[edit]
Duchy Originals' only venture into manufacturing has been the Duchy Originals Food company. This was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Duchy Originals company and it opened a factory in Launceston, Cornwall in 2006. The factory was a bakery making both sweet and savoury pastry products. The venture suffered financial problems, with the factory making a loss of £447,158 in the financial year 2006/7.[12] In 2009 the Duchy Originals company decided to sell the bakery, with one-off costs from the sale contributing towards Duchy Originals making a loss for 2009-10.[13]
Herbal medicines[edit]
In 2008 Duchy Originals partnered with the alternative medicine company Nelsons to produce a line of herbal remedies.[14] This led to controversy, in which leading UK scientists said that Duchy Originals promoted its herbal remedies with scientifically unsound claims. Edzard Ernst, the UK's first professor of complementary medicine, said Duchy Originals detox products were "outright quackery".[15] Subsequently the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ruled that healing claims were misleading and required the company to amend an advertising campaign promoting two herbal medicines.[16]
Mineral water[edit]
The Deeside Water Company produces some of its bottled mineral water, which originates from a spring on the edge of the Balmoral Castle estate,[17] for the Duchy Originals brand.[18] In 2010 Waitrose began to brand the product as Duchy Originals from Waitrose[19] and in 2016 the supermarket repackaged it as part of its Waitrose One premium range.
Garden tools[edit]
Gardening tools were produced under the Duchy Originals brand by the Lancashire company Caldwells until it went into administration in 2009.[20]
Charitable giving[edit]
The company Duchy Originals Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary company of The Prince's Charities Foundation and donates to the charity from its profits. By 2013 the brand had raised £11 million from its profits for the Prince's Charities.[3] In the same year profits from Waitrose sales gave the Prince's Charities £2.8 million[5] increasing to £3 million in 2014.[4] In Canada the proceeds from sales of Duchy Originals products are donated to the charities associated with The Prince's Charities Canada. By 2012 more than one million Canadian dollars were being raised annually in this manner.[21]
The Duchy Future Farming programme[edit]
The Duchy Future Farming programme was set up in 2013 in partnership with the Soil Association to provide advice and support to UK farmers and growers in conducting research into organic farming methods. Participants are encouraged to carry out experiments in their own fields, and over 3000 farmers had been involved in this by 2015. A research fund offering up to £25,000 is also available.[1][22]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "Waitrose Duchy Organic". www.waitrose.com. Waitrose. Retrieved 19 July 2015. Waitrose Duchy Organic is our flagship organic brand 
^ "Duchy Originals - Where to Buy". Duchy Originals. Archived from the original on 19 August 2010. Retrieved 2010-08-05. 
^ a b c d e f "Why Prince Charles's Duchy Originals takes the biscuit". The Daily Telegraph. 12 November 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2015. 
^ a b Bridge, Sarah (10 January 2015). "Duchy Originals contributes £3m to the Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation". This Is Money. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ a b English, Rebecca (3 January 2013). "Waitrose gives £2.8m to Prince's charities: Record sales of Duchy Originals fund bumper contribution". Mail Online. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ "Charities to benefit as Duchy Originals joins forces with Waitrose". Duchy Originals. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 27 February 2010. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Duchy Originals has joined forces with Waitrose". Waitrose. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 14 September 2009. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Praise for the Prince of Wales for spearheading a food revolution". The telegraph. 11 September 2013. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "21 years of Duchy Originals". princeofwales.gov.uk. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Harry Wallop (2010-02-10). "Telegraph.co.uk - Prince of Wales's Duchy Originals slumps to loss". Daily Telegraph. Retrieved 2010-08-09. 
^ "Duchy Originals Foods Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Dean Best (2010-02-11). "Just Food -UK: Duchy Originals reports loss as sales slump". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 2010-03-31. 
^ "Prince Charles' Duchy Originals food firm launches herbal remedy range". Daily Mail. UK. 16 December 2008. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 
^ Prince Charles detox 'quackery', BBC News, 10 March 2009
^ Jones, Aidan (21 March 2009). "Prince's firm told to amend ads". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ MacRae, Fiona (15 January 2009). "The spring water that really could hold back the hands of time, according to scientists". Daily Mail Online. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Royal Deeside Mineral Water". www.deesidewater.co.uk. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals from Waitrose – new range features new products from Scotland". Pagoda PR. 26 August 2010. Retrieved 15 June 2016. 
^ Levy, Geoffrey; Kay, Richard (3 August 2009). "Too expensive, unpopular, out of touch with modern Britain... and that's just Prince Charles's biscuits". Mail Online. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Products in Canada". The Prince's Charities Canada. 22 November 2012. Retrieved 22 November 2012. 
^ "Duchy Originals Future Farming Programme". www.ecologicalland.coop. Ecological Land Co-operative. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Acton, Johnny & Sandler, Nick (2006) Duchy Originals Cookbook. London: Kyle Cathie ISBN 1-85626-653-2







v
t
e


Charles, Prince of Wales



Titles



Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester
Duke of Cornwall
Duke of Rothesay
Earl of Carrick
Baron of Renfrew
Lord of the Isles
Prince and Great Steward of Scotland
more










Ancestry



House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg
Mountbatten-Windsor





Family



Diana, Princess of Wales (first wife)
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge (elder son)
Prince Harry (younger son)
Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall (second wife)
Prince George of Cambridge (grandson)
Princess Charlotte of Cambridge (granddaughter)
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (father)
Queen Elizabeth II (mother)
Princess Anne, Princess Royal (sister)
Prince Andrew, Duke of York (brother)
Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex (brother)





Extended family



Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark (paternal grandfather)
Princess Alice of Battenberg (paternal grandmother)
King George VI (maternal grandfather)
Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon (maternal grandmother)
Margarita, Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (paternal aunt)
Theodora, Margravine of Baden (paternal aunt)
Cecilie, Hereditary Grand Duchess of Hesse (paternal aunt)
Sophie, Princess George William of Hanover (paternal aunt)
Margaret, Countess of Snowdon (maternal aunt)





Life events



Investiture of the Prince of Wales
First wedding (guest list)
Second wedding





Charities and campaigns



The Prince's Trust
Mutton Renaissance Campaign
The Prince's Charities/The Prince's Charities Canada/The Prince's Charities Australia





Residences



Clarence House (official)
Highgrove House (family)
Birkhall
Llwynywermod





Awards given and created



Prince of Wales Prize for Municipal Heritage Leadership
List of environmental/social interest awards received
The Sun Military Awards





Miscellaneous



Bibliography
Black spider memos
Coronet
Duchy Home Farm
Duchy Originals from Waitrose
Dumfries House
Poundbury
The Prince's May Day Network
Prince Charles Island
Prince Charles stream tree frog
The Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation








 Commons
 Wikiquote










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Waitrose_Duchy_Organic&oldid=788691154"					
Categories: British monarchyBrand name biscuits (British style)Charles, Prince of WalesFood manufacturers of the United KingdomJohn Lewis PartnershipOrganic farming in the United KingdomOrganic foodWaitroseHidden categories: Use dmy dates from October 2013Use British English from October 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 22:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Waitrose Duchy Organic - Wikipedia





















 






Waitrose Duchy Organic

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Duchy Originals from Waitrose)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Waitrose Duchy Organic

Product type
Organic produce


Owner
Waitrose


Country
United Kingdom


Introduced
2015


Markets
Grocery


Previous owners
Duchy Originals


Tagline
Good Food, Good Farming, Good Causes


Website
Waitrose Duchy Organic


Waitrose Duchy Organic[1] (formerly Duchy Originals from Waitrose and earlier simply Duchy Originals) is a brand of organic food sold mainly in Waitrose stores in the United Kingdom, Ocado and small independent stores.[2] The brand is a partnership between Waitrose and the Duchy Originals company, a company set up by Charles, Prince of Wales in 1990 and named after the Duchy of Cornwall estates that are held in trust by the Prince of Wales.



Contents


1 History
2 The brands
3 Financial information
4 The Duchy Originals Food company
5 Herbal medicines
6 Mineral water
7 Garden tools
8 Charitable giving
9 The Duchy Future Farming programme
10 References
11 Further reading



History[edit]
The first product of the Duchy Originals brand, oaten biscuits, were grown on the Prince of Wales Highgrove House estate. During the 1990s Duchy Originals products were mostly stocked in farm shops and independent delicatessens.[3] Expansion during the 2000s saw a selected range of Duchy Originals products becoming widely available in most major UK supermarkets. However, Waitrose was the brand's largest customer and in September 2009 it was announced that Duchy Originals had agreed an exclusive deal with the supermarket. From August 2010 products were relaunched under the Duchy Originals from Waitrose brand and the then range of around 200 lines has been expanded to over 300.[1] Since then Waitrose has the exclusive licence to originate, manufacture, distribute and sell Duchy products within the UK through its stores as well as via third parties.[4] The tradition of donating royalties to charity has continued and the Prince of Wales has continued his involvement with the brand.[5][6][7] By 2013 the brand was selling in 30 countries including Australia and Japan.[3][8][9] In the summer of 2015 the brand name was changed to Waitrose Duchy Organic.[1]
The brands[edit]
The company Duchy Originals originated the Duchy Originals brand in 1990 as a premium organic food and drink brand. It also created two other brands, Duchy Selections and Duchy Collections. Duchy Selections was a range of premium free-range (but not organic) pork and fish products and mineral waters, and Duchy Collections was a range of high quality non food products. The Duchy Originals company has never sold the goods that carry the brand names, and other than the short-lived Duchy Originals Food company venture it has not manufactured them. Instead Duchy branded products have been sold and manufactured by a number of different retail companies, all of whom have paid royalties to the Duchy Originals Company.
Financial information[edit]
By the end of the 1990s the brand had an annual turnover of around £1 million.[3] This had grown to £4.86 million by 2006/7. Administrative expenses came to £3.31 million, giving an operating profit of £1.53 million.[10] The company was badly hit by the recession in 2007 and started making a loss.[3] For the financial year 2008/9, the company failed to make any profits and turnover dropped to £2.2 million, with an operating loss of £3.3 million, compared to the previous year's operating profit of £57,000.[11] Fortunes improved after the 2009 Waitrose arrangement, and by 2013 annual profits were £2.8 million.[3]
The Duchy Originals Food company[edit]
Duchy Originals' only venture into manufacturing has been the Duchy Originals Food company. This was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Duchy Originals company and it opened a factory in Launceston, Cornwall in 2006. The factory was a bakery making both sweet and savoury pastry products. The venture suffered financial problems, with the factory making a loss of £447,158 in the financial year 2006/7.[12] In 2009 the Duchy Originals company decided to sell the bakery, with one-off costs from the sale contributing towards Duchy Originals making a loss for 2009-10.[13]
Herbal medicines[edit]
In 2008 Duchy Originals partnered with the alternative medicine company Nelsons to produce a line of herbal remedies.[14] This led to controversy, in which leading UK scientists said that Duchy Originals promoted its herbal remedies with scientifically unsound claims. Edzard Ernst, the UK's first professor of complementary medicine, said Duchy Originals detox products were "outright quackery".[15] Subsequently the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ruled that healing claims were misleading and required the company to amend an advertising campaign promoting two herbal medicines.[16]
Mineral water[edit]
The Deeside Water Company produces some of its bottled mineral water, which originates from a spring on the edge of the Balmoral Castle estate,[17] for the Duchy Originals brand.[18] In 2010 Waitrose began to brand the product as Duchy Originals from Waitrose[19] and in 2016 the supermarket repackaged it as part of its Waitrose One premium range.
Garden tools[edit]
Gardening tools were produced under the Duchy Originals brand by the Lancashire company Caldwells until it went into administration in 2009.[20]
Charitable giving[edit]
The company Duchy Originals Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary company of The Prince's Charities Foundation and donates to the charity from its profits. By 2013 the brand had raised £11 million from its profits for the Prince's Charities.[3] In the same year profits from Waitrose sales gave the Prince's Charities £2.8 million[5] increasing to £3 million in 2014.[4] In Canada the proceeds from sales of Duchy Originals products are donated to the charities associated with The Prince's Charities Canada. By 2012 more than one million Canadian dollars were being raised annually in this manner.[21]
The Duchy Future Farming programme[edit]
The Duchy Future Farming programme was set up in 2013 in partnership with the Soil Association to provide advice and support to UK farmers and growers in conducting research into organic farming methods. Participants are encouraged to carry out experiments in their own fields, and over 3000 farmers had been involved in this by 2015. A research fund offering up to £25,000 is also available.[1][22]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "Waitrose Duchy Organic". www.waitrose.com. Waitrose. Retrieved 19 July 2015. Waitrose Duchy Organic is our flagship organic brand 
^ "Duchy Originals - Where to Buy". Duchy Originals. Archived from the original on 19 August 2010. Retrieved 2010-08-05. 
^ a b c d e f "Why Prince Charles's Duchy Originals takes the biscuit". The Daily Telegraph. 12 November 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2015. 
^ a b Bridge, Sarah (10 January 2015). "Duchy Originals contributes £3m to the Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation". This Is Money. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ a b English, Rebecca (3 January 2013). "Waitrose gives £2.8m to Prince's charities: Record sales of Duchy Originals fund bumper contribution". Mail Online. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ "Charities to benefit as Duchy Originals joins forces with Waitrose". Duchy Originals. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 27 February 2010. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Duchy Originals has joined forces with Waitrose". Waitrose. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 14 September 2009. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Praise for the Prince of Wales for spearheading a food revolution". The telegraph. 11 September 2013. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "21 years of Duchy Originals". princeofwales.gov.uk. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Harry Wallop (2010-02-10). "Telegraph.co.uk - Prince of Wales's Duchy Originals slumps to loss". Daily Telegraph. Retrieved 2010-08-09. 
^ "Duchy Originals Foods Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Dean Best (2010-02-11). "Just Food -UK: Duchy Originals reports loss as sales slump". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 2010-03-31. 
^ "Prince Charles' Duchy Originals food firm launches herbal remedy range". Daily Mail. UK. 16 December 2008. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 
^ Prince Charles detox 'quackery', BBC News, 10 March 2009
^ Jones, Aidan (21 March 2009). "Prince's firm told to amend ads". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ MacRae, Fiona (15 January 2009). "The spring water that really could hold back the hands of time, according to scientists". Daily Mail Online. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Royal Deeside Mineral Water". www.deesidewater.co.uk. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals from Waitrose – new range features new products from Scotland". Pagoda PR. 26 August 2010. Retrieved 15 June 2016. 
^ Levy, Geoffrey; Kay, Richard (3 August 2009). "Too expensive, unpopular, out of touch with modern Britain... and that's just Prince Charles's biscuits". Mail Online. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Products in Canada". The Prince's Charities Canada. 22 November 2012. Retrieved 22 November 2012. 
^ "Duchy Originals Future Farming Programme". www.ecologicalland.coop. Ecological Land Co-operative. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Acton, Johnny & Sandler, Nick (2006) Duchy Originals Cookbook. London: Kyle Cathie ISBN 1-85626-653-2







v
t
e


Charles, Prince of Wales



Titles



Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester
Duke of Cornwall
Duke of Rothesay
Earl of Carrick
Baron of Renfrew
Lord of the Isles
Prince and Great Steward of Scotland
more










Ancestry



House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg
Mountbatten-Windsor





Family



Diana, Princess of Wales (first wife)
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge (elder son)
Prince Harry (younger son)
Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall (second wife)
Prince George of Cambridge (grandson)
Princess Charlotte of Cambridge (granddaughter)
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (father)
Queen Elizabeth II (mother)
Princess Anne, Princess Royal (sister)
Prince Andrew, Duke of York (brother)
Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex (brother)





Extended family



Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark (paternal grandfather)
Princess Alice of Battenberg (paternal grandmother)
King George VI (maternal grandfather)
Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon (maternal grandmother)
Margarita, Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (paternal aunt)
Theodora, Margravine of Baden (paternal aunt)
Cecilie, Hereditary Grand Duchess of Hesse (paternal aunt)
Sophie, Princess George William of Hanover (paternal aunt)
Margaret, Countess of Snowdon (maternal aunt)





Life events



Investiture of the Prince of Wales
First wedding (guest list)
Second wedding





Charities and campaigns



The Prince's Trust
Mutton Renaissance Campaign
The Prince's Charities/The Prince's Charities Canada/The Prince's Charities Australia





Residences



Clarence House (official)
Highgrove House (family)
Birkhall
Llwynywermod





Awards given and created



Prince of Wales Prize for Municipal Heritage Leadership
List of environmental/social interest awards received
The Sun Military Awards





Miscellaneous



Bibliography
Black spider memos
Coronet
Duchy Home Farm
Duchy Originals from Waitrose
Dumfries House
Poundbury
The Prince's May Day Network
Prince Charles Island
Prince Charles stream tree frog
The Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation








 Commons
 Wikiquote










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Waitrose_Duchy_Organic&oldid=788691154"					
Categories: British monarchyBrand name biscuits (British style)Charles, Prince of WalesFood manufacturers of the United KingdomJohn Lewis PartnershipOrganic farming in the United KingdomOrganic foodWaitroseHidden categories: Use dmy dates from October 2013Use British English from October 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 22:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Waitrose Duchy Organic - Wikipedia





















 






Waitrose Duchy Organic

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Duchy Originals from Waitrose)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Waitrose Duchy Organic

Product type
Organic produce


Owner
Waitrose


Country
United Kingdom


Introduced
2015


Markets
Grocery


Previous owners
Duchy Originals


Tagline
Good Food, Good Farming, Good Causes


Website
Waitrose Duchy Organic


Waitrose Duchy Organic[1] (formerly Duchy Originals from Waitrose and earlier simply Duchy Originals) is a brand of organic food sold mainly in Waitrose stores in the United Kingdom, Ocado and small independent stores.[2] The brand is a partnership between Waitrose and the Duchy Originals company, a company set up by Charles, Prince of Wales in 1990 and named after the Duchy of Cornwall estates that are held in trust by the Prince of Wales.



Contents


1 History
2 The brands
3 Financial information
4 The Duchy Originals Food company
5 Herbal medicines
6 Mineral water
7 Garden tools
8 Charitable giving
9 The Duchy Future Farming programme
10 References
11 Further reading



History[edit]
The first product of the Duchy Originals brand, oaten biscuits, were grown on the Prince of Wales Highgrove House estate. During the 1990s Duchy Originals products were mostly stocked in farm shops and independent delicatessens.[3] Expansion during the 2000s saw a selected range of Duchy Originals products becoming widely available in most major UK supermarkets. However, Waitrose was the brand's largest customer and in September 2009 it was announced that Duchy Originals had agreed an exclusive deal with the supermarket. From August 2010 products were relaunched under the Duchy Originals from Waitrose brand and the then range of around 200 lines has been expanded to over 300.[1] Since then Waitrose has the exclusive licence to originate, manufacture, distribute and sell Duchy products within the UK through its stores as well as via third parties.[4] The tradition of donating royalties to charity has continued and the Prince of Wales has continued his involvement with the brand.[5][6][7] By 2013 the brand was selling in 30 countries including Australia and Japan.[3][8][9] In the summer of 2015 the brand name was changed to Waitrose Duchy Organic.[1]
The brands[edit]
The company Duchy Originals originated the Duchy Originals brand in 1990 as a premium organic food and drink brand. It also created two other brands, Duchy Selections and Duchy Collections. Duchy Selections was a range of premium free-range (but not organic) pork and fish products and mineral waters, and Duchy Collections was a range of high quality non food products. The Duchy Originals company has never sold the goods that carry the brand names, and other than the short-lived Duchy Originals Food company venture it has not manufactured them. Instead Duchy branded products have been sold and manufactured by a number of different retail companies, all of whom have paid royalties to the Duchy Originals Company.
Financial information[edit]
By the end of the 1990s the brand had an annual turnover of around £1 million.[3] This had grown to £4.86 million by 2006/7. Administrative expenses came to £3.31 million, giving an operating profit of £1.53 million.[10] The company was badly hit by the recession in 2007 and started making a loss.[3] For the financial year 2008/9, the company failed to make any profits and turnover dropped to £2.2 million, with an operating loss of £3.3 million, compared to the previous year's operating profit of £57,000.[11] Fortunes improved after the 2009 Waitrose arrangement, and by 2013 annual profits were £2.8 million.[3]
The Duchy Originals Food company[edit]
Duchy Originals' only venture into manufacturing has been the Duchy Originals Food company. This was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Duchy Originals company and it opened a factory in Launceston, Cornwall in 2006. The factory was a bakery making both sweet and savoury pastry products. The venture suffered financial problems, with the factory making a loss of £447,158 in the financial year 2006/7.[12] In 2009 the Duchy Originals company decided to sell the bakery, with one-off costs from the sale contributing towards Duchy Originals making a loss for 2009-10.[13]
Herbal medicines[edit]
In 2008 Duchy Originals partnered with the alternative medicine company Nelsons to produce a line of herbal remedies.[14] This led to controversy, in which leading UK scientists said that Duchy Originals promoted its herbal remedies with scientifically unsound claims. Edzard Ernst, the UK's first professor of complementary medicine, said Duchy Originals detox products were "outright quackery".[15] Subsequently the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ruled that healing claims were misleading and required the company to amend an advertising campaign promoting two herbal medicines.[16]
Mineral water[edit]
The Deeside Water Company produces some of its bottled mineral water, which originates from a spring on the edge of the Balmoral Castle estate,[17] for the Duchy Originals brand.[18] In 2010 Waitrose began to brand the product as Duchy Originals from Waitrose[19] and in 2016 the supermarket repackaged it as part of its Waitrose One premium range.
Garden tools[edit]
Gardening tools were produced under the Duchy Originals brand by the Lancashire company Caldwells until it went into administration in 2009.[20]
Charitable giving[edit]
The company Duchy Originals Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary company of The Prince's Charities Foundation and donates to the charity from its profits. By 2013 the brand had raised £11 million from its profits for the Prince's Charities.[3] In the same year profits from Waitrose sales gave the Prince's Charities £2.8 million[5] increasing to £3 million in 2014.[4] In Canada the proceeds from sales of Duchy Originals products are donated to the charities associated with The Prince's Charities Canada. By 2012 more than one million Canadian dollars were being raised annually in this manner.[21]
The Duchy Future Farming programme[edit]
The Duchy Future Farming programme was set up in 2013 in partnership with the Soil Association to provide advice and support to UK farmers and growers in conducting research into organic farming methods. Participants are encouraged to carry out experiments in their own fields, and over 3000 farmers had been involved in this by 2015. A research fund offering up to £25,000 is also available.[1][22]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "Waitrose Duchy Organic". www.waitrose.com. Waitrose. Retrieved 19 July 2015. Waitrose Duchy Organic is our flagship organic brand 
^ "Duchy Originals - Where to Buy". Duchy Originals. Archived from the original on 19 August 2010. Retrieved 2010-08-05. 
^ a b c d e f "Why Prince Charles's Duchy Originals takes the biscuit". The Daily Telegraph. 12 November 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2015. 
^ a b Bridge, Sarah (10 January 2015). "Duchy Originals contributes £3m to the Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation". This Is Money. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ a b English, Rebecca (3 January 2013). "Waitrose gives £2.8m to Prince's charities: Record sales of Duchy Originals fund bumper contribution". Mail Online. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ "Charities to benefit as Duchy Originals joins forces with Waitrose". Duchy Originals. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 27 February 2010. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Duchy Originals has joined forces with Waitrose". Waitrose. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 14 September 2009. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Praise for the Prince of Wales for spearheading a food revolution". The telegraph. 11 September 2013. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "21 years of Duchy Originals". princeofwales.gov.uk. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Harry Wallop (2010-02-10). "Telegraph.co.uk - Prince of Wales's Duchy Originals slumps to loss". Daily Telegraph. Retrieved 2010-08-09. 
^ "Duchy Originals Foods Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Dean Best (2010-02-11). "Just Food -UK: Duchy Originals reports loss as sales slump". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 2010-03-31. 
^ "Prince Charles' Duchy Originals food firm launches herbal remedy range". Daily Mail. UK. 16 December 2008. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 
^ Prince Charles detox 'quackery', BBC News, 10 March 2009
^ Jones, Aidan (21 March 2009). "Prince's firm told to amend ads". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ MacRae, Fiona (15 January 2009). "The spring water that really could hold back the hands of time, according to scientists". Daily Mail Online. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Royal Deeside Mineral Water". www.deesidewater.co.uk. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals from Waitrose – new range features new products from Scotland". Pagoda PR. 26 August 2010. Retrieved 15 June 2016. 
^ Levy, Geoffrey; Kay, Richard (3 August 2009). "Too expensive, unpopular, out of touch with modern Britain... and that's just Prince Charles's biscuits". Mail Online. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Products in Canada". The Prince's Charities Canada. 22 November 2012. Retrieved 22 November 2012. 
^ "Duchy Originals Future Farming Programme". www.ecologicalland.coop. Ecological Land Co-operative. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Acton, Johnny & Sandler, Nick (2006) Duchy Originals Cookbook. London: Kyle Cathie ISBN 1-85626-653-2







v
t
e


Charles, Prince of Wales



Titles



Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester
Duke of Cornwall
Duke of Rothesay
Earl of Carrick
Baron of Renfrew
Lord of the Isles
Prince and Great Steward of Scotland
more










Ancestry



House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg
Mountbatten-Windsor





Family



Diana, Princess of Wales (first wife)
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge (elder son)
Prince Harry (younger son)
Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall (second wife)
Prince George of Cambridge (grandson)
Princess Charlotte of Cambridge (granddaughter)
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (father)
Queen Elizabeth II (mother)
Princess Anne, Princess Royal (sister)
Prince Andrew, Duke of York (brother)
Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex (brother)





Extended family



Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark (paternal grandfather)
Princess Alice of Battenberg (paternal grandmother)
King George VI (maternal grandfather)
Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon (maternal grandmother)
Margarita, Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (paternal aunt)
Theodora, Margravine of Baden (paternal aunt)
Cecilie, Hereditary Grand Duchess of Hesse (paternal aunt)
Sophie, Princess George William of Hanover (paternal aunt)
Margaret, Countess of Snowdon (maternal aunt)





Life events



Investiture of the Prince of Wales
First wedding (guest list)
Second wedding





Charities and campaigns



The Prince's Trust
Mutton Renaissance Campaign
The Prince's Charities/The Prince's Charities Canada/The Prince's Charities Australia





Residences



Clarence House (official)
Highgrove House (family)
Birkhall
Llwynywermod





Awards given and created



Prince of Wales Prize for Municipal Heritage Leadership
List of environmental/social interest awards received
The Sun Military Awards





Miscellaneous



Bibliography
Black spider memos
Coronet
Duchy Home Farm
Duchy Originals from Waitrose
Dumfries House
Poundbury
The Prince's May Day Network
Prince Charles Island
Prince Charles stream tree frog
The Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation








 Commons
 Wikiquote










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Waitrose_Duchy_Organic&oldid=788691154"					
Categories: British monarchyBrand name biscuits (British style)Charles, Prince of WalesFood manufacturers of the United KingdomJohn Lewis PartnershipOrganic farming in the United KingdomOrganic foodWaitroseHidden categories: Use dmy dates from October 2013Use British English from October 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 22:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Waitrose Duchy Organic - Wikipedia





















 






Waitrose Duchy Organic

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Duchy Originals from Waitrose)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Waitrose Duchy Organic

Product type
Organic produce


Owner
Waitrose


Country
United Kingdom


Introduced
2015


Markets
Grocery


Previous owners
Duchy Originals


Tagline
Good Food, Good Farming, Good Causes


Website
Waitrose Duchy Organic


Waitrose Duchy Organic[1] (formerly Duchy Originals from Waitrose and earlier simply Duchy Originals) is a brand of organic food sold mainly in Waitrose stores in the United Kingdom, Ocado and small independent stores.[2] The brand is a partnership between Waitrose and the Duchy Originals company, a company set up by Charles, Prince of Wales in 1990 and named after the Duchy of Cornwall estates that are held in trust by the Prince of Wales.



Contents


1 History
2 The brands
3 Financial information
4 The Duchy Originals Food company
5 Herbal medicines
6 Mineral water
7 Garden tools
8 Charitable giving
9 The Duchy Future Farming programme
10 References
11 Further reading



History[edit]
The first product of the Duchy Originals brand, oaten biscuits, were grown on the Prince of Wales Highgrove House estate. During the 1990s Duchy Originals products were mostly stocked in farm shops and independent delicatessens.[3] Expansion during the 2000s saw a selected range of Duchy Originals products becoming widely available in most major UK supermarkets. However, Waitrose was the brand's largest customer and in September 2009 it was announced that Duchy Originals had agreed an exclusive deal with the supermarket. From August 2010 products were relaunched under the Duchy Originals from Waitrose brand and the then range of around 200 lines has been expanded to over 300.[1] Since then Waitrose has the exclusive licence to originate, manufacture, distribute and sell Duchy products within the UK through its stores as well as via third parties.[4] The tradition of donating royalties to charity has continued and the Prince of Wales has continued his involvement with the brand.[5][6][7] By 2013 the brand was selling in 30 countries including Australia and Japan.[3][8][9] In the summer of 2015 the brand name was changed to Waitrose Duchy Organic.[1]
The brands[edit]
The company Duchy Originals originated the Duchy Originals brand in 1990 as a premium organic food and drink brand. It also created two other brands, Duchy Selections and Duchy Collections. Duchy Selections was a range of premium free-range (but not organic) pork and fish products and mineral waters, and Duchy Collections was a range of high quality non food products. The Duchy Originals company has never sold the goods that carry the brand names, and other than the short-lived Duchy Originals Food company venture it has not manufactured them. Instead Duchy branded products have been sold and manufactured by a number of different retail companies, all of whom have paid royalties to the Duchy Originals Company.
Financial information[edit]
By the end of the 1990s the brand had an annual turnover of around £1 million.[3] This had grown to £4.86 million by 2006/7. Administrative expenses came to £3.31 million, giving an operating profit of £1.53 million.[10] The company was badly hit by the recession in 2007 and started making a loss.[3] For the financial year 2008/9, the company failed to make any profits and turnover dropped to £2.2 million, with an operating loss of £3.3 million, compared to the previous year's operating profit of £57,000.[11] Fortunes improved after the 2009 Waitrose arrangement, and by 2013 annual profits were £2.8 million.[3]
The Duchy Originals Food company[edit]
Duchy Originals' only venture into manufacturing has been the Duchy Originals Food company. This was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Duchy Originals company and it opened a factory in Launceston, Cornwall in 2006. The factory was a bakery making both sweet and savoury pastry products. The venture suffered financial problems, with the factory making a loss of £447,158 in the financial year 2006/7.[12] In 2009 the Duchy Originals company decided to sell the bakery, with one-off costs from the sale contributing towards Duchy Originals making a loss for 2009-10.[13]
Herbal medicines[edit]
In 2008 Duchy Originals partnered with the alternative medicine company Nelsons to produce a line of herbal remedies.[14] This led to controversy, in which leading UK scientists said that Duchy Originals promoted its herbal remedies with scientifically unsound claims. Edzard Ernst, the UK's first professor of complementary medicine, said Duchy Originals detox products were "outright quackery".[15] Subsequently the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ruled that healing claims were misleading and required the company to amend an advertising campaign promoting two herbal medicines.[16]
Mineral water[edit]
The Deeside Water Company produces some of its bottled mineral water, which originates from a spring on the edge of the Balmoral Castle estate,[17] for the Duchy Originals brand.[18] In 2010 Waitrose began to brand the product as Duchy Originals from Waitrose[19] and in 2016 the supermarket repackaged it as part of its Waitrose One premium range.
Garden tools[edit]
Gardening tools were produced under the Duchy Originals brand by the Lancashire company Caldwells until it went into administration in 2009.[20]
Charitable giving[edit]
The company Duchy Originals Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary company of The Prince's Charities Foundation and donates to the charity from its profits. By 2013 the brand had raised £11 million from its profits for the Prince's Charities.[3] In the same year profits from Waitrose sales gave the Prince's Charities £2.8 million[5] increasing to £3 million in 2014.[4] In Canada the proceeds from sales of Duchy Originals products are donated to the charities associated with The Prince's Charities Canada. By 2012 more than one million Canadian dollars were being raised annually in this manner.[21]
The Duchy Future Farming programme[edit]
The Duchy Future Farming programme was set up in 2013 in partnership with the Soil Association to provide advice and support to UK farmers and growers in conducting research into organic farming methods. Participants are encouraged to carry out experiments in their own fields, and over 3000 farmers had been involved in this by 2015. A research fund offering up to £25,000 is also available.[1][22]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "Waitrose Duchy Organic". www.waitrose.com. Waitrose. Retrieved 19 July 2015. Waitrose Duchy Organic is our flagship organic brand 
^ "Duchy Originals - Where to Buy". Duchy Originals. Archived from the original on 19 August 2010. Retrieved 2010-08-05. 
^ a b c d e f "Why Prince Charles's Duchy Originals takes the biscuit". The Daily Telegraph. 12 November 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2015. 
^ a b Bridge, Sarah (10 January 2015). "Duchy Originals contributes £3m to the Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation". This Is Money. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ a b English, Rebecca (3 January 2013). "Waitrose gives £2.8m to Prince's charities: Record sales of Duchy Originals fund bumper contribution". Mail Online. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ "Charities to benefit as Duchy Originals joins forces with Waitrose". Duchy Originals. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 27 February 2010. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Duchy Originals has joined forces with Waitrose". Waitrose. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 14 September 2009. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Praise for the Prince of Wales for spearheading a food revolution". The telegraph. 11 September 2013. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "21 years of Duchy Originals". princeofwales.gov.uk. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Harry Wallop (2010-02-10). "Telegraph.co.uk - Prince of Wales's Duchy Originals slumps to loss". Daily Telegraph. Retrieved 2010-08-09. 
^ "Duchy Originals Foods Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Dean Best (2010-02-11). "Just Food -UK: Duchy Originals reports loss as sales slump". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 2010-03-31. 
^ "Prince Charles' Duchy Originals food firm launches herbal remedy range". Daily Mail. UK. 16 December 2008. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 
^ Prince Charles detox 'quackery', BBC News, 10 March 2009
^ Jones, Aidan (21 March 2009). "Prince's firm told to amend ads". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ MacRae, Fiona (15 January 2009). "The spring water that really could hold back the hands of time, according to scientists". Daily Mail Online. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Royal Deeside Mineral Water". www.deesidewater.co.uk. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals from Waitrose – new range features new products from Scotland". Pagoda PR. 26 August 2010. Retrieved 15 June 2016. 
^ Levy, Geoffrey; Kay, Richard (3 August 2009). "Too expensive, unpopular, out of touch with modern Britain... and that's just Prince Charles's biscuits". Mail Online. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Products in Canada". The Prince's Charities Canada. 22 November 2012. Retrieved 22 November 2012. 
^ "Duchy Originals Future Farming Programme". www.ecologicalland.coop. Ecological Land Co-operative. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Acton, Johnny & Sandler, Nick (2006) Duchy Originals Cookbook. London: Kyle Cathie ISBN 1-85626-653-2







v
t
e


Charles, Prince of Wales



Titles



Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester
Duke of Cornwall
Duke of Rothesay
Earl of Carrick
Baron of Renfrew
Lord of the Isles
Prince and Great Steward of Scotland
more










Ancestry



House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg
Mountbatten-Windsor





Family



Diana, Princess of Wales (first wife)
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge (elder son)
Prince Harry (younger son)
Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall (second wife)
Prince George of Cambridge (grandson)
Princess Charlotte of Cambridge (granddaughter)
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (father)
Queen Elizabeth II (mother)
Princess Anne, Princess Royal (sister)
Prince Andrew, Duke of York (brother)
Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex (brother)





Extended family



Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark (paternal grandfather)
Princess Alice of Battenberg (paternal grandmother)
King George VI (maternal grandfather)
Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon (maternal grandmother)
Margarita, Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (paternal aunt)
Theodora, Margravine of Baden (paternal aunt)
Cecilie, Hereditary Grand Duchess of Hesse (paternal aunt)
Sophie, Princess George William of Hanover (paternal aunt)
Margaret, Countess of Snowdon (maternal aunt)





Life events



Investiture of the Prince of Wales
First wedding (guest list)
Second wedding





Charities and campaigns



The Prince's Trust
Mutton Renaissance Campaign
The Prince's Charities/The Prince's Charities Canada/The Prince's Charities Australia





Residences



Clarence House (official)
Highgrove House (family)
Birkhall
Llwynywermod





Awards given and created



Prince of Wales Prize for Municipal Heritage Leadership
List of environmental/social interest awards received
The Sun Military Awards





Miscellaneous



Bibliography
Black spider memos
Coronet
Duchy Home Farm
Duchy Originals from Waitrose
Dumfries House
Poundbury
The Prince's May Day Network
Prince Charles Island
Prince Charles stream tree frog
The Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation








 Commons
 Wikiquote










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Waitrose_Duchy_Organic&oldid=788691154"					
Categories: British monarchyBrand name biscuits (British style)Charles, Prince of WalesFood manufacturers of the United KingdomJohn Lewis PartnershipOrganic farming in the United KingdomOrganic foodWaitroseHidden categories: Use dmy dates from October 2013Use British English from October 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 22:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Waitrose Duchy Organic - Wikipedia





















 






Waitrose Duchy Organic

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Duchy Originals from Waitrose)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Waitrose Duchy Organic

Product type
Organic produce


Owner
Waitrose


Country
United Kingdom


Introduced
2015


Markets
Grocery


Previous owners
Duchy Originals


Tagline
Good Food, Good Farming, Good Causes


Website
Waitrose Duchy Organic


Waitrose Duchy Organic[1] (formerly Duchy Originals from Waitrose and earlier simply Duchy Originals) is a brand of organic food sold mainly in Waitrose stores in the United Kingdom, Ocado and small independent stores.[2] The brand is a partnership between Waitrose and the Duchy Originals company, a company set up by Charles, Prince of Wales in 1990 and named after the Duchy of Cornwall estates that are held in trust by the Prince of Wales.



Contents


1 History
2 The brands
3 Financial information
4 The Duchy Originals Food company
5 Herbal medicines
6 Mineral water
7 Garden tools
8 Charitable giving
9 The Duchy Future Farming programme
10 References
11 Further reading



History[edit]
The first product of the Duchy Originals brand, oaten biscuits, were grown on the Prince of Wales Highgrove House estate. During the 1990s Duchy Originals products were mostly stocked in farm shops and independent delicatessens.[3] Expansion during the 2000s saw a selected range of Duchy Originals products becoming widely available in most major UK supermarkets. However, Waitrose was the brand's largest customer and in September 2009 it was announced that Duchy Originals had agreed an exclusive deal with the supermarket. From August 2010 products were relaunched under the Duchy Originals from Waitrose brand and the then range of around 200 lines has been expanded to over 300.[1] Since then Waitrose has the exclusive licence to originate, manufacture, distribute and sell Duchy products within the UK through its stores as well as via third parties.[4] The tradition of donating royalties to charity has continued and the Prince of Wales has continued his involvement with the brand.[5][6][7] By 2013 the brand was selling in 30 countries including Australia and Japan.[3][8][9] In the summer of 2015 the brand name was changed to Waitrose Duchy Organic.[1]
The brands[edit]
The company Duchy Originals originated the Duchy Originals brand in 1990 as a premium organic food and drink brand. It also created two other brands, Duchy Selections and Duchy Collections. Duchy Selections was a range of premium free-range (but not organic) pork and fish products and mineral waters, and Duchy Collections was a range of high quality non food products. The Duchy Originals company has never sold the goods that carry the brand names, and other than the short-lived Duchy Originals Food company venture it has not manufactured them. Instead Duchy branded products have been sold and manufactured by a number of different retail companies, all of whom have paid royalties to the Duchy Originals Company.
Financial information[edit]
By the end of the 1990s the brand had an annual turnover of around £1 million.[3] This had grown to £4.86 million by 2006/7. Administrative expenses came to £3.31 million, giving an operating profit of £1.53 million.[10] The company was badly hit by the recession in 2007 and started making a loss.[3] For the financial year 2008/9, the company failed to make any profits and turnover dropped to £2.2 million, with an operating loss of £3.3 million, compared to the previous year's operating profit of £57,000.[11] Fortunes improved after the 2009 Waitrose arrangement, and by 2013 annual profits were £2.8 million.[3]
The Duchy Originals Food company[edit]
Duchy Originals' only venture into manufacturing has been the Duchy Originals Food company. This was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Duchy Originals company and it opened a factory in Launceston, Cornwall in 2006. The factory was a bakery making both sweet and savoury pastry products. The venture suffered financial problems, with the factory making a loss of £447,158 in the financial year 2006/7.[12] In 2009 the Duchy Originals company decided to sell the bakery, with one-off costs from the sale contributing towards Duchy Originals making a loss for 2009-10.[13]
Herbal medicines[edit]
In 2008 Duchy Originals partnered with the alternative medicine company Nelsons to produce a line of herbal remedies.[14] This led to controversy, in which leading UK scientists said that Duchy Originals promoted its herbal remedies with scientifically unsound claims. Edzard Ernst, the UK's first professor of complementary medicine, said Duchy Originals detox products were "outright quackery".[15] Subsequently the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ruled that healing claims were misleading and required the company to amend an advertising campaign promoting two herbal medicines.[16]
Mineral water[edit]
The Deeside Water Company produces some of its bottled mineral water, which originates from a spring on the edge of the Balmoral Castle estate,[17] for the Duchy Originals brand.[18] In 2010 Waitrose began to brand the product as Duchy Originals from Waitrose[19] and in 2016 the supermarket repackaged it as part of its Waitrose One premium range.
Garden tools[edit]
Gardening tools were produced under the Duchy Originals brand by the Lancashire company Caldwells until it went into administration in 2009.[20]
Charitable giving[edit]
The company Duchy Originals Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary company of The Prince's Charities Foundation and donates to the charity from its profits. By 2013 the brand had raised £11 million from its profits for the Prince's Charities.[3] In the same year profits from Waitrose sales gave the Prince's Charities £2.8 million[5] increasing to £3 million in 2014.[4] In Canada the proceeds from sales of Duchy Originals products are donated to the charities associated with The Prince's Charities Canada. By 2012 more than one million Canadian dollars were being raised annually in this manner.[21]
The Duchy Future Farming programme[edit]
The Duchy Future Farming programme was set up in 2013 in partnership with the Soil Association to provide advice and support to UK farmers and growers in conducting research into organic farming methods. Participants are encouraged to carry out experiments in their own fields, and over 3000 farmers had been involved in this by 2015. A research fund offering up to £25,000 is also available.[1][22]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "Waitrose Duchy Organic". www.waitrose.com. Waitrose. Retrieved 19 July 2015. Waitrose Duchy Organic is our flagship organic brand 
^ "Duchy Originals - Where to Buy". Duchy Originals. Archived from the original on 19 August 2010. Retrieved 2010-08-05. 
^ a b c d e f "Why Prince Charles's Duchy Originals takes the biscuit". The Daily Telegraph. 12 November 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2015. 
^ a b Bridge, Sarah (10 January 2015). "Duchy Originals contributes £3m to the Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation". This Is Money. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ a b English, Rebecca (3 January 2013). "Waitrose gives £2.8m to Prince's charities: Record sales of Duchy Originals fund bumper contribution". Mail Online. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ "Charities to benefit as Duchy Originals joins forces with Waitrose". Duchy Originals. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 27 February 2010. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Duchy Originals has joined forces with Waitrose". Waitrose. 2009-09-09. Archived from the original on 14 September 2009. Retrieved 2010-03-23. 
^ "Praise for the Prince of Wales for spearheading a food revolution". The telegraph. 11 September 2013. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "21 years of Duchy Originals". princeofwales.gov.uk. Retrieved 23 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Harry Wallop (2010-02-10). "Telegraph.co.uk - Prince of Wales's Duchy Originals slumps to loss". Daily Telegraph. Retrieved 2010-08-09. 
^ "Duchy Originals Foods Ltd Accounts 2006/7.". Archived from the original on 29 June 2008. 
^ Dean Best (2010-02-11). "Just Food -UK: Duchy Originals reports loss as sales slump". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 2010-03-31. 
^ "Prince Charles' Duchy Originals food firm launches herbal remedy range". Daily Mail. UK. 16 December 2008. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 
^ Prince Charles detox 'quackery', BBC News, 10 March 2009
^ Jones, Aidan (21 March 2009). "Prince's firm told to amend ads". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 July 2015. 
^ MacRae, Fiona (15 January 2009). "The spring water that really could hold back the hands of time, according to scientists". Daily Mail Online. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Royal Deeside Mineral Water". www.deesidewater.co.uk. Retrieved 23 November 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals from Waitrose – new range features new products from Scotland". Pagoda PR. 26 August 2010. Retrieved 15 June 2016. 
^ Levy, Geoffrey; Kay, Richard (3 August 2009). "Too expensive, unpopular, out of touch with modern Britain... and that's just Prince Charles's biscuits". Mail Online. UK. Retrieved 19 July 2015. 
^ "Duchy Originals Products in Canada". The Prince's Charities Canada. 22 November 2012. Retrieved 22 November 2012. 
^ "Duchy Originals Future Farming Programme". www.ecologicalland.coop. Ecological Land Co-operative. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

Acton, Johnny & Sandler, Nick (2006) Duchy Originals Cookbook. London: Kyle Cathie ISBN 1-85626-653-2







v
t
e


Charles, Prince of Wales



Titles



Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester
Duke of Cornwall
Duke of Rothesay
Earl of Carrick
Baron of Renfrew
Lord of the Isles
Prince and Great Steward of Scotland
more










Ancestry



House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg
Mountbatten-Windsor





Family



Diana, Princess of Wales (first wife)
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge (elder son)
Prince Harry (younger son)
Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall (second wife)
Prince George of Cambridge (grandson)
Princess Charlotte of Cambridge (granddaughter)
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (father)
Queen Elizabeth II (mother)
Princess Anne, Princess Royal (sister)
Prince Andrew, Duke of York (brother)
Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex (brother)





Extended family



Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark (paternal grandfather)
Princess Alice of Battenberg (paternal grandmother)
King George VI (maternal grandfather)
Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon (maternal grandmother)
Margarita, Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (paternal aunt)
Theodora, Margravine of Baden (paternal aunt)
Cecilie, Hereditary Grand Duchess of Hesse (paternal aunt)
Sophie, Princess George William of Hanover (paternal aunt)
Margaret, Countess of Snowdon (maternal aunt)





Life events



Investiture of the Prince of Wales
First wedding (guest list)
Second wedding





Charities and campaigns



The Prince's Trust
Mutton Renaissance Campaign
The Prince's Charities/The Prince's Charities Canada/The Prince's Charities Australia





Residences



Clarence House (official)
Highgrove House (family)
Birkhall
Llwynywermod





Awards given and created



Prince of Wales Prize for Municipal Heritage Leadership
List of environmental/social interest awards received
The Sun Military Awards





Miscellaneous



Bibliography
Black spider memos
Coronet
Duchy Home Farm
Duchy Originals from Waitrose
Dumfries House
Poundbury
The Prince's May Day Network
Prince Charles Island
Prince Charles stream tree frog
The Prince of Wales's Charitable Foundation








 Commons
 Wikiquote










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Waitrose_Duchy_Organic&oldid=788691154"					
Categories: British monarchyBrand name biscuits (British style)Charles, Prince of WalesFood manufacturers of the United KingdomJohn Lewis PartnershipOrganic farming in the United KingdomOrganic foodWaitroseHidden categories: Use dmy dates from October 2013Use British English from October 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 22:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Prince Charles says buy British food but Duchy Organic sells product from abroad | Daily Mail Online




























































































































































































 



 Home



 U.K.


 
 

News



 Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


News


World News


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


Wires



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback









 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










Dramatic moment hero Starbucks customer, 58, thwarts robber half his age armed with a knife and hospitalizes the crook





Boy, five, who went viral after receiving a heart transplant, dies just one month after he was finally released from the hospital





'I've got complete power to pardon': Trump defends Don Jr. and undermines embattled Jeff Sessions in raging Twitter rant against Russia probe





John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at California hotel'





Top general says Russians could force US out of Syria, as Congress strikes deal to slap them with new sanctions





Cops rescue underage girl from locked-up New York City bar after she passed out in the bathroom





How this magical monkey selfie ruined my life: Wildlife photographer says image published 50 million times cost him his life savings and marked the end of his award-winning career





Hunt is on for wild monkey in Texas after it jumped into a truck and 'attacked' a teenage girl





German girl, 16, found in Mosul who became ISIS bride and 'admitted killing soldiers' may face trial in Iraq 





'It's absolutely sickening': Justine Damond's family outraged over claims she may have been on drugs when rogue cop shot her dead





Chaos in Minneapolis: Angry protesters shut down mayor's press conference as police chief RESIGNS over death of bride-to-be Justine Damond at hands of 'startled' cop





Iran reveals production line of new missile it says can shoot down stealth fighter jets 75 miles away 





EXCLUSIVE - Spicey breaks cover: Former Press Secretary is spotted getting some early morning air with his rescue dog near his home one day after shock resignation from the White House





Trump speaks at the commissioning of $12.9 billion warship which he calls 'the newest, largest and most advanced aircraft carrier in the history of this world' to round up Made in America week





Steve Bannon has 'largely disappeared' from Trump's inner circle for 'self preservation', report claims





Donald Trump Jr and Paul Manafort cut a deal to talk to Senate panel in private and avoid a public hearing next week





'These end-of-life choices are never easy': John McCain rival urges the senator to step down after 'grim' brain cancer diagnosis





The new face of Topshop? Hot felon Jeremy Meeks poses in LA shop window as gleeful heiress girlfriend looks on... after heartbroken wife Melissa removes him from her Instagram bio





Crab fishing boat that sank in the waters where 'Deadliest Catch' is filmed is recovered five months after it sank with six crew members on board





Top general says LEAKS to the New York Times are the reason ISIS leader al-Baghdadi escaped US forces and is likely still alive





Husband and wife whose bodies were found perfectly preserved in Swiss glacier are finally buried 75 years on





Hero seven-year-old girl takes the wheel after her dad 'overdoses and falls unconscious' while driving in Brooklyn





'He always had a smile on his face': Friends remember 19-year-old college student who was the first of four victims fatally shot by schizophrenic pot dealer and buried in a farm





Mamma Mia! Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump soak up the sun in a last minute sunbathing session as they wrap up their Italian vacation




Previous
Next








Prince Charles tells shoppers to buy British food - but his own brand uses at least 32 kinds of fruit and veg from abroad
Prince of Wales recently urged people to buy British whenever possibleHe said that farmers make a huge contribution to the UK's food securityDuchy Organic imports foreign groceries for farmers to grow howeverClarence House said product sourcing is the responsibly of supermarketBy

Jake Polden For Mailonline


Published:
  06:56 EDT, 15 November 2015

 | 
Updated:
  09:39 EDT, 15 November 2015














e-mail








81
shares

 
         341
View  comments



Prince Charles may be an avid supporter of home-grown produce but his Duchy Organic brand sells fruit and vegetables from abroad, it has been revealed.The Prince of Wales recently urged people to buy British food whenever possible to save rural communities and the countryside from the grave danger they are currently in.Writing for Country Life magazine he said that farmers make a huge contribution to the UK's food security, environment and prosperity.Scroll down for video   





 The Prince of Wales recently urged people to buy British food whenever possible to save rural communitiesBut Duchy Organic, the premium organic food and drink brand sold predominantly through Waitrose, imports at least 32 different kinds of grocery for British farmers to grow however.The groceries come from as far afield as New Zealand and include everything from carrots and potatoes to apples and parsnips.


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






No, these are mine! Adorable little girl, 2, gives Camilla a...



A royal farewell: Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of...



France in terror: Tourist sites shut, U2 gig cancelled and...



See the pictures of Prince Charles in bright yellow swimming...





Share this article
Share
81 shares



The Duchy Organic brand is a partnership between Waitrose and the Duchy Originals company, which was set up by Charles in 1990.The pair linked up in 2009 and Waitrose donate royalties to the Prince's charity in order to use the brand.  





 Writing for Country Life magazine, Charles said that farmers make a huge contribution to the UK's food security, environment and prosperityClarence House told The Sun that the sourcing of produce for Duchy Originals is the responsibility of the supermarket.The paper also reported that Waitrose said it sources as many organic products as it can from the UK.Charles and Camilla recently attended a service at St George's Cathedral in Perth while on a tour visiting seven regions in New Zealand and three states and one territory in Australia.After condemning the Paris terrorist attacks that have killed at least 129, Charles and his wife joined a congregation for Sunday worship.






  





 Duchy Organic, the premium organic food and drink brand sold predominantly through Waitrose, imports at least 32 different kinds of grocery for British farmers to grow  





 Charles and Camilla recently attended a service at St George's Cathedral in Perth while on a tour visiting seven regions in New Zealand and three states and one territory in AustraliaThe heir to the throne's comments came during his birthday barbecue at Cottlesloe beach in Perth on Saturday when he asked the guests to 'join with me in expressing as well our utter, total horror at what has happened'.The night ended with the cutting of Charles' birthday cake with the guests swamped by torrential rain.  Later, Charles and Camilla said goodbye to Australia by going on a walkabout in Perth's Kings Park.Almost a thousand people turned out to see the royal couple who shook hands and briefly chatted to the well-wishers.Their tour ended with Colin Barnett, the premier of Western Australia, and other dignitaries waving the prince and duchess off from Perth airport on a Royal Australian Air Force jet.  





 Duchy Organic groceries come from as far afield as New Zealand and include everything from carrots and potatoes to apples and parsnips
SO WHERE DO THE DUCHY ORIGINALS PRODUCTS COME FROM?Waitrose Duchy Organic carrots Origin: France, Germany, Israel, Italy (incl Vatican City), Spain(incl Canary & Balearic Is.), United KingdomWaitrose Duchy Organic Gala apples Origin: Argentina, Italy (incl Vatican City), New Zealand (incl Chatham Island), United Kingdom, USAWaitrose Duchy Organic cherry vine tomatoes Origin: United Kingdom, Portugal (incl Azores & Madeira)Waitrose Duchy Organic pears Origin: Argentina, Italy (incl Vatican City), New Zealand (incl Chatham Island), United KingdomWaitrose Duchy Organic cherry vine tomatoes  Origin: United Kingdom, Portugal(incl Azores & Madeira)Waitrose Duchy Organic celeryOrigin: Spain(incl Canary & Balearic Is.), United Kingdom, USAWaitrose Duchy Organic sweet potatoesOrigin: Egypt, Israel, USAWaitrose Duchy Organic garlicOrigin: Argentina, Spain(incl Canary & Balearic Is.)Waitrose Duchy Organic ridge cucumberOrigin: Belgium, Egypt, Israel, Italy (incl Vatican City), Morocco, Spain(incl Canary & Balearic Is.), United KingdomWaitrose Duchy Organic onionsOrigin: United Kingdom, Spain(incl Canary & Balearic Is.), New Zealand (incl Chatham Island), Holland, Germany, Egypt, Chile, Austria, ArgentinaWaitrose Duchy Organic courgettesOrigin: Spain(incl Canary & Balearic Is.), Morocco, United KingdomWaitrose Duchy Organic red cabbageOrigin: Italy (incl Vatican City), Spain(incl Canary & Balearic Is.), United KingdomWaitrose Duchy Organic parsnipsOrigin: Israel, Spain(incl Canary & Balearic Is.), United Kingdom



Read more:

Charles says: ‘Buy British’... but sells foreign





Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








81
shares











      Most watched News videos          Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington dies aged 41         Terrifying moment UK bound flight performed emergency nosedive         Spicer sneaks out White House side door at 2:18 after resigning         Amazing idea: this barber covers his shop floor with pennies         Long Gill River Kingsdale fills up with after heavy downpour         Mum's surprise as son cuts chunk of her hair filming spoof video         Disturbing video of teens watching drowning man and doing nothing         Blair Logan points out 'fire hazard' in eerie gardening clip         Meet the bizarre goat born with a demonic human-looking face         Mysterious moment morphing UFO spotted flying over Cornwall         'Scary lady!': 'Ghost servant' caught on camera at palace         Minneapolis Police Chief responds to shooting of Justine Ruszczyk         





       How this magical monkey selfie ruined my life: British...      Orphan who's Bob Geldof's greatest success: Tiger Lily...      Chester Bennington's wife holds hands with her...      ISIS fighters dress up as WOMEN with make-up and padded...      John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home...      Why Britain's suffering an acid attack epidemic: Gang...      Eighteen-year-old cheerleader is charged with 'killing...      Melissa McCarthy's impression was 'over the line' and I...      British teenagers on holiday in Turkey say they were...      EXCLUSIVE: Mel B's ex-nanny stole $300,000 from her and...      Chaos in Minneapolis: Angry protesters shut down mayor’s...      British tourists forced to queue outside Kos airport over...      Sacre bleu! French complain that their brave sacrifice at...      Pudsey the dog's owner says she is NOT replacing him -...      Thug who kicked Paul Gascoigne down flight of hotel...      Murderer who doused his brother and his girlfriend with...      Billy goat's rough: 'Demon' baby goat is born with...      Pulitzer Prize winning Wall Street Journal reporter, 34,...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       












Comments 340

	    Share what you think
          







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated





 
View all




The comments below have not been moderated.





 
View all



      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          Jersey Shore star Ronnie Magro and girlfriend pictured bloodied after bottle-smashing 'fight' in Las Vegas
          
          Sustained lacerations
        











          Pregnant Nicky Hilton works understated glamor in a loose blouse and denim shorts as she enjoys sun-soaked family holiday in St Tropez
          












          Revealed: Kate's $34,000 tour wardrobe as the Duchess pulls out all the stops to showcase Polish, German AND British fashion
          












          Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she packs on PDA with new beau Mechie in Miami... and gets a kiss from Joanna Krupa's ex
          
          New relationship
        











          Proud papa! Rob Kardashian returns to social media with cute snap of Dream... as Blac Chyna parties with new beau in Miami
          
          Back online
        














          'Look what you're missing!' Celebrities reveal how they would spend a night with an ex...and what their parting words would be 
          
          SPONSORED
        











          Hot in the city! Elizabeth Banks shows off her lovely legs in a flirty mini-skirt as she grabs a cold drink in LA
          
          The 43-year-old looked fresh as  daisy
        











          We belong together! Mariah Carey and Lionel Richie kick off epic All The Hits tour together with magical performance in San Francisco
          












          She's so fierce! Kylie Jenner's on the prowl as she flashes her flat abs and long legs in smoldering Puma promo
          
          One of the sportswear brand's ambassadors
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sealed with a kiss! Brooklyn Beckham appears to CONFIRM romance with Madison Beer as they lock lips during LA shopping trip
          












          I'm four! George and his gap-toothed grin: Kate and William release adorable portrait of the Prince as they prepare to celebrate his birthday 
          














          Can an A-list relationship REALLY end on good terms? The famous last words celebrities have spoken about their exes 
          
          SPONSORED
        











          Mamma Mia! Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump soak up the sun in a last minute sunbathing session as their wrap up their Italian vacation
          












          John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at California hotel'
          
          Died in California
        











          Cristiano Ronaldo looks in good spirits as he signs autographs in Shanghai... after confirming girlfriend Georgina is pregnant with his fourth child
          












          Where's new flame Brooklyn Beckham? Madison Beer leaves little to the imagination in crop top as she parties at Tyga's music release bash
          












          The dream team! Chris Hemsworth enjoys boys' weekend at San Diego's Comic Con while wife Elsa Pataky parties at music festival with young twins
          












          The new face of Topshop? Jeremy Meeks poses in Sir Phillip Green's LA shop window as gleeful heiress girlfriend Chloe Green looks on
          












          It's in his kiss! Jeremy Meeks passionately locks lips with girlfriend Chloe Green during coffee run in LA and confirms that 'we are' in love
          












          Speaking to Diego? Suki Waterhouse, 25, appears deep in conversation during New York stroll... after reigniting romance rumors with Luna, 37
          












          Shirtless Orlando Bloom shows off his incredible abs as he soaks up the sunshine on beach getaway in France
          
          Hit the beach
        













          Toned and terrific! Shanina Shaik displays statuesque figure in a sleeveless floral frock for Miami fashion show
          
          The 26-year-old wore a choker necklace
        











          Man of style! Justin Timberlake keeps low profile in beanie and shades as he wheels his suitcase through New York
          
          Nearly unnoticeable
        











          'I don't regret a bit of that': Kelly Lynch says motherhood led her to reject Basic Instinct role that made Sharon Stone's career
          
          Impacted her decisions
        











          When you got it! Nicki Minaj slips on cleavage-baring black ensemble with thigh-high boots and dances to her Swish Swish verse on a balcony
          












          Emily Ratajkowski shocks fans as she shows off her VERY slender figure and ample chest to pose completely NAKED for LOVE Magazine
          












          Chris Brown 'sues concert organizer citing extreme emotional distress in 2015 incident in the Philippines'
          
          Not initially permitted to leave the country
        











          Hello, gorgeous! Christina Milian offers glimpse at bra through sheer off-the-shoulder top as she strolls in Miami Beach with a male pal
          












          ABS-olutely incredible! Chanel Iman flashes her flat stomach in neutral crop top and pencil skirt for Miami swim week after party
          
          Incredible body
        











          Simply stunning! Ruth Negga hits fashion high note in a vintage-inspired dress as she attends Comic Con alongside her Preacher co-stars
          












          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone supports sister Petra Stunt as they step out for lunch with father Bernie and their children
          














          Top of the crops! Jamie Chung shows some skin in a black crop top at a Comic-Con party for The Gifted
          
          Showed off her fit physique at a party
        











          The bodyguard who saw EVERYTHING: How Diana once flirted with Pavarotti, jumped 20ft from a hotel balcony and travelled 'goat class' with a hen party
          












          Pep in her step! Vanessa Hudgens accentuates gym-honed legs in flirty red dress as she grabs iced coffee
          
          Judge on FOX's So You Think You Can Dance
        











          Keeping her cool! Ariel Winter goes braless during grocery run in LA as boyfriend Levi Meaden dotes on young family member
          












          Look at me! Geri Horner flaunts slender midriff in tiny vest top and biker jacket as she steps out in London for radio hosting gig
          
          Packed schedule 
        











          Making a splash! Audrina Patridge is paisley perfect as she debuts her sizzling swimwear line at SwimMiami
          
          Starting a new chapter
        











          'When you find out mommy was a pop star!' Victoria Beckham shares sweet moment delighted daughter Harper discovers her Spice Girls dolls
          












          She's not a regular mom, she's a cool mom! Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky takes her young twins to music festival
          
          Soaked up the sounds
        











          She's a knockout! Romee Strijd showcases her toned legs and trim midriff in mini skirt during stroll through New York 
          
          Showcased her legs 
        











          Nick Cannon hits the runway for Miami Swim Week while holding hands with model Addison Garman
          
          Singer, actor, producer and now model 
        











          Usher 'faces new lawsuit from woman who claims he didn't tell her he had herpes before their unprotected sexual encounter'
          
          A $10 million lawsuit 
        











          Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries sizzles in bathing suit as she tops up her tan in Miami...after sharing flirty nude snap from bed
          












          'Love you': Julianne Hough heaps praise on BFF Kristy Sowin as she is lavished with gifts on 29th birthday during sun-soaked honeymoon
          
          Overcome with emotion 
        











          Bikini model Natasha Oakley says achieving success despite not having a 'rail-thin' frame has provided fans with 'new-found confidence'
          
          Australian bikini model 
        











          Hitting their stride! Bella Thorne rocks beanie and all-white outfit as she steps out with male pal in LA
          
          Had her arm casually draped around him
        













          Khloe Kardashian blast cruel trolls who claim OJ Simpson is her DAD as family friend 'The Juice' prepares to be released in October
          
          Spoken out 
        











          The terrible twos strike! Adorable Charlotte throws a tantrum as she refuses to board the plane at Hamburg airport (but it's all smiles from George)
          












          Sienna Miller looks chic in cream jumper as she's supported by pal Liv Tyler at her West End production of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof
          
          Signed autographs
        











          Looking lovely! Jamie Chung displays toned legs in gingham dress with corset belt as she supports action show at Comic-Con
          
          X-Men spinoff star 
        











          IT's back! Pennywise the Clown gnaws on child's dismembered hand in horrifying Comic-Con sneak peek of Stephen King remake
          
          Gruesome shot
        











          Lily Cole looks sheepish in an oversized hooded dress while co-star Charlotte Ritchie is laden with boxes as the pair head home after starring in play
          












          Peachy keen! Carrie Underwood shows off her fantastically flat abs in scenic lakeside swimsuit selfie
          
          Country superstar looked great 
        











          Party time! Kylie Jenner celebrates wrap of self-titled reality series with frosted neon lip cake
          
          Wrapped her reality show Life Of Kylie 
        











          EXCLUSIVE: Mel B's ex-nanny stole $300,000 from her and is threatening to release sex tapes claims her attorney during bitter court sessions
          












          Making a big splash! Puffy Daddy lives large as he goes shirtless and sips cocktails with his family on $46M luxury boat off coast of Italy
          
          Had a whale of a time
        











          Still smirking at justice: OJ Simpson tells close friend he plans to visit his ex-wife's grave as he continues to insist he didn't murder her 
          
          Granted parole
        











          She can act, too! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi stuns in Comic-Con portraits as she promotes her latest movie 'Sharknado 5' 
          
          Many talents
        











          Documentary maker Ron Creevey claims Michael Hutchence's daughter Tiger Lily will be 'very well taken care of' thanks to work of accountants'
          












          Tragic INXS singer Michael Hutchence's daughter Tiger Lily who was left an orphan after her British mother died of an overdose celebrates turning 21 
          












          Showing some skin! Gwyneth Paltrow dons VERY tiny shorts and long striped blouse for summery outing with gal pal
          
          Proudly flaunted he legs
        











          Like day and night! Blonde Kaley Cuoco looks cute as she poses with her raven-haired younger sister Briana at Comic-Con in California
          
          Sisterly love 
        











          'She trusts no one': Sophie Turner says Sansa Stark is 'woke' as Game of Thrones unveils season seven preview in Comic-Con panel
          
          Ready for action 
        











          Jimmy Kimmel reveals 3-month-old son Billy is 'doing great' after open-heart surgery
          
          Late night host has tweeted a sweet photo of his smiling baby son 
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Blac Chyna, 29, goes public with rapper Mechie, 24, at Miami hotel same day as kissing photo... while Rob Kardashian hides
          












           PICTURED: Brooklyn Beckham enjoys low-key shopping trip with leggy rumored flame Madison Beer... amid claims she's met mum Victoria
          












          Bra-vo! Nicole Murphy, 49, showcases ample cleavage and incredible figure in sexy white crop top and jean shorts
          
          Nicole only appears to be getting younger
        











          New couple alert! Gossip Girl star Kelly Rutherford steps out in NYC with Prophetik fashion designer Jeff Garner
          
          Looked delighted 
        











          'People are a**holes': Khloe Kardashian looks cool during date with Tristan before reacting to haters who heckled her about 'real dad' OJ Simpson
          












          Hello petal! Krysten Ritter cuts sophisticated figure in sheer floral gown as she supports Marvel's The Defenders at Comic-Con
          
          Star of Jessica Jones
        











          Cara Delevingne cuts a stylish figure in navy and white trousers with a striped blouse to promote Valerian film
          
          Whirlwind promotional tour for Valerian
        











          Time with her cousin! Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her figure after workout as she walks in NYC with lookalike family member Tiana Rios
          












          Sheer thing! Alessandra Ambrosio flashes black bra in see-through tank top and frayed jean shorts during coffee run with daughter Anja
          












          Bra-flashing Celine Dion, 49, rocks her most muted ensemble yet in a sharp tailored jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Paris
          
          Canadian pop diva
        











          Eva Longoria show off her enivably svelte frame as she steps out in a flattering white beaded minidress for Global Gift Gala in Ibiza
          
          Shimmered 
        











          Sunny in summer! Naomi Watts dishes working with David Lynch while wearing stylish light orange top at Twin Peaks Comic-Con panel
          












          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Have goofy Gwynnie and mum taken up paintballing? Paltrow and her 74-year-old mom sport eye-popping outfits
          












          'It's difficult to say': Louis Tomlinson claims Harry Styles is holding up a One Direction reunion... and says he was blocked from being an X Factor judge
          












          'I have learned a lesson I won't forget:' Singer Scotty McCreery speaks out after accidentally bringing a loaded gun to airport
          
          American Idol winner 
        











          Super dad! Liev Schreiber treats his sons to Comic-Con as they don character costumes before reuniting with mom Naomi Watts
          












          Don't mesh with her! Rose McGowan puts toned torso on display in sheer crop top as she beats the heat with floppy hat
          
          Stepping out in NYC
        











          'I was embarrassed about it': Charlize Theron says living with an unpredictable alcoholic father was more traumatic than his death
          
          Went through therapy
        











          Tamera Mowry says talks to bring beloved TV series Sister, Sister back to the air are 'progressively moving forward'
          
          Another re-boot 
        











          Mad Men vet Kiernan Shipka looks happy as she peruses LA farmer's market in straw hat and blue blouse
          
          She grew up on screen
        











          Meet The Stewarts! Rod, 72, cosies up to wife Penny Lancaster, 46, as they proudly show off their children and grandchildren in rare family photo 
          












          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Third time lucky for Murdoch's $207million daughter who marries her fiance in a lavish Cotswolds ceremony
          












          More Momoa! Game of Thrones star Jason confirmed as a guest of Brisbane and Sydney Oz Comic-Con as he films Aquaman on the Gold Coast
          












          The Walking Dead season eight preview is unveiled at San Diego Comic-Con after tribute to late stuntman
          
          Flashed upon a number of chilling images
        











          Fun in the sun: Bethenny Frankel, 46, dons skimpy string bikini for beach day with seven-year-old daughter Bryn in Montauk, New York
          












          'There are children in the world, so cover up!': Nikki Blonsky lashes out at Ariel Winter for her sexy style... but adds the teen has a 'great body'
          
          Admonished her
        











          Anna Wintour's daughter Bee celebrates birthday with Hamilton-costume party that include Allison Williams and a serenade from Andrew Rannells
          












          Delta hits out at Jennifer Aniston for appearing in advert for Dubai-based competitor airline Emirates in staff video
          
          Star caught in storm
        











          Former Olympic swimmer Princess Charlene dazzles in emerald-green dress as she awards medals at international athletics competition in Monaco 
          












          That's a relief! Shiva Safai smiles at a beauty event just hours after billionaire fiance Mohamed Hadid avoids jail
          
          Dazzled in bird-print 
        











          Olivia Munn looks stylish in black and white as she joins Justin Theroux at The LEGO Ninjago Movie photo call at Comic-Con in San Diego
          












          Former Los Angeles home of Cher and Tony Curtis hits the market for a whopping $180 MILLION - just 10 months after it was sold for half that price tag
          












          Transgender plastic surgery diva Amanda Lepore reveals she had an affair with a now-married rapper and rumors swirl that it's Kanye West
          












          Would you wear GRAY lipstick? As Gigi Hadid turns heads in the lip color, a celebrity make-up artist reveals how YOU can pull off the bold look
          












          Are you feline OK? Kendall Jenner gets cozy with an adorable kitten for cute Vogue video - despite admitting she is ALLERGIC to fluffy animal
          












          Alessandra Ambrosio showcases sensational abs in crop top and jeans as she struts her stuff during NYC outing
          
          Brazilian beauty rocked a cropped black T-shirt 
        











          Pregnant lingerie model Sarah Stage posts pic of ultrasound, insisting her unborn baby is a healthy 2lbs - as followers accuse her of using a SURROGATE
          












          OJ Simpson in protective custody in Nevada prison for his own safety after being granted parole in armed robbery case
          
          Walks free on October 1
        











          Age-defying Elle Macpherson, 53, flaunts her incredibly toned stomach and long legs in a tiny pink bikini during Mexico getaway
          
          Looked effortlessly chic 
        











          Batfleck no more? Ben Affleck may not star in standalone Batman film as Warner Bros 'are working on ushering him out'
          
          Could be one and done
        











          Fit couple! Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews shows off toned tummy while lifting weights as shirtless  Jarret Stoll cleans garage
          












          Puppy love! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell look sleepy while doting on their new adopted dog
          
           In Manitoba, Canada, where Stewart is filming
        











          Maria Menounos calls brain tumor a 'gift' saying she needed to change her life before she and Megyn Kelly break down as she discusses her mom
          












          Johnny is Keeping Up With The Kardashians! Depp 'bought $7K sofa from one of the Kardashian family members for daughter Lily-Rose'
          












          Denim daze! Take a cue from Bella Hadid and Khloe Kardashian and ditch your Daisy Dukes in favor of stylish Bermuda shorts this summer
          












          Is that you Sarah? Ms Jessica Parker looks very different in blonde wig and frumpy outfit to shoot Best Day Of My Life
          
          Filming in Big Apple
        











          Beyonce wax figure is REMOVED from Madame Tussauds museum in NYC after complaints singer was 'whitewashed' to look more like Taylor Swift
          












          Showing off her assets! Nicki Minaj shakes her famous booty as she continues to shoot Rake It Up video which co-stars Blac Chyna
          












           Bristol Palin shares photo of herself enjoying a walk with her sister and two of her children - while husband Dakota remains in Texas with one-year-old Sailor
          












          Feminine in floral! Victoria's Secret model Lily Aldridge looks lovely in blue summer dress and Swedish braids as she heads to meeting in New York City
          












          Looking Long-glorious! Eva, 42, flaunts her figure bikini as she steals a smooch with husband José Bastón during a game of beach volleyball in Ibiza
          












          Mika and Joe in love! Scarborough declares his affection for his co-host fiancee in new music video 
          
          Pair can be seen embracing one another 
        











          Body of Chester Bennington is removed from his home as his wife is targeted by vile hacker who tweeted disgusting claims from her account 
          












          One-piece wonder! Kristen Bell sports Orange Is The New Black style jumper for visit to Disneyland with pals Sarah Silverman and Josh Gad
          












          Michael Jackson 'was a beautiful human being' who was prosecuted by a family whose 'ulterior motive' was money, says a former juror in child molestation case
          












          Rita Ora continues her retro style streak as she rocks vintage The Who T-shirt while touching down in London... after reigniting Diplo dating rumors 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Divorce flip-flop? Tarek El Moussa's filing against Christina about to be dismissed because he hasn't filed papers - but she has moved on
          












          Getting her message out! Platinum blonde  Karlie Kloss wears Girl Empower T-shirt as she showcases her long legs in fitted jeans while running errands in NYC
          












          The Hollywood blonde and the Satanist: Bizarre relationship between doomed actress Jayne Mansfield and Anton LaVey that was cut short by her death in 1967
          












          Dick Van Dyke finally apologizes for the 'most atrocious cockney accent in the history of cinema' over 50 years after singing about Mary Poppins' 'jorly 'orlidye'
          












          She's got that Friday feeling! Ivanka looks happy and relaxed as she shows off her legs in a flirty dress while leaving D.C. home with one-year-old Theodore 
          












          Braless Nicole Scherzinger turns up the heat in a plunging skintight turquoise gown as she makes glamorous arrival at X Factor UK auditions
          












          'No matter what happens you still love them': Nick Carter chokes up while discussing family drama on TV's Boy Band... after fight with brother Aaron
          












          Linkin Park filmed an episode of Carpool Karaoke with Dr Ken star Ken Jeong just days before front man Chester Bennington's suicide
          












          EXCLUSIVE: OJ Simpson's ex-prison guard insists he DID save Juice from a white supremacist inmate and is outraged that OJ called him a 'fraud'
          












           Michael Phelps gets up VERY close and personal with a great white shark as he prepares to take on one of the deadly beasts in an epic race 
          












          Tiffany Trump and mom Marla Maples bid a fond farewell to crew of their charter yacht and get ready to head home, as their two-week Italian vacation ends
          












          Like father, like son! Prince George follows in Prince William's footsteps by donning a helmet and hopping aboard the EXACT same helicopter that dad flies  
          












          Who needs a gym? Michael C Hall squeezes in a quick work out between filming scenes for new Netflix drama Safe in Manchester 
          
          Dexter star limbered up
        











          Style Swoon: From Bella Hadid's rock star belt to Sienna Miller's ear candy, FEMAIL reveals the fashions that caught our attention this week
          












          'I wish!': Jada Pinkett addresses 'crazy, constant' rumor that she and her husband of 23 years Will Smith are swingers
          
          Responded to fan
        











          Korn guitarist Brian Welch is slammed online for calling Linkin Park front man Chester Bennington a 'coward' just hours after his death
          












          'I can either give up and f***ing die or I can fight for what I want': Linkin Park star Chester Bennington explains his battle with depression in FINAL interview
          












          Getting serious! Blac Chyna is kissed by rapper Mechie who shows off BC tattoo behind his ear... two weeks after Rob Kardashian tirade
          












          The couple that works out together... Ashley Tisdale makes funny face as she heads to Los Angeles gym with husband Christopher French
          












          Hollywood star Dan Aykroyd tries to SUE enterprising couple because their skull-shaped homemade chilli sauce bottle is 'too similar' to his vodka
          












          Day off from glam! Rachel Bilson totes large red hippie bag with tassels as she leaves daughter Briar Rose at home to shop in Studio City
          












          'You guys think this is real?': Bella Thorne denies masturbation video is real after explicit clip surfaces online
          
          Hitting back
        











          Nicole Scherzinger flashes serious cleavage as she provocatively unzips plunging yellow top for steamy selfie
          
          Set pulses racing 
        











          The least sexy swimsuits EVER? Brand behind Donald Trump one-piece sells bizarre bathing suits printed with faces of Putin, Kim Jong Un and Nic Cage
          












          She's got moves! Charlize Theron shakes a leg like a pro as she joins Jimmy Fallon in a Dance Battle on The Tonight Show
          
          Showed off her legs
        











          Make way for the birdies! The golfing WAGs adding some serious glamour to The British Open - including fitness instructors and PLENTY of models
          












          Making them green with envy! Radiant Queen Letizia, 44,  displays her toned body in a figure-hugging outfit at music awards in Spain
          












          'Da, da, da, daaa!' Conductor Kate is asked to take up baton to direct Hamburg Symphony Orchestra (and she opts for Beethoven's Fifth)
          












          Age-defying Sharon Stone, 59, looks incredible as she displays her flat stomach and slim legs in a tiny blue bikini in Instagram snap
          












          'I'm not interested in selling my music': Singer Gotye turned down $10 million dollars in YouTube royalties for hit Somebody That I Used To Know
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Mel B blasts nanny's lawsuit that claimed the women were lovers - and it was the ex Spice Girl who pressured then teen into making sex tapes
          












          Sports Illustrated model Joy Corrigan goes TOPLESS on Miami beach as she has fun in the sun with fellow model  Kristyna Schickova
          












          'Are you excited to see your dad?': Khloe Kardashian is trolled on Instagram after news that 'real father' OJ Simpson is being released from prison
          












          Body confident Ashley Graham leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she poses completely nude for sexy photoshoot for LOVE magazine 
          












          Kim Kardashian shows off her famous hourglass figure in an embellished mesh skirt and crop top as she attends a Balmain bash in Los Angeles 
          












          She Ha-did it again! Braless supermodel Bella, 20, wows in skimpy crop top as she hits the streets of New York City
          
          Casually coordinated
        











          Eva Longoria flaunts her figure in a pretty pink bikini as she sips on a cocktail by the pool in Ibiza
          
          Relaxed in style at a Hard Rock Hotel 
        











          Happy National Day! Belgium's King Philippe and Queen Mathilde make for picture perfect family as they celebrate with their children in Brussels 
          












          Love is in the air! Game Of Thrones actress Sophie Turner cuts a casual figure in double denim as she joins boyfriend Joe Jonas at LAX
          












          Ryan Murphy reveals title for season seven of American Horror Story which stars Sarah Paulson, Evan Peters, Billie Lourd and Lena Dunham
          












          Gucci girl! Leggy Hailey Baldwin wears $400 'paint-splattered' designer t-shirt and tiny shorts to attend Kendrick Lamar concert in New York
          












          Petra Ecclestone's lawyer says it is 'scandalous' that her estranged husband James Stunt won't agree to a compromise in their $7bn divorce 
          












          Is it too late to say sorry? Justin Bieber BANNED from China for 'bad behavior'... as country reinforces efforts to 'purify' its entertainment industry
          












          Kris Jenner lets her hair down as she parties in a white feather boa with boyfriend Corey Gamble at a themed bash on a yacht in St Tropez
          












          'They wanted spoilers!' Game of Thrones star Tom Wlaschiha reveals 'charming' Kate and William grilled him about tshow they love to watch when he met the royals
          












          'Snapchat queen' Yesjulz showcases toned bikini body as she frolics on the beach with singer Lexy Panterra in Miami... amid nude photos 'sextortion' case
          












          'That's Granny's boat!' William gets nostalgic as he admires a model of Royal Yacht Britannia which he vacationed on as a child during visit to museum with Kate
          












          Olivia Munn puts on a VERY busty display in risque nude bra as she stands out from the crowd in eye-popping orange co-ord at Comic-Con
          












          OJ's son Justin Simpson is all smiles as he emerges from Walmart after his father's parole hearing
          
          A very good day for the Simpson family 
        











          Age-defying Salma Hayek, 50, puts on a VERY busty display in corset T-shirt as she heads out for dinner with pal
          
          Keeping it casual
        











          Mariah Carey and beau Bryan Tanaka look smitten as they hold hands in Los Angeles... just days after her lackluster dancing goes viral
          












          Camilla wraps up in a trench coat on a rainy day in western England as she and Charles enjoy tea and a scone with the locals (including a very friendly dog)
          












          Jason Bateman and wife Amanda Anka enjoy date night at New York City premiere of his new Netflix series Ozark ... after celebrating 16th wedding anniversary
          












          'Pina coladas and cave swimming':  Sailor Brinkley-Cook flashes flesh as she sizzles in bikini snaps from  tropical holiday adventure
          












          Partying with a six pack! Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her taut tummy in revealing crop top as she parties in Hollywood
          
          Spotted leaving Craig's looking fabulous
        











          In the best possible taste! Reese Witherspoon sticks tongue out and flashes her legs she leaves Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop event in New York
          












          'Everyone has an opinion!' Country singer and mother-of-one Jana Kramer hits out at online mom shamers
          
          Spoke out after Smokeout Festival
        











          'He's not perfect': Todd Chrisley approves of daughter Savannah's 'beautiful relationship' with new NBA beau Luke Kennard
          
          Very happy for them 
        











          Bandmates and friends of Linkin Park's Chester Bennington arrive at his LA home after his shock 'suicide' which coincided with Chris Cornell's birthday
          












          Peek-a-boob! Braless Ariel Winter flashes serious sideboob in daringly skimpy top... after hitting back at bodyshamers
          
          Voluptuous curves
        











          'I went off the wagon': RHOC star Shannon Beador addresses weight gain after blaming co-star Vicki Gunvalson of causing her to stress eat
          












          Khloe Kardashian's NBA beau Tristan Thompson tours $9M LA mansion with basketball court and putting green
          
          Things are getting serious between them
        











          Make-up free Paris Jackson flaunts cleavage and toned legs in skimpy scarlet playsuit as she steps out in New York City
          
          Natural beauty
        











          As Bella Hadid wears a sports bra as a crop top and Emily Ratajkowski rocks a dress as a coat, we reveal five very versatile styles to stock in YOUR summer closet 
          












          Letting her Skarsgard down! Topless Alexa Chung flashes her bare breasts in raunchy LOVE shoot... after 'split' from actor Alexander
          
          Uncharateristic
        











          That'll show them! Halle Berry, 50, downs half a PINT of whiskey at Comic-Con event in San Diego after denying she is pregnant 
          
          Perfect response 
        











          Elle Evans, 27, flashes toned tummy in tie-front top as she joins boyfriend Muse frontman Matt Bellamy, 39, backstage at The Late Show
          












          Gwyneth Paltrow and her lookalike mom Blythe Danner wear matching Prada outfits as they attend GOOP event with star's ex-husband Chris Martin
          












          Kylie Jenner sells her plush seven bedroom Calabasas 'starter home' for $3.15 million... making a 'modest' $550k profit just two years after buying it
          












          Sofia Vergara, 45, looks stunning as she enjoys romantic night with hunky husband Joe Manganiello at star-studded Guns N' Roses show in NYC
          












          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sheer wonder! Braless Kim Kardashian flashes her ample cleavage in a dangerously low-cut mesh jumpsuit for date night with Kanye
          












          Poppy Delevingne flashes her underwear in a metallic semi-sheer cobweb mini dress as she poses with designer Olivier Rousteing at the Balmain party
          












          Top of the crops! Chantel Jeffries shows off toned tummy as she wears athleisure to Miami party...after being spotted on date with Wilmer Valderrama
          












          Casually-clad Kendall Jenner puts on a cozy display with musician pal Taco Bennett as they link arms during night out together in West Hollywood
          












          Princess Diana's  belongings from her writing desk to tape collection go on display giving a rare glimpse into the tragic royal's life 20 years after she died
          












          Mel B cuts a pensive figure as she steps out in a strapless jumpsuit... while former nanny Lorraine Gilles makes a rare public appearance ahead of court hearing
          












          'He had a really great way of making you forget who he was': Mayte Garcia describes losing her virginity to Prince
          
          Released her first book
        











          Pretty Little Outfit: Lucy Hale looks chic in a loose navy jumpsuit and colourful retro shoes as she steps out for coffee
          
          The 28-year-old looked super stylish 
        











          Peace! Paris Jackson flaunts hippie style in groovy glasses and tie-dye pants on NYC streets
          
          She has burning candle at both ends 
        















 
 
DON'T MISS










          ABS-olutely fabulous! Demi Lovato flaunts her toned midsection while on the set of upcoming music video
          
          Rocking a tiny crop top and track bottoms
        











          Transformers' Isabela Moner and Laura Haddock don elegant gowns for Tokyo premiere of The Last Knight
          
          Joined by life-size robots
        











          'It's going down!' Model Shanina Shaik flaunts her slender figure in a black mini skirt at a bowling alley ahead of Miami Swim Week party
          
          Letting her hair down 
        











          About to pop out! Busty Christina Milian flaunts her cleavage in sexy white off-the-shoulder dress with buttons up the front
          
          On the red carpet 
        











          An unlikely bromance! Criss Angel is feted by acting star Gary Oldman at Hollywood Walk Of Fame presentation
          
          He is one of the biggest stars in the world
        











          'I did think about getting breast implants': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm reflects on her body image battle and reveals why she will never get surgery
          












          Sienna Miller is the picture of elegance in a flirty and feminine embroidered frock as she leaves performance of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof in London
          












          'I wanted to cater more to women': Tyga claims female fanbase has 'exploded' as he promotes album... but doesn't mention ex Kylie Jenner
          












          Fry another day! Sunburnt Bill Clinton dines with his favorite James Bond actor Pierce Brosnan on a private boat in Hawaii 
          
          Enjoying himself 
        











          Bella Thorne smooches rapper Blackbear's shoulder...just days after partying with Scott Disick in NYC
          
          Non-stop for Bella 
        











          Holiday mode! Elle Macpherson enjoys afternoon siesta during chilled out Mexican holiday...following reports of 'split from billionaire Jeff Soffer'
          












          Proud grandma! Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles dances to Blue Ivy's rap on Jay-Z's new album in sweet Instagram video
          
          One proud grandmother
        











          Kit Harington and Rose Leslie DENY they are engaged... after reports claimed Game of Thrones actor had proposed over 'candlelit dinner'
          












          AC slayed her! Paula Patton is in good spirits as she cracks up during interview with Mario Lopez  on Extra
          
          Cracked up on the set during filming 
        











          'Everybody gets along great!': David Arquette reveals his secrets to successful co-parenting with Courteney Cox 
          
          He is the epitome of a modern family man
        











          Make-up free Kendall Jenner covers her face while leaving a Beverly Hills dermatology clinic
          
          The 21-year-old left without a scrap of makeup on
        











          Jennifer Lawrence joins Amy Schumer and SNL stars on stage at comedy gig to support sex assault charity 
          
          Like true sisters, they support each other
        











          She's got the blues! Olivia Culpo makes a flirty display in a skin-tight tank and relaxed jeans for photo shoot
          
          Girl-next-door style 
        











          Her leading man! Sarah Wayne Callies stuns in skimpy bustier as she cuddles up to Colony costar Josh Holloway at Comic-Con
          
          Alien invasion drama 
        











          That's the key! Karlie Kloss shows off her flat abs in quirky white keyhole tee and red track pants
          
          She never fails to turn heads
        











          Doctor Doom is ready for his close-up! Fox developing feature film based on Marvel's Fantastic Four villain
          
          Revealed at Comic-Con in San Diego
        











          Simply stylish! Jaime King looks lovely in red blouse and fitted jeans as she steps out for juice in Beverly Hills
          
          Showed off her figure in the high-waist pants 
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck's girlfriend Lindsay Shookus reunites with estranged husband Kevin Miller and their daughter in NYC
          












          The look of love: Duke and Duchess of Cambridge can't keep their eyes off each other as they join artists for a glittering reception in a Berlin ballroom
          












          Wonder in white! Eiza Gonzalez shows off toned tummy in crop top and floral skirt for shopping trip in LA
          
          The Mexican actress looked stunning
        











          Game of Thrones creators admit new slavery series Confederate is 'weapons grade material' after massive backlash 
          












          Baby makes three! The Power star Naturi Naughton gives birth to first child with boyfriend Ben
          
          Became parents to a baby girl on July 19 
        











          'I'm grateful it happened later!' Bryan Cranston, 61, reveals he is happy to have found  fame in his fifties
          
          Opened up about his hard-earned success 
        











          PICTURED: Kevin Hart is seen getting close to 'Miami singer Monique' in a car at 5am as his pregnant wife is absent... but he denies any foul play
          












          'I call him pops': Dan Steven teases possible Patrick Stewart cameo as second season of Legion unveiled at Comic-Con
          
          Exciting prospect
        











          What a coincidence! Kim Kardashian tweets about new beauty line...right as  O.J. Simpson is granted parole
          
          Simultaneous tweets
        











          Cara Delevingne flashes her cleavage in a plunging velvet trouser suit as she heads out in NYC amid Bond Girl rumors
          
          Acting career is taking off
        











          Next! Tyga steps out with new mystery blonde in New York City... after saying he's 'not in love no more' with Kylie Jenner
          
          Moved on for now
        











          The return of Game of Thrones was so popular that the number of people viewing internet porn dropped 
          
          The seventh series has premiere
        











          Cookie sets if off! Taraji P. Henson fires guns and crashes cars as she dons blonde wig for femme fatale role in Proud Mary trailer
          
          Plays a trained killer 
        











          She's a keeper! Eva Longoria, 42, displays her jaw-dropping curves in a skimpy pink bikini as she sips beer and plays soccer on Ibiza beach
          












          OJ Simpson granted parole after nine years with former football star, 70, set to walk free in October
          
          Nevada Parole Board voted unanimously 
        











          Liam Payne gives his fans a treat by posing with them on the streets of NYC... as he insists that he and Cheryl will not be spoiling their son Bear
          












          Daisy's star quality shines through: Actress tells all about appearing in Kenneth Branagh's all-star film version of Murder On The Orient Express
          












          Joseph Gordon-Levitt and wife Tasha McCauley welcome second child together
          
          Couple, who wed in 2014, also have a son who is almost 2
        











          Kate Moss, 43, joins her toyboy boyfriend Count Nikolai von Bismarck, 30, for a romantic date night at the theater in London
          
          Headed out together 
        











          Bright stars! Australian actors Joel Edgerton and Lucy Fry join Will Smith in launching Netflix's first blockbuster film trailer at San Diego Comic-Con
          












          Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump go jet skiing, then soak up some rays while lounging on a yacht, before heading to the Italian island of Elba 
          












          Carmen Electra granted restraining order against 'madly in love' stalker who kept notebook of personal information on former Baywatch star
          












          Simply the chest! Suki Waterhouse goes braless is seriously daring wrap dress as she puts on leggy display in New York
          
          Out to turn heads 
        











          Beach babe! Christina Milian is a natural beauty in a blue bikini while enjoying some fun in the Miami sun
          
          The singer showed off her killer curves
        











          Pitch-er perfect! Rebel Wilson is casual cool in sangria-coloured top on New York set of latest flick Isn't It Romantic
          
          The 37-year-old actress looked glamorous
        











          Harry Potter fans in meltdown as TWO new books are set to be released to coincide with the 20th anniversary of the launch of the series
          












          Moody Lana Del Rey's still glad to be sad: Stylish, but no surprises on singer's new album Lust For Life 
          
          Deviates only slightly from her original sound 
        











          Mystery man revealed! Bikini-clad Lily Collins cozies up to former classmate Jason Vahn as they soak up the sun in Italy together 
          
          Loved-up 
        











          'Ask for help when you need it and take it day by day': Giada De Laurentiis talks being a working single parent... as she shares genius cooking trick
          












          Effortlessly chic! Transgender model Andreja Pejic cuts a stunning figure in black maxi dress as she picks up groceries in New York
          












          'She said "Life's too f***ing short"': Louis Tomlinson reveals late mum Johannah's dying wish was for him to reconcile with Zayn Malik 
          












          Karolina Kurkova flashes her cleavage in a scooped vest top and skinny jeans as she makes stylish outing in NYC
          
          Czech supermodel
        











          Ready for baby! Jamie-Lynn Sigler shows off her growing bump in flowing bohemian top as she steps out after announcing pregnancy
          












          Top Chef star Barbara Lynch, 53, faces OUI charge from crashing into a parked truck at 4am after 'few glasses of wine' in Massachusetts
          












          EXCLUSIVE: No prison for billionaire father of Gigi and Bella Hadid - he gets 'slap on wrist' after pleading 'no contest' to violating building regulations on mansion
          












          Getting away from it all: Joanna Krupa hits beach in Greece in wake of lawsuit against Brandi Glanville and divorce filing from ex Romain Zago
          












          Beach beauties! Get inspired for YOUR vacation by copying the hair and make-up looks of A-list jetsetters like Emily Ratajkowski and Joan Smalls
          












          'She's doing well': Nikki Blonsky gives update on Hairspray co-star Amanda Bynes adding 'she's getting ready to act' on 10-year anniversary of movie
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Judge orders Brandi Glanville to cough up financial records after Joanna Krupa claimed rival lied about being broke to avoid 'p****' slur pay out
          












          That's cheeky! Bianca Elouise flaunts her VERY shapely derrière in a plunging high-cut swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in Miami Beach
          












          Is Harry ready to pop the question? Magazine claims prince could propose to Meghan as early as NEXT MONTH - and is having 'ring made at royal jeweler'
          












          Angelic! Jenna Dewan dons white dress in NY after celebrating eight years of marriage to Channing Tatum
          
          The 36-year-old showcased her figure 
        











          Great Scott! Kourtney Kardashian's ex Disick caresses and puts his arm around stunning brunette in NYC... after  partying with  Bella Thorne
          












          'I wanna be a good role model': Aaron Carter reveals his dream of marriage and children with girlfriend Madison Parker following DUI arrest
          












          Hot in the city! Hailey Baldwin, 20, shows her tan lines as she sizzles in off-the-shoulder yellow dress on a night out with a gal pal in New York City
          












          Double takes! Charlize Theron flashes legs in TWO sexy outfits...after revealing she was fired from movie Chicago and replaced by Renée Zellweger
          












          'She's a master manipulator': Blac Chyna's ex Pilot Jones paints a negative picture of Rob Kardashian's former fiance
          
          Revealing interview
        











          Vive la France! Celine Dion munches on fries at the Ritz, sails the Seine, and plays the ultimate diva as she prances through Paris in new Vogue video
          












          Family fun! Kourtney Kardashian spends quality time with kids Mason, Penelope and Reign in Nantucket... as ex Scott Disick parties in NYC
          












          Tyga talks ex Kylie Jenner, reveals he warned Rob about Blac Chyna's 'game' and suggests Kardashians planted negative press to ruin his reputation
          












          'We have a very passionate love affair': Luann de Lesseps says all is good with husband adding 'we never go to bed angry'... after slap rumor
          












          Just another New Yorker! Olivia Wilde waits for subway... after admitting she was 'honored' Jennifer Lawrence vomited during her play
          












          Julianne Hough celebrates turning 28 by posting topless snap... as she cozies up to her new husband Brooks Laich on their idyllic Seychelles honeymoon
          












          Happiest place on Earth! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay slips into her Daisy Duke shorts to have a ball with her girlfriends at Disneyland 
          
          Beautiful lawyer, 31
        











          Come here, you! Laughing Gerard Butler cuddles up to a female friend as he jokes around with pals at a beach club on Spanish island of Ibiza
          












          Sealed with a kiss! Katharine McPhee passionately locks lips with new beau Nick Harborne
          
          Packed on the PDA  in West Hollywood 
        











          'I'm proud of who I am!' YouTube singing sensation Greyson Chance, signed by Ellen DeGeneres when he was just 12, comes out as gay
          












          'I did it for America!': Diane Kruger plays Trumps counselor Kellyanne Conway in hilarious Lifetime movie spoof for Funny Or Die
          
          Parody video
        









 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Dramatic moment hero Starbucks customer thwarts robber armed with a knife and hospitalizes the crook





John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at...





'I've got complete power to pardon': Trump defends Don Jr. and undermines embattled Jeff Sessions in raging...





Boy, 5, who went viral after receiving a heart transplant, dies just one month after he was finally released...





Top general says Russians could force US out of Syria, as Congress strikes deal to slap them with new...





Cops rescue underage girl from locked-up New York City bar after she passed out in the bathroom





How this magical monkey selfie ruined my life: British wildlife photographer says image published 50 million...





Hunt is on for wild monkey in Texas after it jumped into a truck and 'attacked' a teenage girl





German girl, 16, found in Mosul who became ISIS bride and 'admitted killing soldiers' may face trial in...





'It's absolutely sickening': Justine Damond's family outraged over claims she may have been on drugs when...





Chaos in Minneapolis: Angry protesters shut down mayor’s press conference as police chief RESIGNS over death...





Iran reveals production line of new missile it says can shoot down stealth fighter jets 75 miles away 





EXCLUSIVE: Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer spotted getting some early morning air with his rescue dog,...





Trump speaks at the commissioning of $12.9 billion warship which he calls 'the newest, largest and most...





Steve Bannon has 'largely disappeared' from Trump's inner circle for 'self preservation', report claims





Donald Trump Jr and Paul Manafort cut a deal to talk to Senate panel in private and avoid a public hearing...





'These end-of-life choices are never easy': John McCain rival urges the senator to step down after 'grim'...





The new face of Topshop? Jeremy Meeks poses in Sir Phillip Green's LA shop window as gleeful heiress...





Crab fishing boat that sank in the waters where 'Deadliest Catch' is filmed is recovered five months after...





Top general says LEAKS to the New York Times are the reason ISIS leader al-Baghdadi escaped US forces and is...





'We spent our whole lives searching for them without stopping': Family finally bury husband and wife whose...





Hero seven-year-old girl takes the wheel after her dad 'overdoses and falls unconscious' while driving in...





'He always had a smile on his face': Friends remember 19-year-old college student who was the first of four...





Mamma Mia! Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump soak up the sun in a last minute sunbathing session as...





Woman, 20, is arrested 'for having sex with a 14-year-old boy she met through a coworker'





Britons among thousands of tourists forced to flee into the streets of Kos as a powerful aftershock rocks...





Eighteen-year-old cheerleader is charged with 'killing her newborn baby and burying it in her backyard'...





You 'SLAUGHTERED THEM': Governor Chris Christie maintains that OJ Simpson was behind the slashing deaths of...





Chester Bennington's wife holds hands with her six-year-old daughter after the Linkin Park frontman...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            Chester Bennington's wife holds hands with her six-year-old daughter after the Linkin Park frontman committed suicide at home following battle with depression
            



 
            How this magical monkey selfie ruined my life: British wildlife photographer says image published 50 million times cost him his life savings and marked the end of his award-winning career
            



 
            John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at California hotel'
            



 
            Eighteen-year-old cheerleader is charged with 'killing her newborn baby and burying it in her backyard' after cops found the child's body following a tip from her doctor
            



 
            Melissa McCarthy's impression was 'over the line' and I quit because there are 'too many cooks' in the White House, says Spicer as Trump praises him as a 'wonderful person who took tremendous abuse'
            



 
            Chaos in Minneapolis: Angry protesters shut down mayor’s press conference as police chief RESIGNS over death of bride-to-be Justine Damond at hands of 'startled' cop
            



 
            Pulitzer Prize winning Wall Street Journal reporter, 34, is found dead in his Manhattan home after he failed to turn up for work
            



 
            Orphan who's Bob Geldof's greatest success: Tiger Lily whose rock star father killed himself when she was a baby and mum Paula Yates died of a drug overdose celebrates turning 21
            



 
            ISIS fighters dress up as WOMEN with make-up and padded bras in desperate bid to flee Mosul - but are caught after neglecting to trim their facial hair! 
            



 
            Delta hits out at Jennifer Aniston for appearing in commercial for Dubai-based competitor airline Emirates in staff video
            



 
            Mother and daughter horribly scarred in brutal acid attack in India STILL live with attacker - because they are too poor and 'shamed' to live on their own
            



 
            Back in the old neighborhood! Melania is all smiles as she leaves Trump Tower in Manhattan after moving to DC last month
            



 
            Massive eighty foot tall sand dunes threaten to SWALLOW UP homes on the banks of Lake Michigan
            



 
            New York Times reporter accuses white women of racism on city sidewalks for not making space for him when walking
            



 
            Billy goat's rough: 'Demon' baby goat is born with human-like features and protruding eyes in Argentina
            



 
            Jailed teacher who cheated on her firefighter husband with a 16-year-old student is now SUING the teen for defamation
            



 
            Scrubs creator Bill Lawrence and nine others are rescued after their sea plane CRASH lands in New York's East River in dramatic splash down that he caught on video
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Mel B's ex-nanny stole $300,000 from her and is threatening to release sex tapes of the former Spice Girl, claims attorney during bitter restraining order court sessions
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer spotted getting some early morning air with his rescue dog, billy, near his Virginia home one day after abruptly resigning from White House 
            



 
            Sean Spicer's greatest hits: Highlights from America's favorite bumbling press secretary
            



 
            Former home of Cher and Tony Curtis hits the market for a whopping $180 MILLION - just 10 months after it was sold for half that price tag
            



 
            'I've got complete power to pardon': Trump defends Don Jr. and undermines embattled Jeff Sessions in raging Twitter rant against Russia probe
            



 
            My loyal, royal subject: Anna Wintour's daughter Bee celebrates birthday with Hamilton-costume party that includes 30 theater cakes, Allison Williams and a serenade from Andrew Rannells
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL
















From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!



more











































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 





















	Prince Charles Specialty Products, Posters and Prints at Art.com









 True  







 We're Here to Help   Need a quick answer? You've come to the right place.




 Give us a call 

800-952-5592


 Live Chat
Open Chat Window



 Send us an Email
support@art.com
Write to us at support@art.com
and we'll respond as quickly as possible.








Find Answers
What can we help you with?


Help Overview
FAQ'sTrack Your OrderOrdering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders
Gift Certificates















































  /cdn 1710  > shop > People > By Last Name > P > Prince Charles > Specialty Products  
    NARROW RESULTSCLEAR ALLsubjectsPPrince Charlesproduct typesAll product typesSpecialty Products









     Sorry, no products match your filter.Go Back    Shop By Product Types          Back To Top        This segment of search results is from Artist Rising, an online community of independent artists. Artist Rising is a division of Art.com, Inc. Learn more about Artist RisingWorks By Independent Artists On  http://www.art.com/gallery/id--b181868/prince-charles-posters.htm?ui=517160C0BFEE4E958AD59908E0BECBA0FalseTrue





 












Art you love
straight to your inbox

Sign up now to get your exclusive discount.Email subscribers receive up to 40% off.
Please enter a valid email address.














A beautifully styledhome starts here...


SAVE 40%

Please enter a valid email address.













Filter 
 



Prince Charles' Herbal Products Stir Controversy - ABC News

























































































Menu

ABC News














Log In




















Prince Charles' Herbal Products Stir Controversy


By Dan Childs



Close




Follow on Twitter




More from Dan


ABC NEWS MEDICAL UNIT
March 13, 2009

0 Shares













Email





Star 



ABCNews Photo Illustration
0 Shares














Email 





In an unusual twist, a prominent U.K. scientist is accusing Prince Charles of contributing to the "ill health of the nation" by backing with his name an herbal detox product that sells for about $13.75 per bottle.

The crown prince is certainly not the first celebrity name to be associated with the worldwide detoxification trend. Still, the concerns expressed by Edzard Ernst, Britain's top complementary and alternative medicine expert and director of complementary medicine at the Peninsula Medical School, about the royal's involvement with the Duchy Originals product line reached beyond the country's shores this week.

The product in question is "Duchy Herbals Detox Tincture," which contains dandelion and artichoke extracts. The Duchy Originals Web site suggests that those using the formulation take a few drops of it with water twice a day to "help eliminate toxins and aid digestion."

Ernst, in his comments to the U.K. media, made clear that he believed the claims were unfounded.

"Under the banner of holistic and integrative health care, he promotes a 'quick fix' and outright quackery," Ernst told Britain's The Daily Mail newspaper Tuesday. "Prince Charles and his advisers seem to deliberately ignore science and prefer to rely on make-believe and superstition."

Ernst could not be reached for further comment. Meanwhile, Duchy Originals refused to comment on Ernst's tirade beyond a statement issued by CEO Andrew Baker shortly after his comments became public.

"There is no 'quackery,' no 'make-believe' and no 'superstition' in any of the Duchy Originals herbal tinctures," the statement reads. "We find it unfortunate that Professor Ernst should chase sensationalist headlines in this way rather than concentrating on accuracy and objectivity."

Baker further noted that the solution is marketed as a food supplement in accordance with all national and local laws and "has never been described as a medicine, remedy or cure for any disease."

While the fallout from Ernst's comments continues to polarize medical professionals and the public in the U.K., alternative medicine experts in the United States said that the situation underscores misconceptions that exist about detox in this country as well.


Detox May Be Getting a Bad Rap

Mark Blumenthal, founder and executive director of the Austin, Texas-based herbal medicine think-tank American Botanical Council, said that part of the thrust behind the detox movement is the idea that the food supply and environment of today expose people to higher levels of chemicals and pollutants than in the past.

"Many people -- rationally or irrationally, correctly or not -- believe strongly that they must detoxify their bodies to give themselves that extra edge to get rid of [these chemicals]," he said. "There is probably a healthy and rational basis for some of this, though some people take it a bit too far."

And Dr. Roberta Lee, vice chair of the Department of Integrative Medicine at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City, said detoxification as a concept may be getting an undeservedly bad rap.

"Detoxification is a natural process that occurs in the body, though it is not labeled as such in the medical profession," she said. "The idea that detox is a silly notion, I think, is a fallacy."

The Truth Behind Detox

One thing that is clear about detox, however, is that it is a lucrative concept. In a herbal and nutritional supplement industry that reaps an estimated $23 billion in sales in the United States each year, "detox" is the new hot-button term. Celebrities openly adhere to and advocate a variety of detox diets, while treatments that purport to cleanse blood, liver and bowels line the shelves of supplement stores throughout the country.

Blumenthal noted, though, that Prince Charles may have come about his advocacy of herbal products honestly.

"Prince Charles and his whole family have been using homeopathy for three generations," he said. "Prince Charles grew up in a family in which natural medicine was the norm."

Indeed, detoxification is far from a new idea; Blumenthal added that the basic concept of flushing unhealthy substances from the body goes back 150 years or more. And in its purest form, Lee said, it is not an unhealthy proposition.


Detox Is No 'Get-Out-of-Jail-Free' Card

"Detox is about changing the diet, eating good food," she said. "It's a matter of how we frame it."

But Blumenthal and Lee agreed that all too often, people view detox as a "get-out-of-jail-free" card for indulgence in unhealthy behaviors. And, occasionally, an ill-conceived detox plan can be even more unhealthy than the behaviors that spurred it.

"Depending on how extreme [a detox strategy] is, there can be risks of that kind of approach," Blumenthal said, citing, for instance, one well-known "cleanse" plan in which an individual consumes nothing but a mixture of water, lemon juice and maple syrup for days on end.

"For some people, this may be totally contraindicated," he said. "People need to apply these things with common sense."

And he said this argument may have been what prompted the comments from Ernst, who, incidentally, was the 2006 recipient of the American Botanical Council's Norman R. Farnsworth Botanical Research Award.

"What he is saying here is that the notion that people might be able to detox as an excuse to continue non-healthy lifestyles is the wrong idea," Blumenthal said.

Still, many medical scientists in the U.K. are using the comments to launch an all-out attack on detox. Tom Wells of the Voice of Young Science network, which includes more than 300 early-career medical researchers, issued a statement on the group's Web site that further chastised the prominent royal's involvement in the product line.

"It seems outrageous for companies to be making money selling meaningless products, but for the heir to the throne to be doing so, at 10 pounds a pop, is even more inappropriate," Wells' statement reads. "We'd like to see an end to detox products on the British high street, starting with Prince Charles' detox tincture."

Voice of Young Science network has underscored its position by distributing "Debunking Detox" leaflets in London in the past week.

Simply Detox or a Healthier Lifestyle?

Lee finds fault with an all-out war on detox, saying the medical community should strive to be more open to dialogue with patients and the botanical community about legitimate detox strategies.


A Growing Divide Between Doctors and Detoxers

"I don't think that you can use a tincture for activity at the level of pharmaceuticals, but certainly there are animal trials that suggest that there is some activity there," she said. "This is not an entirely unfounded claim."

And she said she believes Ernst's statements may have widened the gulf between doctors and consumers of these products.

"I think that we all have to agree that being an open-minded skeptic is a reasonable thing for every scientist," she said. "But I think that housing [criticisms] in a language that does not allow room for discussion is not helpful."

Esther Young contributed to this report.











 "   Prince Charles' Herbs 'Outright Quackery'?      +Underground Abortions Are Still Reality  +Celebs' Unusual Health Remedy Countdown    "   Formerly Conjoined Twins Get Send-Off at Hospital Where They Were Separated       "   CDC Issues New Vaccine Guidelines for Adults       "   Facebook Post Helps Toddler Get Kidney From Parents' Former HS Classmate        "   Flu Takes a Toll in NYC, With 4 Children Reported Dead       "   Mumps Outbreak Reaches 367 Cases in Washington State       "   Girl Surprised With Super Bowl Tickets After Being Treated for Rare Cancer       "   In Chicago, Witnesses to Violence Turn to First Aid to Save Lives       "   6-Year-Old Girls Link Intelligence to Men Over Women, Study Says       "   Avian Flu Outbreaks Raise Concerns About Possible Pandemic        "   Seoul Virus Spread by Pet Rats Under Investigation in Multiple States         Teacher Aide Accused of Faking Cancer to Hide Criminal Past       "   More Chronically Ill Patients Have Health Insurance After ACA, Study Finds       "   11-Year-Old Boy Is One of the Youngest to Get Artificial Heart       "   Trump in Twitter tirade blasts 'leak' on Sessions and notes presidential power to pardon       "   Russian spies' New Jersey home heading for sale       "   Kushner discloses additional $10M in assets       "   Republicans embrace tax hike targeting Democratic states       "   Sky's the limit for baseball player, 11, born without his left hand       "   Single mom inspires others with viral post encouraging co-parenting       "   Bride's dad makes cardboard cutout of her dog so he can attend wedding       "   Woman, granddaughter undergo successful kidney transplant       "   Grandma and granddaughter will rock same dress to family wedding       "   Texas family seeks owners of vintage wedding photo found in garage       "   Couple's 'Goodwill Date Night' goes viral       "   London Zoo welcomes a new kind of visitor: Robotic dinosaurs       "   Moon dust heading to auction after galactic court battle     





































 



Prince Charles' Herbal Products Stir Controversy - ABC News

























































































Menu

ABC News














Log In




















Prince Charles' Herbal Products Stir Controversy


By Dan Childs



Close




Follow on Twitter




More from Dan


ABC NEWS MEDICAL UNIT
March 13, 2009

0 Shares













Email





Star 



ABCNews Photo Illustration
0 Shares














Email 





In an unusual twist, a prominent U.K. scientist is accusing Prince Charles of contributing to the "ill health of the nation" by backing with his name an herbal detox product that sells for about $13.75 per bottle.

The crown prince is certainly not the first celebrity name to be associated with the worldwide detoxification trend. Still, the concerns expressed by Edzard Ernst, Britain's top complementary and alternative medicine expert and director of complementary medicine at the Peninsula Medical School, about the royal's involvement with the Duchy Originals product line reached beyond the country's shores this week.

The product in question is "Duchy Herbals Detox Tincture," which contains dandelion and artichoke extracts. The Duchy Originals Web site suggests that those using the formulation take a few drops of it with water twice a day to "help eliminate toxins and aid digestion."

Ernst, in his comments to the U.K. media, made clear that he believed the claims were unfounded.

"Under the banner of holistic and integrative health care, he promotes a 'quick fix' and outright quackery," Ernst told Britain's The Daily Mail newspaper Tuesday. "Prince Charles and his advisers seem to deliberately ignore science and prefer to rely on make-believe and superstition."

Ernst could not be reached for further comment. Meanwhile, Duchy Originals refused to comment on Ernst's tirade beyond a statement issued by CEO Andrew Baker shortly after his comments became public.

"There is no 'quackery,' no 'make-believe' and no 'superstition' in any of the Duchy Originals herbal tinctures," the statement reads. "We find it unfortunate that Professor Ernst should chase sensationalist headlines in this way rather than concentrating on accuracy and objectivity."

Baker further noted that the solution is marketed as a food supplement in accordance with all national and local laws and "has never been described as a medicine, remedy or cure for any disease."

While the fallout from Ernst's comments continues to polarize medical professionals and the public in the U.K., alternative medicine experts in the United States said that the situation underscores misconceptions that exist about detox in this country as well.


Detox May Be Getting a Bad Rap

Mark Blumenthal, founder and executive director of the Austin, Texas-based herbal medicine think-tank American Botanical Council, said that part of the thrust behind the detox movement is the idea that the food supply and environment of today expose people to higher levels of chemicals and pollutants than in the past.

"Many people -- rationally or irrationally, correctly or not -- believe strongly that they must detoxify their bodies to give themselves that extra edge to get rid of [these chemicals]," he said. "There is probably a healthy and rational basis for some of this, though some people take it a bit too far."

And Dr. Roberta Lee, vice chair of the Department of Integrative Medicine at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City, said detoxification as a concept may be getting an undeservedly bad rap.

"Detoxification is a natural process that occurs in the body, though it is not labeled as such in the medical profession," she said. "The idea that detox is a silly notion, I think, is a fallacy."

The Truth Behind Detox

One thing that is clear about detox, however, is that it is a lucrative concept. In a herbal and nutritional supplement industry that reaps an estimated $23 billion in sales in the United States each year, "detox" is the new hot-button term. Celebrities openly adhere to and advocate a variety of detox diets, while treatments that purport to cleanse blood, liver and bowels line the shelves of supplement stores throughout the country.

Blumenthal noted, though, that Prince Charles may have come about his advocacy of herbal products honestly.

"Prince Charles and his whole family have been using homeopathy for three generations," he said. "Prince Charles grew up in a family in which natural medicine was the norm."

Indeed, detoxification is far from a new idea; Blumenthal added that the basic concept of flushing unhealthy substances from the body goes back 150 years or more. And in its purest form, Lee said, it is not an unhealthy proposition.


Detox Is No 'Get-Out-of-Jail-Free' Card

"Detox is about changing the diet, eating good food," she said. "It's a matter of how we frame it."

But Blumenthal and Lee agreed that all too often, people view detox as a "get-out-of-jail-free" card for indulgence in unhealthy behaviors. And, occasionally, an ill-conceived detox plan can be even more unhealthy than the behaviors that spurred it.

"Depending on how extreme [a detox strategy] is, there can be risks of that kind of approach," Blumenthal said, citing, for instance, one well-known "cleanse" plan in which an individual consumes nothing but a mixture of water, lemon juice and maple syrup for days on end.

"For some people, this may be totally contraindicated," he said. "People need to apply these things with common sense."

And he said this argument may have been what prompted the comments from Ernst, who, incidentally, was the 2006 recipient of the American Botanical Council's Norman R. Farnsworth Botanical Research Award.

"What he is saying here is that the notion that people might be able to detox as an excuse to continue non-healthy lifestyles is the wrong idea," Blumenthal said.

Still, many medical scientists in the U.K. are using the comments to launch an all-out attack on detox. Tom Wells of the Voice of Young Science network, which includes more than 300 early-career medical researchers, issued a statement on the group's Web site that further chastised the prominent royal's involvement in the product line.

"It seems outrageous for companies to be making money selling meaningless products, but for the heir to the throne to be doing so, at 10 pounds a pop, is even more inappropriate," Wells' statement reads. "We'd like to see an end to detox products on the British high street, starting with Prince Charles' detox tincture."

Voice of Young Science network has underscored its position by distributing "Debunking Detox" leaflets in London in the past week.

Simply Detox or a Healthier Lifestyle?

Lee finds fault with an all-out war on detox, saying the medical community should strive to be more open to dialogue with patients and the botanical community about legitimate detox strategies.


A Growing Divide Between Doctors and Detoxers

"I don't think that you can use a tincture for activity at the level of pharmaceuticals, but certainly there are animal trials that suggest that there is some activity there," she said. "This is not an entirely unfounded claim."

And she said she believes Ernst's statements may have widened the gulf between doctors and consumers of these products.

"I think that we all have to agree that being an open-minded skeptic is a reasonable thing for every scientist," she said. "But I think that housing [criticisms] in a language that does not allow room for discussion is not helpful."

Esther Young contributed to this report.











 "   Prince Charles' Herbs 'Outright Quackery'?      +Underground Abortions Are Still Reality  +Celebs' Unusual Health Remedy Countdown    "   Formerly Conjoined Twins Get Send-Off at Hospital Where They Were Separated       "   CDC Issues New Vaccine Guidelines for Adults       "   Facebook Post Helps Toddler Get Kidney From Parents' Former HS Classmate        "   Flu Takes a Toll in NYC, With 4 Children Reported Dead       "   Mumps Outbreak Reaches 367 Cases in Washington State       "   Girl Surprised With Super Bowl Tickets After Being Treated for Rare Cancer       "   In Chicago, Witnesses to Violence Turn to First Aid to Save Lives       "   6-Year-Old Girls Link Intelligence to Men Over Women, Study Says       "   Avian Flu Outbreaks Raise Concerns About Possible Pandemic        "   Seoul Virus Spread by Pet Rats Under Investigation in Multiple States         Teacher Aide Accused of Faking Cancer to Hide Criminal Past       "   More Chronically Ill Patients Have Health Insurance After ACA, Study Finds       "   11-Year-Old Boy Is One of the Youngest to Get Artificial Heart       "   Trump in Twitter tirade blasts 'leak' on Sessions and notes presidential power to pardon       "   Russian spies' New Jersey home heading for sale       "   Kushner discloses additional $10M in assets       "   Republicans embrace tax hike targeting Democratic states       "   Sky's the limit for baseball player, 11, born without his left hand       "   Single mom inspires others with viral post encouraging co-parenting       "   Bride's dad makes cardboard cutout of her dog so he can attend wedding       "   Woman, granddaughter undergo successful kidney transplant       "   Grandma and granddaughter will rock same dress to family wedding       "   Texas family seeks owners of vintage wedding photo found in garage       "   Couple's 'Goodwill Date Night' goes viral       "   London Zoo welcomes a new kind of visitor: Robotic dinosaurs       "   Moon dust heading to auction after galactic court battle     








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























