

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














KKR Prisma: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:47 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of KKR Prisma



Snapshot People




Company Overview
KKR Prisma is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also provides its services to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, insurance companies, and institutional investors. The firm launches and manages fund-of-hedge funds for its clients. It also manages separately managed accounts for clients. The firm invests in equity, fixed income, and alternative investment markets across the globe. For its equity investments, it invests in equity long/short, equity market neutral, equity-event strategies, and equity short bias strategies. For its fixed income investments, the firm invests within distressed ...
KKR Prisma is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also provides its services to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, insurance companies, and institutional investors. The firm launches and manages fund-of-hedge funds for its clients. It also manages separately managed accounts for clients. The firm invests in equity, fixed income, and alternative investment markets across the globe. For its equity investments, it invests in equity long/short, equity market neutral, equity-event strategies, and equity short bias strategies. For its fixed income investments, the firm invests within distressed credit, corporate restructurings, asset-backed securities, special situations, direct lending, convertible bond arbitrage, and other opportunistic credit sub-strategies. It also uses low volatility, multi-strategy, opportunistic, relative value, macro strategies to make its investments. The firm also manages feeder funds. It employs a combination of qualitative and quantitative analysis, with a focus on top down and bottom up approach, to make its investments. The firm obtains external research to complement its in-house research. It was formerly known as Prisma Capital Partners LP. The firm was founded in 2004 and is based in New York City with an additional office in Louisville, Kentucky. KKR Prisma operates as a subsidiary of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. As of June 1, 2017, KKR Prisma operates as a subsidiary of Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company, LLC.
Detailed Description


9 West 57th StreetNew York, NY 10119United StatesFounded in 2004



Phone: 212-590-0800

Fax: 212-590-0810

www.kkr.com/businesses/public-markets/kkr-prisma







Key Executives for KKR Prisma




Mr. Girish Venkat Reddy CFA


      	Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Director
      








Mr. Gavyn Davies Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder and Senior Advisor
      


Age: 67
        







Mr. Francis Joseph Conroy CPA


      	Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      








Dr. Emanuel Derman Ph.D.


      	Head of Risk
      








Ms. Helenmarie Rodgers


      	Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

KKR Prisma Key Developments

Prisma Capital Partners Presents at Managed Funds Association Forum 2017, Jun-20-2017 09:30 AM
Jun 13 17
Prisma Capital Partners Presents at Managed Funds Association Forum 2017, Jun-20-2017 09:30 AM. Venue: Four Seasons Hotel Chicago, Chicago, Illinois, United States. Speakers: Jackie Jackie, Managing Director, Portfolio Manager.


KKR Prisma Presents at 10th Annual Asian Hedge Fund Forum, Mar-30-2017 09:30 AM
Mar 27 17
KKR Prisma Presents at 10th Annual Asian Hedge Fund Forum, Mar-30-2017 09:30 AM. Venue: Conrad Hong Kong, Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong Kong. Speakers: Peter Zakowich, Director and Portfolio Manager of International Strategies.


KKR Prisma Presents at Credit Suisse 20th Asian Investment Conference, Mar-30-2017 09:30 AM
Mar 25 17
KKR Prisma Presents at Credit Suisse 20th Asian Investment Conference, Mar-30-2017 09:30 AM. Venue: Conrad Hotel, Hong Kong. Speakers: Peter Zakowich, Director and Portfolio Manager of International Strategies.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      February 6, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact KKR Prisma, please visit www.kkr.com/businesses/public-markets/kkr-prisma.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Hedge Funds | KKR





































Languages


EnglishChinese 简体中文Japanese 日本語Korean 한국어










 
















Toggle navigation





MENU












































×
Drawbridge Realty Fund Investors


By clicking “OK” below, I acknowledge that I have read and understood the following important information:
Access to the KKR Investor Portal is provided to investors in Drawbridge Realty Partners, L.P. (the “Drawbridge Fund”) by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (together with its affiliates, “KKR”) solely in KKR’s capacity as an administrator to the Drawbridge Fund and at the direction of Drawbridge Realty (“Drawbridge”).  Information regarding the Drawbridge Fund accessed through the KKR Investor Portal is confidential and intended for Drawbridge Fund investors only.  The recipient should not distribute this Communication to any person (other than its legal, investment or tax advisors) without the prior consent of Drawbridge.
Drawbridge is an independently managed real estate investment vehicle. KKR has a financial and/or control interest in, and provides certain services to the Drawbridge Fund and/or its sponsor, but KKR is not the investment advisor to the Drawbridge Fund or any portfolio investment of the Drawbridge Fund. Further, KKR is under no obligation to provide the Drawbridge Fund with investment opportunities and in many cases will be prohibited from doing so by KKR’s internal policies and procedures.  No person should rely upon the past performance or reputation of KKR or its investment products when considering any security offered by the Drawbridge Fund or Drawbridge. 

OK






Hedge Funds












 Email
 LinkedIn
 Twitter
 Facebook













 Email
 LinkedIn
 Twitter
 Facebook
















KKR has established strategic partnerships with seasoned hedge fund managers, as well as early stage firms. We believe that these strategic partnerships provide our investors with access to a differentiated and diversified mix of hedge fund and liquid alternatives offerings that complement our core investments strategies. 
Our strategic partnerships include:
PAAMCO Prisma: In 2017, we entered into a strategic transaction to create PAAMCO Prisma, a new liquid alternatives investment firm that combined the businesses of PAAMCO and Prisma Capital Partners. We retained a significant minority interest as a long-term strategic partner. PAAMCO Prisma is one of the largest liquid alternatives firms globally and, with a breadth of products and capabilities that span the liquid alternatives spectrum, is well positioned to continue to deliver highly-differentiated customized solutions to its clients.
Marshall Wace: In 2015, we entered into a long-term strategic partnership with Marshall Wace, a global alternative investment manager specializing in long/short equity products, and acquired a meaningful long-term minority interest in the business. Marshall Wace has a strong track record of innovation and investment success, and the partnership is predicated on the firms’ strong traditions of investing expertise, innovation, entrepreneurship and cultural alignment.
Nephila Capital: In 2013, we entered into a strategic partnership with Nephila Capital, a Bermuda-based investment manager specializing in reinsurance risk, including insurance-linked securities, catastrophe bonds and weather derivatives.  Through its investments, Nephila provides capital relief to primary insurers, reinsurers and state governments in catastrophe-prone areas, giving them the flexibility to write additional insurance for homeowners and businesses.
In addition to the above strategic partnerships, KKR has also established relationships with select early stage or specialized managers, which include our partnerships with BlackGold Capital Management and Acion Partners. 











  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Home - Prisma
























































































 
 
 







Home
















PAAMCO Prisma has a history of innovation spanning liquid alternative strategies
We work to provide active investment solutions to institutions worldwide


 



 


Our team is dedicated to offering customized multi-manager hedge fund solutions and differentiated alpha opportunities through co-investments and high conviction trades to institutional investors.




In 2004, the founding partners sought to create a firm that would systematically address, with experienced individuals and institutional quality processes, the investment requirements of sophisticated investors.
A multi-billion dollar firm, Prisma is headquartered in New York and has a team of approximately 70 employees, with investment professionals located in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Prisma services clients around the world, including large public and corporate pension plans, insurance companies, endowments and foundations and financial institutions.

 

Learn more about the PAAMCO Prisma partnership.Learn More

 






 


Our team is dedicated to offering customized multi-manager hedge fund solutions and differentiated alpha opportunities through co-investments and high conviction trades to institutional investors.

 



In 2004, the founding partners sought to create a firm that would systematically address, with experienced individuals and institutional quality processes, the investment requirements of sophisticated investors.
A multi-billion dollar firm, Prisma is headquartered in New York and has a team of approximately 70 employees, with investment professionals located in North America, Europe, and Asia.
Prisma services clients around the world, including large public and corporate pension plans, insurance companies, endowments and foundations and financial institutions.

 

Learn more about the PAAMCO Prisma partnership.Learn More

 
































 



 






 


You will be redirected to the KKR Client Portal for account access.


 



Continue

 
 








 




NORTH AMERICA
Prisma Capital Partners LP9 West 57th StreetSuite 2600New York, New York 10019United States of America
Phone: +1 (212) 590-0800Email: InvestorRelations@paamcoprisma.com




 





EUROPE
Prisma Capital Management International LLP100 Pall MallLondon, SW1Y 5NQUnited Kingdom
Phone: +44 (0) 20 7318 1650




 
 
































Prisma Capital Partners LP                                                                                               - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Security Brokers and Dealers



Investment Firm, General Brokerage



                            Prisma Capital Partners LP
                                    



 





















P 


Prisma Capital Partners LP                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9 W 57TH ST FL 26 NEW YORK, NY 10019
Get Directions



(212) 590-0800
www.kkr.com                                                                                             





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $804,830.00
 Employee Count 70
 Industries Investment Firm, General Brokerage
 Contacts Girish Reddy                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Prisma Capital Partners Lp                                                                                               was founded in 2009. Prisma Capital Partners Lp                                                                                               specializes in Investment Firm, General Brokerage. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Prisma Capital Partners LP 10200 Forest Green Blvd Louisville, KY Investment Management - MapQuest







































































































    Prisma Capital Partners LP
  

10200 Forest Green Blvd

Louisville
KY
40223




 Reviews



(502) 515-3334
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























	PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS Trademark of Prisma Capital Partners LP. Serial Number: 78489006 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS










 
Get FREE email alerts













PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS  Trademark Information
 Prisma Capital Partners LP
investment management and advisory services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   management   advisory   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS trademark by Prisma Capital Partners LP 
                                in New York, NY, 10119.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Prisma Capital Partners LP of the PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS trademark.
                           






On Friday, September 24, 2004,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS by 
                        Prisma Capital Partners LP, New York, NY  10119.
                        The USPTO has given the PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS 
                        trademark serial  number of  78489006.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS is 
                        
                        
                                            LARRY MILLER of 
                                            845 Third Avenue,  11th Floor, New York NY 10022 
                                .
                            The PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS 
                            is investment management and advisory services. 
                            





Word mark:
 PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

5/12/2017



  Serial Number:  
78489006


  Filing Date:  
9/24/2004


 Registration Number:  
3154956 


 Registration Date:  
10/10/2006


 Goods and Services: 
investment management and advisory services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/27/2005


Last Applicant/Owner:

Prisma Capital Partners LPNew York, NY  10119
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Incomplete triangles (must have two angles) (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...


                                                    Triangles with bars, bands and lines (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...


                                                    Triangles that are completely or partially shaded  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...


                                                    Other lines, bands or bars (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (CAPITAL PARTNERS)


 Correspondent:


LARRY MILLER
845 Third Avenue
11th Floor
New York NY 10022






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
12/30/2004


First Use In Commerce: 
12/30/2004





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/12/2017
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LARRY MILLER


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search prismacapitalpartner on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS 




PRISMA CAPITAL PARTNERS is providing investment management and advisory services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















