






























Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) Position Increased by Private Advisor Group LLC - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Enterprise Products Partners L.P.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:PNC) Position Increased by Abbrea Capital LLC
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) Position Increased by Private Advisor Group LLC
MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) Position Maintained by Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC
Calavo Growers, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVGW) Position Increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
UBS AG Analysts Give Diageo plc (LON:DGE) a GBX 2,450 Price Target
Zions Bancorporation (NASDAQ:ZION) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Reiterates Buy Rating for Hunting plc (LON:HTG)
ITE Group plc’s (LON:ITE) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Investec
Go-Ahead Group plc (LON:GOG) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital
Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) PT Raised to $40.00
Guggenheim Downgrades Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) to Neutral
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY) PT Raised to $98.00
Equities Analysts Set Expectations for AGF Management Limited’s FY2017 Earnings (AGF)
SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX)
Finjan Holdings (NASDAQ:FNJN) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Accern Reports
GoDaddy (NYSE:GDDY) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
H&E Equipment Services (NASDAQ:HEES) versus PRA Group (PRAA) Head to Head Analysis
Voya Emerging Markets High Div Equity Fd (NYSE:IHD) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34
Contrasting Ruth’s Hospitality Group (RUTH) & Texas Roadhouse (NASDAQ:TXRH)
U.S. Global Investors (NASDAQ:GROW) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31







Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) Position Increased by Private Advisor Group LLC


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Private Advisor Group LLC increased its stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 20.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 189,392 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 32,273 shares during the period. Private Advisor Group LLC’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $5,211,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Energy Income Partners LLC acquired a new position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $484,791,000.  Chickasaw Capital Management LLC boosted its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 40.5% in the first quarter. Chickasaw Capital Management LLC now owns 14,566,207 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $402,173,000 after buying an additional 4,202,364 shares during the last quarter.  Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 38.0% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 7,334,276 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $202,351,000 after buying an additional 2,018,930 shares during the last quarter.  American Century Companies Inc. boosted its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 18.2% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 6,964,325 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $192,285,000 after buying an additional 1,072,931 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP boosted its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 3.3% in the first quarter. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP now owns 32,686,057 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $902,446,000 after buying an additional 1,044,310 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  38.54% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Enterprise Products Partners L.P. alerts:



Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) traded up 0.33% on Monday, hitting $27.41. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,904,887 shares. The firm has a market cap of $58.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.19 and a beta of 0.89. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a one year low of $24.01 and a one year high of $30.25. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $26.93 and a 200 day moving average price of $27.49. 





Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a net margin of 10.31% and a return on equity of 11.73%. The company had revenue of $7.32 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.05 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.33 earnings per share. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s revenue for the quarter was up 46.3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts predict that  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.41 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 7th. Shareholders of record on Monday, July 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.42 per share. This is an increase from Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 6.13%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 27th. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s payout ratio is currently 133.87%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/private-advisor-group-llc-acquires-32273-shares-of-enterprise-products-partners-l-p-epd-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research firms have recently weighed in on EPD. Guggenheim began coverage on Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research note on Monday, April 17th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $32.00 target price for the company. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Vetr raised Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $31.42 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Macquarie  reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $32.00 target price on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating, seventeen have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $32.05.
About Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.







Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
























































Private Advisor Group, LLC Buys Hormel Foods Corp, iShares Core S&P Small-Cap, iShares Core ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Private Advisor Group, LLC Buys Hormel Foods Corp, iShares Core S&P Small-Cap, iShares Core ...


May 10, 2017, 09:38:07 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Private Advisor Group, LLCNew Purchases: FDN , AVB , CLNS , HUN, 4ETA, ABC, GDX, GWB, BYD, EWJ,Added Positions:HRL, IJR, IVV, AKS, BRK.B, IJH, VTV, BDX, HRS, KO,Reduced Positions:VTI, QQQ, TLT, FLOT, GLD, RWO, EMR, SHY, AGG, VV,Sold Out:SE, ETP, ETP, NRF, XOP, NSAM, RGR, GWL, RVT, CLI,For the details of Private Advisor Group, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Private+Advisor+Group%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Private Advisor Group, LLCVanguard Total Stock Market ( VTI ) - 997,462 shares, 3.77% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 6.97%Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 563,708 shares, 2.48% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.69%SPDR S&P 500 ( SPY ) - 317,521 shares, 2.34% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.26%iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap ( IJH ) - 358,147 shares, 1.62% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 40.16%PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1 ( QQQ ) - 381,465 shares, 1.58% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 15.15%New Purchase: First Trust DJ Internet Index Fund (FDN)Private Advisor Group, LLC initiated holdings in First Trust DJ Internet Index Fund. The purchase prices were between $79.83 and $88.4, with an estimated average price of $86.06. The stock is now traded at around $94.00. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.22%. The holdings were 79,711 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB)Private Advisor Group, LLC initiated holdings in AvalonBay Communities Inc. The purchase prices were between $169.61 and $186.75, with an estimated average price of $179.42. The stock is now traded at around $192.13. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.19%. The holdings were 140,781 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Huntsman Corp (HUN)Private Advisor Group, LLC initiated holdings in Huntsman Corp. The purchase prices were between $19.21 and $25.07, with an estimated average price of $21.51. The stock is now traded at around $25.12. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 14,846 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS)Private Advisor Group, LLC initiated holdings in Colony NorthStar Inc. The purchase prices were between $12.87 and $21.77, with an estimated average price of $14.6. The stock is now traded at around $13.14. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 196,343 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: VanEck Vectors Gold Miners (GDX)Private Advisor Group, LLC initiated holdings in VanEck Vectors Gold Miners. The purchase prices were between $20.92 and $25.57, with an estimated average price of $23.21. The stock is now traded at around $21.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 99,229 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB)Private Advisor Group, LLC initiated holdings in Great Western Bancorp Inc. The purchase prices were between $39.91 and $45.39, with an estimated average price of $43.06. The stock is now traded at around $40.74. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 199,874 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Hormel Foods Corp (HRL)Private Advisor Group, LLC added to the holdings in Hormel Foods Corp by 9368.71%. The purchase prices were between $34.15 and $37.87, with an estimated average price of $35.67. The stock is now traded at around $34.58. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.19%. The holdings were 1,033,320 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: iShares Core S&P Small-Cap (IJR)Private Advisor Group, LLC added to the holdings in iShares Core S&P Small-Cap by 184.84%. The purchase prices were between $67.46 and $140.6, with an estimated average price of $82.1. The stock is now traded at around $69.53. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.94%. The holdings were 763,652 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: iShares Core S&P 500 (IVV)Private Advisor Group, LLC added to the holdings in iShares Core S&P 500 by 113.11%. The purchase prices were between $224.99 and $241.22, with an estimated average price of $233.82. The stock is now traded at around $240.99. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.67%. The holdings were 318,685 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: AK Steel Holding Corp (AKS)Private Advisor Group, LLC added to the holdings in AK Steel Holding Corp by 4559.51%. The purchase prices were between $7.07 and $11.11, with an estimated average price of $8.56. The stock is now traded at around $5.87. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.61%. The holdings were 698,787 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.B)Private Advisor Group, LLC added to the holdings in Berkshire Hathaway Inc by 106.95%. The purchase prices were between $158.81 and $177.28, with an estimated average price of $167.31. The stock is now traded at around $163.46. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.61%. The holdings were 402,453 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap ( IJH )Private Advisor Group, LLC added to the holdings in iShares Core S&P Mid-Cap by 40.16%. The purchase prices were between $165.34 and $175.41, with an estimated average price of $170.12. The stock is now traded at around $172.27. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.46%. The holdings were 358,147 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: Spectra Energy Corp (SE)Private Advisor Group, LLC sold out the holdings in Spectra Energy Corp. The sale prices were between $40.68 and $43.45, with an estimated average price of $41.93.Sold Out: Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP)Private Advisor Group, LLC sold out the holdings in Energy Transfer Partners LP. The sale prices were between $31.41 and $37.45, with an estimated average price of $34.73.Sold Out: NorthStar Realty Finance Corp (NRF)Private Advisor Group, LLC sold out the holdings in NorthStar Realty Finance Corp. The sale prices were between $16.02 and $16.38, with an estimated average price of $16.2.Sold Out: Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP)Private Advisor Group, LLC sold out the holdings in Energy Transfer Partners LP. The sale prices were between $31.41 and $37.45, with an estimated average price of $34.73.Sold Out: SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explor & Product (XOP)Private Advisor Group, LLC sold out the holdings in SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explor & Product. The sale prices were between $35.17 and $42.21, with an estimated average price of $38.95.Sold Out: NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc (NSAM)Private Advisor Group, LLC sold out the holdings in NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc. The sale prices were between $15.69 and $16, with an estimated average price of $15.86.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 1 Warning Sign with HRL. Click here to check it out.HRL 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of HRLPeter Lynch Chart of HRLPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        VTI
                                    
, 

                                        AAPL
                                    
, 

                                        SPY
                                    
, 

                                        IJH
                                    
, 

                                        QQQ
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







European Stocks Follow Asia Lower on Technology Rout, Amazon Earnings Miss


						7/28/2017 06:36 AM
					



Zacks Podcast Highlights: Looking for Top REIT Investments? Start Here for Your Guide


						7/28/2017 04:36 AM
					



Weyerhaeuser (WY) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Lags on Revenue


						7/28/2017 03:42 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





VTI








100%



Rate It





AAPL








86%



Rate It





SPY








59%



Rate It





IJH








100%



Rate It





QQQ








73%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 About Us | Private Advisor Group  
         INVESTORS ADVISORS   (973) 538-7010    Menu ABOUT USHome WHO WE ARE ABOUT USABOUT USPrivate Advisor Group started its roots as Morristown Financial Group in 1997. It was founded by Patrick Sullivan and John Hyland, who saw the need for greater support for independent advisors. Recognizing that compliance can be a true burden, Patrick and John wanted to assist local advisors with outsourcing services so they could focus on their businesses. The group quickly gained a reputation for being vigilant in its risk management process and began attracting other successful advisors who aimed to outsource functions that did not add value to their practices, such as compliance and supervision.Today, Private Advisor Group is comprised of a network of advisors who can expect top-notch supervisory and compliance oversight, advocacy within the broker-dealer and beyond, and personal service from staff members who know their business intimately.MISSIONPrivate Advisor Group aims to be the best infrastructure support for hybrid independent advisors. By partnering with the largest independent broker-dealer, Private Advisor Group has the unique ability to provide exceptional compliance and supervisory oversight, high-touch customer service and an attractive economic model for its over 600 member advisors.VISIONOur vision is to continue to create an organization that cares deeply and passionately about our advisors, our employees and our communities. Our quest to continue to provide solutions for independent advisors will only be successful if we can continue to understand the needs and personal desires of each of these core constituents.Are you ready to join PAG?      First and Last Name (required) Email (required) Your Message Please leave this field empty.ABOUT USMEDIA RELATIONSPAG TEAMIN THE NEWSFIND A PAG ADVISORHEAR FROM PAG ADVISORS 






















Chaffey Breeze
















 
















 



  
 
 







Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads
Jul 27th, 2017
				Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network...   






Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations

							Jul 26th, 2017						 

							Caterpillar Inc. posted results that swept past expectations and increased its...   
 





Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands

							Jul 25th, 2017						 

							In Wisconsin, some workers at one company will soon have microchips implanted...   
 





Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials

							Jul 24th, 2017						 

							Late in 2017, Air France-KLM announced that it would be launching a new standalone...   
 





Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower

							Jul 23rd, 2017						 

							A U.S. federal agency ordered San Francisco-based Wells Fargo to re-hire the...   
 
 
 



Economy
China and U.S. Fail to Come to Agreement on Trade

					Jul 20th, 2017				





					China and the United States on Wednesday could not reach an agreement on major steps to lower the trade deficit in the U.S. with China, which has cast doubt over the security and economic relations...  
More »

Canadian Dollar Strengthens as Prices of Oil and Exports Rise
India Launches Ambitious Tax Reform
New Jobs Almost 50,000 Less than Expected
Debt in U.S. Households Returns
Retail Sales in U.S. Rise; Rebound in Consumer Prices
Jobs Market Rebounds, Adds Over 211,000 New Jobs
Governor Brown Signs Measure to Increase Gas Tax
Growth During First Quarter in U.S. Weakest in 36 Months




Health
Soda Tax in Cook Country Blocked by Judge

					Jul 1st, 2017				





					On Friday, a judge blocked the one cent per ounce tax in Cook County, Illinois on soda and other sweetened beverages until at least July 12. The tax would have gone into effect on July 1.
The...  
More »

Brazilian Beef Banned by U.S. Due to Concerns Over Safety
Overdose Treatment Has Increased in Price 680% in Three Years
Johnson & Johnson Expects Higher Results in Full Year 2017
Largest Bank in Ukraine Rescued by the State
Health Spending in U.S. Increased Nearly 6%
Athol Farm Meat Recalled by USDA
Aetna Pulling Out of Majority of Obamacare Exchanges
Italy Ready to Pass Legislation Pushing Vendors Not to Throw out Food




Business
Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads

					Jul 27th, 2017				





					Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network established...  
More »

Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations
Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands
Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials
Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower
China Open Rice Market to Exports from U.S.
Frontier Airlines Doubling Its Size
Benefits of Trading with FxPro MetaTrader 4 (FxPro MT4)
Earnings for UnitedHealth Increase 30%, Forecast Increased






Technology
China Tightens Controls for Online Videos

					Jun 23rd, 2017				





					Three popular internet services in China have been ordered by officials to stop streaming video following complaints by censors that it contained comments that were improper related to sensitive...  
More »

Personal Data of 200 Million Voters Has Been Leaked
Tech’s Biggest Names to Meet at the White House
Apple Makes $1 Billion Investment in Tech Fund
High Tech Ready to Help Fight Against Lost Luggage
PC Market Drops, But Not As Much As Expected
Report: Google to Release Smartphone in 2016
Facebook Threatening to Delete Its Synced Photos If Photo App Not Downloaded
“Hitler” References Among Most Popular in Reddit Comments




Education
Nebraska Department of Education Grant Seeks to Improve Opportunities for Students After High School

					Feb 10th, 2016				





					If we distill the education system down to a single fundamental principle, most would probably argue that our schools are supposed to teach and prepare children for a productive adulthood.
Schools...  
More »

US Education System: Technology and Diversity
Should America Stop Standardized Testing?
Does America Need Technology Education Standards?
Can We Ever Achieve Education Equality?
America Needs Special Education Teachers




 
 
























Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Tributary Capital Management LLC Has $9.64 Million Position in ILG Inc. (ILG)
Nuveen Mass Pre (NYSE:NMT) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.19
TerraForm Power, Inc. (NASDAQ:TERP) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
Maxwell Technologies (NASDAQ:MXWL) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.18
MutualFirst Financial Inc. (NASDAQ:MFSF) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp. (NYSE:TPVG) Stock Price
Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) a $17.00 Price Target
J. Alexander’s Holdings (JAX) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.19
Planet Payment (NASDAQ:PLPM) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Michael Kors Holdings Limited (NYSE:KORS) Given a $36.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts
Enzymotec (NASDAQ:ENZY) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Templeton Emerging Markets Fund (EMF) Stock Price
Allot Communications (NASDAQ:ALLT) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.19
Invesco Municipal Income Opportunities Trust (OIA) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.18
Wedbush Weighs in on TCF Financial Corporation’s Q3 2017 Earnings (TCF)
Novartis AG (NVS) Position Decreased by US Bancorp DE
Oakbrook Investments LLC Decreases Stake in Fortinet, Inc. (NASDAQ:FTNT)
Waters Corporation (NYSE:WAT) Expected to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.73 Per Share
Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Issued By Leerink Swann
Westlake Chemical Corporation (NYSE:WLK) Shares Sold by Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY



 
 







































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 Meet the PAG Team | Private Advisor Group  
         INVESTORS ADVISORS   (973) 538-7010    Menu PAG TEAMPAG TEAMWe are proud to have cultivated a team of professionals who share the same passion for what they do. Private Advisor Group’s talented associates are driven to help our member firms achieve the goals they desire and are ready to assist in any way they can.  Guy Adami Director, Advisor Advocacy   Petra Barone Director, Accounting and Commissions   Tim Byrne Transitions Specialist   Kyle Colwell Registered Principal   Julie Galbraith Compliance Liaison   Karen Hayes Marketing Associate   John “Jay” Hoh Transition Specialist   John Hyland Managing Director   Bob Koster Registered Principal   Charlie Latimer Director of National Recruiting   Klaudia Maslo Registered Principal   Jim Perhacs Managing Director   Danielle Petrullo Marketing Associate   Marci Rittie Director, Advisor Transitions   Abby Salameh Chief Marketing Officer   Annie Sullivan Transition Specialist   James Sullivan Managing Director   Kevin Sullivan Compliance Director   Patrick J. Sullivan Managing Director   Sean Sullivan RIA Registration, Legal Counsel   Mimi Tahan Transition Specialist   Bob Vogt Compliance Specialist   Dick Wagner Registered Principal   Independent Financial Advisor | Private Advisor Group     
         INVESTORS ADVISORS   (973) 538-7010     Menu HomeWho We ArePrivate Advisor Group is a unique provider of world class service, in depth risk management and forward thinking solutions for independent advisors. Built to support the distinct needs of financial advisors, Private Advisor Group can provide our advisors with the oversight and service they need regardless of how they decide to structure their business when they go independent. READ MORE >>Join UsIf you are seeking a community where you receive unparalleled support, risk management and an environment to grow and thrive, then you might be a good fit for Private Advisor Group. But, we would not want you to take our word for it. Hear what our network of independent advisors has to say about their experience working with us. WHEN ADVISORS GO INDEPENDENT >>In The NewsPrivate Advisor Group strives to transform the industry for independent financial advisors. Through the launch of new programs and initiatives that help advisors either grow or run their independent financial firm more efficiently, we have made headlines with our groundbreaking programs. Read some of the leading publications we have been mentioned in. READ HOW >>      First and Last Name (required)  Email (required)  Your Message  Please leave this field empty.   The 2017 Financial Times Top 300 Registered Investment Advisors is an independent listing produced by the Financial Times (June, 2017). The FT 300 is based on data gathered from RIA firms, regulatory disclosures, and the FT’s research. As identified by the FT, the listing reflected each practice’s performance in six primary areas, including assets under management, asset growth, compliance record, years in existence, credentials and accessibility. Neither the RIA firms nor their employees pay a fee to The Financial Times in exchange for inclusion in the FT 300.  Broker-Dealer | Investment Advisor | Private Advisor Group  
         INVESTORS ADVISORS   (973) 538-7010    Menu BROKER-DEALERHome GOING INDEPENDENT BROKER-DEALERPAG’s Broker Dealer: LPL Financial.LPL Financial is the industry’s largest independent broker-dealer, servicing over 14,000 financial advisors.*LPL Financial was founded with a pioneering vision: to help entrepreneurial financial advisors establish successful businesses through which they could offer truly independent financial guidance and advice. Private Advisor Group is one of the largest RIAs on the LPL platform. LPL Financial provides Private Advisor Group advisors with an integrated platform of cutting edge technology, brokerage and investment advisory services. Our advisors use the LPL operating system to perform their daily functions of investing for their clients, trading and clearing services and practice management support. Being the largest broker-dealer allows LPL to consistently invest in these services and solutions for their advisors. And the fact they only service independent financial advisors means they are maniacally focused on evolving this business with no conflicts of interest from either asset management solutions or investment banking functions.Private Advisor Group works closely with LPL Financial to advocate on behalf of its network of advisors. Having over 550 advisors allows PAG to have a louder voice in participating in the direction of the broker-dealer and the development of new tools, services and programs that LPL delivers. We work hard to ensure PAG and LPL are aligned in designing the premier destination where independent financial advisors can thrive.By leveraging a top-rated broker-dealer, we can focus on the Private Advisor Group value proposition of providing exceptional service, impeccable compliance oversight and creative solutions for our advisors.*As reported in Financial Planning magazine, 1996-2014, based on total revenues.Are you ready to join PAG?      First and Last Name (required) Email (required) Your Message Please leave this field empty.ADVISOR TRANSITIONRETIREMENT PLANSCOMPLIANCESERVICESUCCESSIONBROKER-DEALERMULTI-CUSTODIANGROW YOUR FIRM  Join Us | Independent | Private Advisor Group  
         INVESTORS ADVISORS   (973) 538-7010    Menu JOIN USHome JOIN USJOIN USIf you are looking for a place where your independent advisory business can thrive—backed by proven support and exceptional service—and staff know you by name, then Private Advisor Group is the place for you.      First and Last Name (required) Firm Name Your Email (required) Phone Subject Your Message “The benefits of being a hybrid advisor with Private Advisor Group were great. It was a no brainer.” – Jeremy StanleyPRIVATE ADVISOR GROUP 65 Madison Avenue, Suite 300 Morristown, NJ 07960P. 973.538.7010 F. 973.490.6420 E. info@privateadvisorgroup.com      First and Last Name (required) Email (required) Your Message Please leave this field empty.ABOUT USMEDIA RELATIONSPAG TEAMIN THE NEWSFIND A PAG ADVISORHEAR FROM PAG ADVISORS 






Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Graphic Packaging Holding Company - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graphic Packaging Holding Company with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



ASM International NV (ASMI) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.13					

Bank of Montreal Can Acquires 208,882 Shares of Masco Corporation (MAS)					

Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Lowers Position in C.R. Bard, Inc. (BCR)					

IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Stake Boosted by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC					

AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (AVB) Stake Reduced by Bank of Montreal Can					

Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can					

Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Decreases Stake in New York Times Company (The) (NYT)					

Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Foster Wheeler AG (FWLT) Share Price					

Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stake Cut by Fulton Bank N.A.					

Bank of Montreal Can Raises Position in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK)					

Toll Brothers Inc. (TOL) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can					

Private Trust Co. NA Decreases Position in Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)					

Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Cuts Position in Broadcom Limited (AVGO)					

Analyzing Antero Midstream Partners (NYSE:AM) & DCP Midstream Partners, (DCP)					

Analyzing Lorillard (LO) and Altria Group (MO)					

Atria Investments LLC Increases Position in Genworth Financial Inc (GNW)					

Contrasting Altria Group (NYSE:MO) and Lorillard (LO)					

Atria Investments LLC Has $162,000 Stake in Wipro Limited (WIT)					

Atria Investments LLC Purchases Shares of 10,536 Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC)					

Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Cut to “Equal Weight” at Barclays PLC					





 





						Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can					

						 July 21st, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Bank of Montreal Can raised its stake in shares of  Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE:GPK) by 5.9% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1,074,309 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 60,170 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can owned 0.35% of Graphic Packaging Holding worth $14,804,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. raised its stake in  Graphic Packaging Holding by 1.5% in the first quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 8,039 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 116 shares during the period.  New York State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in  Graphic Packaging Holding by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 28,200 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $352,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter.  US Bancorp DE increased its position in  Graphic Packaging Holding by 0.8% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 106,827 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,374,000 after buying an additional 883 shares in the last quarter.  Envestnet Asset Management Inc. increased its position in  Graphic Packaging Holding by 10.2% in the first quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 11,826 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $152,000 after buying an additional 1,097 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, NS Partners Ltd increased its position in  Graphic Packaging Holding by 0.4% in the first quarter. NS Partners Ltd now owns 281,689 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $3,625,000 after buying an additional 1,151 shares in the last quarter. 95.43% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) opened at 13.79 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $4.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.18 and a beta of 1.15. Graphic Packaging Holding Company has a 52-week low of $12.00 and a 52-week high of $14.70. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $13.51 and a 200 day moving average price of $13.27. 




Graphic Packaging Holding (NYSE:GPK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $0.14 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.13 by $0.01. Graphic Packaging Holding had a return on equity of 19.53% and a net margin of 4.80%. The firm had revenue of $1.06 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.04 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.20 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.7% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts predict that  Graphic Packaging Holding Company will post $0.70 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th were issued a $0.075 dividend. This represents a $0.30 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.18%. The ex-dividend date  was Tuesday, June 13th. Graphic Packaging Holding’s payout ratio is currently 46.15%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally  posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/21/graphic-packaging-holding-company-gpk-shares-bought-by-bank-of-montreal-can.html. 
Several equities analysts have commented on GPK shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Graphic Packaging Holding from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, July 14th. BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $15.50 target price on shares of Graphic Packaging Holding in a research report on Friday, June 23rd. DA Davidson started coverage on Graphic Packaging Holding in a research report on Monday, July 10th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $17.50 target price for the company. BidaskClub upgraded Graphic Packaging Holding from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $15.00 target price on shares of Graphic Packaging Holding in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned  a hold rating and eight have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Graphic Packaging Holding presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $15.76.
In other news, Director G Andrea Botta sold 10,982 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.45, for a total value of $147,707.90. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 1.02% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About Graphic Packaging Holding
Graphic Packaging Holding Company is a provider of paper-based packaging solutions for a range of products to food, beverage and other consumer product companies. The Company’s segments include Paperboard Mills, Americas Paperboard Packaging, Europe Paperboard Packaging, and Corporate and Other. The Paperboard Mills segment includes the Company’s North American paperboard mills, which produce primarily coated unbleached kraft and coated recycled board.






Receive News & Ratings for Graphic Packaging Holding Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graphic Packaging Holding Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































NCR Company Profile (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)
NCR Corporation is a provider of Omni-channel technology solutions that enable businesses connect, interact and transact with their customers. The Company operates through three segments: Software, Services and Hardware. It sells a portfolio of hardware, software and services that combine to provide businesses with solutions. Its portfolio of self-service and assisted-service solutions are designed to allow businesses in the financial services, retail, hospitality, travel and telecommunications and technology industries to deliver an experience to consumers across physical and digital commerce channels. Its offerings include automated teller machines, point of sale terminals and devices, self-service kiosks, Omni-channel platform software and other software applications, and a suite of consulting, implementation, maintenance and managed services. It provides solutions for a range of industries, such as financial services, hospitality, travel and telecommunications, and technology. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Technology
Industry: IT Services & Consulting - NEC
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:NCR CORP
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.ncr.com/

Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $40.31200 Day Moving Avg: $42.71


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 24.12P/E Growth: 0.78Dividend:Dividend Yield: 1.0%


Profitability:Net Margins: 6.09%Return on Equity: 58.18%Return on Assets: 5.02%

 

Frequently Asked Questions for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)
What is NCR's stock symbol?

NCR trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "NCR CORP."



Who are some of NCR's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to NCR include Accenture PLC (ACN), Automatic Data Processing (ADP), Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH), NetEase (NTES), Vmware (VMW), Infosys Limited (INFY), Wipro Limited (WIT), CGI Group (GIB), Palo Alto Networks (PANW), Total System Services (TSS), Gartner (IT), VeriSign (VRSN), CDW Corporation (CDW), Amdocs Limited (DOX), F5 Networks (FFIV), Jack Henry & Associates (JKHY), Akamai Technologies (AKAM) and Fortinet (FTNT).



Who are NCR's key executives?

NCR's management team includes the folowing people: William R. Nuti, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive OfficerMark D. Benjamin, President, Chief Operating OfficerRobert P. Fishman, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice PresidentAndrea L. Ledford, Chief Human Resource Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative OfficerMichael B. Bayer, Executive Vice President - Global SalesJ. Robert Ciminera, Executive Vice President - Hardware Product OperationsPaul E Langenbahn, Executive Vice President - Global SoftwareFrederick J. Marquardt, Executive Vice President - Global ServicesEdward Ray Gallagher, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, SecretaryChinh E. Chu, Lead Independent Director



How do I buy NCR stock? 

Shares of NCR can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 


MarketBeat Community Rating for NCR (NASDAQ NCR CORP)Community Ranking:  2.5 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  35 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  35 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  70MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about NCR and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No earnings announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)


Latest Headlines for NCR (NASDAQ:NCR CORP)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineNCR Corp (NCR) Q2 Earnings Top & Revenues Miss,'17 View Samewww.nasdaq.com - July 22 at 6:50 AMNCR Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for NCRwww.nasdaq.com - July 12 at 6:17 AM


Social





Chart
NCR (NCR CORP) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff














































Private Advisor Group, LLC | Wealthminder











































Private Advisor Group, LLC


Private Advisor Group, LLC
(CRD# 155216) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Morristown, NJ.
They
manage $10,642,295,833 in 48,558 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 52 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Private Advisor Group, LLC




65 Madison Avenue, Suite 300,
Morristown,
NJ
07960
973-538-7010
http://www.theplanadvocate.com/




http://www.theplanadvocate.com/







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

10,642
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

48,558
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$219,167







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Subscription fees (for a newsletter or periodical)
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)
Other






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Pension consulting services
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Publication of periodicals or newsletters
Educational seminars/workshops
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AK, AL, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, PR, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VI, VT, WA, WI, WV






Financial Advisors at Private Advisor Group, LLC




Showing 1 - 10 of 442 top financial advisors.





1















Scot A. Millen



CRD#:
4966812



10490 Little Patuxent Pkwy, Suite 280,
Columbia,
MD
21044




98

Wealthminder
score







Scot Millen (CRD# 4966812) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Private Advisor Group, LLC in Columbia, MD and has over 11 years of experience in the finance industry.





2















Howard J. Moyer



CRD#:
5022494



729 7th Ave,
Williamsport,
PA
17701




98

Wealthminder
score








Howard Moyer (CRD# 5022494) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Private Advisor Group, LLC in Williamsport, PA and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Raymond J. Angelo



CRD#:
4993543



18 Brant Avenue,
Clark,
NJ
07066




96

Wealthminder
score








Raymond Angelo (CRD# 4993543) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Private Advisor Group, LLC in Clark, NJ and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Raymond Angelo has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






4















Christopher J. Battiste



CRD#:
1101616



80 Wolf Road, Ste. 301,
Albany,
NY
12205




96

Wealthminder
score








Christopher Battiste (CRD# 1101616) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Private Advisor Group, LLC in Albany, NY and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Christopher Battiste has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






5















Kalen D. Baxter



CRD#:
2920908



1122 Kenilworth Dr, #305,
Towson,
MD
21204




96

Wealthminder
score








Kalen Baxter (CRD# 2920908) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Private Advisor Group, LLC in Towson, MD and has 
over 19 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Kalen Baxter has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






6















Michael Benkovic



CRD#:
4878510



4800 Linglestown Rd Ste 304,
Harrisburg,
PA
17112




96

Wealthminder
score








Michael Benkovic (CRD# 4878510) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Private Advisor Group, LLC in Harrisburg, PA and has 
over 12 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Michael Benkovic has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






7















Dean S. Bennion



CRD#:
1968163



35 100th Ave Ne,
Bellevue,
WA
98004




96

Wealthminder
score








Dean Bennion (CRD# 1968163) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Private Advisor Group, LLC in Bellevue, WA and has 
over 28 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Dean Bennion has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






8















David J. Berkeihiser



CRD#:
2651509



600 Willowbrook Lane, Suite 620,
West Chester,
PA
19382




96

Wealthminder
score








David Berkeihiser (CRD# 2651509) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Private Advisor Group, LLC in West Chester, PA and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.
David Berkeihiser has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






9















Jon P. Betlow



CRD#:
2490394



100 Passaic Avenue, Suite 300,
Fairfield,
NJ
07004




96

Wealthminder
score








Jon Betlow (CRD# 2490394) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Private Advisor Group, LLC in Fairfield, NJ and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Jon Betlow has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






10















Nancy A. Briguglio



CRD#:
702110



10490 Little Patuxent Pkwy, Suite 280,
Columbia,
MD
21044




96

Wealthminder
score








Nancy Briguglio (CRD# 702110) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Private Advisor Group, LLC in Columbia, MD and has 
over 19 years
of experience in the finance industry.







1
2
3
4
5
... Next






Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














 Resource Center | Private Advisor Group  
         INVESTORS ADVISORS   (973) 538-7010    Menu RESOURCE CENTERRequest Access    For further assistance contact Karen Hayes at (973) 867-1381LoginYour username will be your first initial and your last name (eg: jsmith).If you need any assistance, please contact Karen Hayes at (973) 867-1381     Reset Your PasswordWe will send instructions for resetting your password to the account email address.  Please Note: When resetting your password, you will need to enter your email address, followed by your new password (entered twice).If you need any assistance, please contact Karen Hayes at (973) 867-1381PagesCOMPLIANCEFORMSTHE MONDAY MEMONEWSLETTERSOPERATIONSPAG INFOPROGRAMS AND EVENTSSTRATEGIC PARTNERS CORNERSITE MAP 





Private Advisor Group | RIABiz


























The RIABiz DirectorySPONSORED BYSearch by company type:Product name...Search by name:A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Search by state:Select a stateSPONSORED BYNOT LISTED YET?Adding your company to the RIABiz Directory is simple and quick.PREMIUM LISTING$ 950/yearBASIC LISTINGFREE Add Your ListingFOR MORE INFO CONTACT:Dawn Kodin:dawn@riabiz.com(360)647-2842John Kodin:john@riabiz.com(360) 714-8662Private Advisor GroupFiled under: Specialized Breakaway Service, RIA-Friendly Broker-Dealer, RIA Serving Other RIAs, RIA Welcoming BreakawaysCompany info:Top executive: John Hylandhttp://privateadvisorgroup.com973-538-101065 Madison AvenueMorristown, NJ 07960RIA department info:Contact: Patrick Sullivan973-538-6878patrick.sullivan@privateadvisorgroup.comQ&A:What is the service or product you offer to RIAs?								Private Advisor Group is today’s hybrid solution built to support successful independent financial advisors.  Our unique organization is designed to provide world class customer service, in depth risk management and forward thinking solutions.  Advisors can expect extraordinary, personal support backed by the industry’s largest independent broker-dealer, enabling them to stay focused on their business.		
			How do you differentiate your offering from competitors?								Confidence. Community.  Control.  Private Advisor Group instills confidence in our advisors by performing all the required compliance and supervisory oversight they need, enabling them to focus on their business.  Our community of like-minded advisors enjoy the feeling of belonging to something unique in the industry.  We allow our advisors to enjoy the control they need to structure and run their business in the best way for both them and their clients.  All of this is wrapped in a highly attractive economic wrapper.

			What else would you like to say about your business?				h2. VIDEOS:

	Related listings:No listings availableRelated articles:LPL Financial's DOL-rule memo to reps implies deeper message: Become an RIA or stand down on giving rollover adviceThe 'deep-pocketed' broker-dealer puts its Series-7 brokers on notice to forget about suggesting a rollover even as it gives its hybrid RIAs a strict protocol to stay out of troubleLPL takes selling off the table and takes out boisterous Mark Casady at CEO in favor of quiet Dan ArnoldThe firm's future as an independent public company is assured for now but the abrupt shift in management style poses new questionsLPL Financial share price tumbles to pre-hostile bid levels in atmosphere of eerie calmLPL reps shrug their shoulders over a possible sale and investors seem in no hurry to buy but experts say the B-D has what PE loves -- lousy growth but terrific cash flowWith BlackRock ahead and blue ocean behind, LPL finds its robo comfort zoneWith the 150 basis-point-plus price of Guided Wealth Portfolios, LPL's robo plan doesn't look so robo, except for the onboardingThe RIA-ification intrinsic to LPL's preemptive DOL policy changes -- yet how tightly to revenue sharing in IRAs it is hangingLPL's super-clients like Private Advisor Group see a clear 'advisory' future but LPL is walking a more shrub-choked hybrid pathOlder articles  Edit this listingIf you are the owner of this listing, you can edit the contents and billing information. First, we have to verify via email that you are the owner:Send Authorization Email











 Find a PAG Advisor | Go Independent | Private Advisor Group  
         INVESTORS ADVISORS   (973) 538-7010    Menu FIND A PAG ADVISORHome FIND A PAG ADVISOR   If you're looking for an advisor in your area just enter your zip code and the distance to search in miles. Alternatively, you can search by name, city, state or any combination of these items. Advisor Name  State  Zip Code  Radius (miles)         First and Last Name (required) Email (required) Your Message Please leave this field empty.ABOUT USMEDIA RELATIONSPAG TEAMIN THE NEWSFIND A PAG ADVISORHEAR FROM PAG ADVISORS  