










 













 







Private Markets Fund VII LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Aip Global Diversified Vii Slp Lp  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Private Markets Fund VII LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    100 Front Street Suite 700 
    West Conshohocken, PA, 19428-2881Phone: 610-940-5604 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-04-19


Amended


$49,192,050


$23,960,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2017-03-09


Amended


$25,232,050


$4,825,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-12-22


New


$20,407,050


$20,407,050


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Aip Global Diversified Vii Slp Lp 
 Promoter 


 Khalid Iton 
 Director 


 Noel Langlois 
 Executive 


 N/A Pmf Vii Gp Ltd. 
 Promoter 


 Charles Thomas 
 Director 


 Christian P. Wenzel 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













  PEF3214 Quote - Providence Equity Partners VII LP Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Providence Equity Partners VII LP   PEF3214:US      Inactive   PEF3214:US is inactive   USD             Fund Type   Private Equity Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Private Equity Fund    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   Private Equity    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (-) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Providence Equity Partners VII LP is a 2012 private equity fund currently investing. The Fund makes mid-market buyout investments in the media industry. The Fund makes investments in North America.    Address  -   Phone  -   Website   -              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Brynwood Partners - Private Equity | Lower Middle Market | Consumer Products

















PRINT PAGE






Home




Investment Strategy



Investment Criteria



Team



Portfolio



Our Funds



News



LP Login



Contact
















































				Established in 1984, Brynwood Partners is a control-oriented, operationally-focused, 
                lower middle market buyout fund that acquires consumer products companies. The managing partners of Brynwood 
				Partners have extensive operating experience, as CEOs and CFOs of both 
				public and private companies, which allows the firm to acquire 
				both performing and underperforming businesses and corporate
				orphan brands with or without management teams. Brynwood Partners will
				only target investment opportunities where it can leverage the operational
				expertise of its managing partners to create significant
				shareholder value.
				
				With over $725 million of assets under management, Brynwood 
				Partners is actively seeking new investments for its latest fund,
				Brynwood Partners VII L.P., with $420 million of committed capital.
			


				Brynwood Partners
				Eight Sound Shore Dr #265
				Greenwich, CT 06830
				203-622-1790
				

Home | 
				Investment Strategy | 
				Investment Criteria | 
				Team | 
				Portfolio | 
				News | 
				LP Login | 
				Contact | 
				
Print Page | 
				Site Map 
				















Private Markets Fund VII LP - Alumni, Associates, Insider Transactions, Salary and Compensation Updates - Equilar Atlas 












 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















Private Markets Fund VII LP

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of Private Markets Fund VII LP alumni and associates. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY Private Markets Fund VII LP alumni and associates.
												FOLLOW changes in Private Markets Fund VII LP alumni and associates employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Private Markets Fund VII LP alumni and associates through your network of contacts.
												







Trustees and Associates (0)








															Stay current on Private Markets Fund VII LP trustees and associates »
															


 







Noel Langlois
Managing Director of the Issuer's GP @ Private Equity Co-Investment Opportunities Fund I (Cayman) LP


View Full Profile









CHARLES THOMAS
DIRECTOR OF THE GENERAL PARTNER @ Private Markets Fund VII LP


View Full Profile









CHRISTIAN P. WENZEL
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE ADVISOR @ Private Markets Fund VII (Cayman) L.P.


View Full Profile









Khalid Iton
Director of the General Partner of the Issuer. @ Partners Group Credit Opportunities 2017 (USD) A, L.P.


View Full Profile












Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: Private Markets Fund VII LP





















			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















	Wilshire / Private Markets



































About Us


Analytics


Funds Management


Indexes


Investment Consulting


Private Markets






 Solutions



Wilshire utilizes tested and proven investment theory and practices, enabling us to recommend practical solutions for our clients.


 Actuarial Services

 Alternative Asset Solutions

 Asset Advisory Services

 Asset Allocation

 Outsourced CIO (OCIO)

 Investment Consulting

 Risk and Performance Analytics Platform

 Risk Management





 Research



Wilshire produces insightful, independent research focused on addressing the investment challenges and opportunities facing our clients.


 Investment Consulting Research

 Private Markets Research

 Compass Portal

 Analytics Research

 Research Library





 Tools



Wilshire provides innovative investment technology tools to hundreds of institutions, investment managers and plan sponsors worldwide.


 Index Calculator

 Wilshire Compass

 Research Library

 Service Request

 Compass Portal





















Home : Private Markets




Private Markets



	Wilshire Private Markets ("WPM") is a global private markets solutions provider with local teams based in Santa Monica, Amsterdam, Hong Kong and Pittsburgh. As of December 31, 2016, WPM has approximately $4.3 billion in discretionary capital commitments for institutional investors, in addition to providing a wide range of advisory services and customized separate accounts for our clients.






















Private Equity

	Wilshire offers to clients a number of flexible private equity investment options.

Learn More



Real Assets

	Wilshire offers specialized real asset consulting on an advisory basis or a custom fund discretionary offering designed to accommodate your existing real assets exposure.

Learn More













 





 Index Calculator
Wilshire Mutual Funds




Copyright 2017 by Wilshire Associates Privacy Policy






Wilshire 5000
Wilshire Associates
Wilshire Advisor Solutions
Wilshire Consulting





Santa Monica
New Jersey
Pittsburgh
Chicago
Denver
London
Singapore

Wilshire Associates Europe B.V.
Hong Kong Limited
Suzhou Wilshire Investment Services Co., Ltd.















