






Private Trust Co. NA Decreases Position in Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Eaton Corporation PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Corporation PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Foster Wheeler AG (FWLT) Share Price					

Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stake Cut by Fulton Bank N.A.					

Bank of Montreal Can Raises Position in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK)					

Toll Brothers Inc. (TOL) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can					

Private Trust Co. NA Decreases Position in Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)					

Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Cuts Position in Broadcom Limited (AVGO)					

Analyzing Antero Midstream Partners (NYSE:AM) & DCP Midstream Partners, (DCP)					

Analyzing Lorillard (LO) and Altria Group (MO)					

Atria Investments LLC Increases Position in Genworth Financial Inc (GNW)					

Contrasting Altria Group (NYSE:MO) and Lorillard (LO)					

Atria Investments LLC Has $162,000 Stake in Wipro Limited (WIT)					

Atria Investments LLC Purchases Shares of 10,536 Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC)					

Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Cut to “Equal Weight” at Barclays PLC					

AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (AMC) Stock Rating Lowered by Barclays PLC					

Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Cowen and Company Analysts					

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. (ARE) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research					

BidaskClub Downgrades Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET) to Buy					

Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub					

Atria Investments LLC Decreases Stake in Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC)					

Atria Investments LLC Invests $203,000 in Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL)					





 





						Private Trust Co. NA Decreases Position in Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)					

						 July 21st, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Private Trust Co. NA lowered its stake in shares of  Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) by 2.6% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 6,145 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 167 shares during the period. Private Trust Co. NA’s holdings in Eaton Corporation, PLC were worth $478,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV increased its stake in  Eaton Corporation, PLC by 9.4% in the first quarter. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV now owns 1,402 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 120 shares in the last quarter.  Harfst & Associates Inc. bought a new stake in  Eaton Corporation, PLC during the first quarter valued at about $109,000.  Tompkins Financial Corp bought a new stake in  Eaton Corporation, PLC during the first quarter valued at about $124,000.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America increased its stake in  Eaton Corporation, PLC by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 1,742 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 12 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Crestwood Advisors Group LLC bought a new stake in  Eaton Corporation, PLC during the first quarter valued at about $137,000. 76.30% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
Shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE ETN) opened at 79.56 on Friday. Eaton Corporation, PLC has a 52-week low of $59.07 and a 52-week high of $81.63. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $77.76 and its 200-day moving average price is $74.22. The stock has a market cap of $35.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.53 and a beta of 1.35. 




Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.09. Eaton Corporation, PLC had a net margin of 9.86% and a return on equity of 12.82%. The company had revenue of $4.85 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.70 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.88 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .7% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts predict that  Eaton Corporation, PLC will post $4.66 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Private Trust Co. NA Decreases Position in Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)” was  published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/21/private-trust-co-na-decreases-position-in-eaton-corporation-plc-etn.html. 
Several research firms have issued reports on ETN. Wolfe Research began coverage on Eaton Corporation, PLC in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a “hold” rating and set a $78.00 target price on shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Eaton Corporation, PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $87.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “hold” rating and set a $80.00 target price on shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC in a research report on Friday, July 7th. Finally, JMP Securities began coverage on Eaton Corporation, PLC in a research report on Monday, June 19th. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued  a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $78.54.
In related news, insider Richard H. Fearon sold 25,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $76.24, for a total value of $1,906,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 236,497 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $18,030,531.28. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Uday Yadav sold 3,034 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.08, for a total transaction of $230,826.72. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 22,601 shares in the company, valued at $1,719,484.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  0.80% of the company’s stock. 
About Eaton Corporation, PLC
Eaton Corporation (Eaton) is a diversified power management company. It is engaged in the manufacturing of electrical components and systems for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ETN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN).






Receive News & Ratings for Eaton Corporation PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Corporation PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿






























Private Trust Co. NA Sells 6,440 Shares of ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for ConAgra Foods Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor ConAgra Foods Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Heritage Investors Management Corp Increases Position in Honda Motor Company, Ltd. (NYSE:HMC)
American Beacon Advisors Inc. Buys Shares of 343 Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (NYSE:SHW)
New England Research & Management Inc. Boosts Position in Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN)
J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Sells 180 Shares of Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW)
2,590 Shares in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) Acquired by ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc.
10,554 Shares in Nucor Corporation (NYSE:NUE) Acquired by Carlton Hofferkamp & Jenks Wealth Management LLC
New England Research & Management Inc. Increases Position in AECOM (ACM)
Lathrop Investment Management Corp Has $14,242,000 Position in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR)
Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Shares Bought by Waverton Investment Management Ltd
The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Position Maintained by Walnut Private Equity Partners LLC
Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Stake Decreased by Shamrock Asset Management LLC
Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc. Has $219,000 Position in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE:FCX)
Brixmor Property Group Inc. (BRX) Shares Bought by Ranger Global Real Estate Advisors LLC
Ranger Global Real Estate Advisors LLC Sells 162,758 Shares of Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. (PK)
Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Buys New Stake in Quintiles Transitional Holdings Inc. (Q)
MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Upgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub
Main Street Capital Corporation (MAIN) Stake Boosted by Capital Investment Advisors LLC
Private Trust Co. NA Sells 6,440 Shares of ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG)
Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 3,018 Shares of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS)







Private Trust Co. NA Sells 6,440 Shares of ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




Private Trust Co. NA decreased its stake in  ConAgra Foods Inc. (NYSE:CAG) by 16.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 33,445 shares of the company’s stock after selling 6,440 shares during the period. Private Trust Co. NA’s holdings in ConAgra Foods were worth $1,195,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in  ConAgra Foods by 2,749.9% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 26,966,885 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,087,846,000 after buying an additional 26,020,645 shares during the period.  Alliancebernstein L.P. raised its position in shares of  ConAgra Foods by 380.8% in the first quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 3,787,509 shares of the company’s stock worth $152,788,000 after buying an additional 2,999,723 shares during the last quarter.  JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of  ConAgra Foods by 260.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,085,446 shares of the company’s stock worth $124,465,000 after buying an additional 2,228,946 shares during the last quarter.  Bank of Montreal Can raised its position in shares of  ConAgra Foods by 134.5% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 3,366,929 shares of the company’s stock worth $135,821,000 after buying an additional 1,931,340 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of  ConAgra Foods by 30.3% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 7,336,632 shares of the company’s stock worth $295,959,000 after buying an additional 1,706,553 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  75.89% of the company’s stock. 


 Get ConAgra Foods Inc. alerts:



Shares of ConAgra Foods Inc. (NYSE:CAG) traded up 0.252% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $33.835. 1,703,820 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $36.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $38.80. ConAgra Foods Inc. has a one year low of $32.93 and a one year high of $48.86. The firm has a market cap of $14.22 billion, a PE ratio of 22.861 and a beta of 0.33. 





ConAgra Foods (NYSE:CAG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, June 29th. The company reported $0.37 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.37. The business had revenue of $1.86 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.86 billion. ConAgra Foods had a return on equity of 20.29% and a net margin of 7.43%. ConAgra Foods’s quarterly revenue was down 9.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.52 EPS.  Equities research analysts forecast that  ConAgra Foods Inc. will post $1.86 EPS for the current year. 
ConAgra Foods announced that its board has initiated a share buyback plan on Thursday, June 29th that allows the company to repurchase $1.00 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization allows the company to repurchase up to 6.5% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase plans are usually an indication that the company’s leadership believes its stock is undervalued. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, August 31st. Stockholders of record on Monday, July 31st will be given a dividend of $0.2125 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 27th. This represents a $0.85 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.52%. This is an increase from ConAgra Foods’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.20. ConAgra Foods’s payout ratio is presently 54.42%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/conagra-foods-inc-cag-shares-sold-by-private-trust-co-na-updated.html. 
A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. BidaskClub lowered shares of ConAgra Foods from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 5th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $39.00 price objective on shares of ConAgra Foods and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, July 1st. UBS AG  reissued a “sell” rating and set a $33.00 price target (down from $35.00) on shares of ConAgra Foods in a report on Friday, June 30th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $42.00 price target (down from $44.00) on shares of ConAgra Foods in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 price target (down from $44.00) on shares of ConAgra Foods in a report on Monday, June 26th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and eight have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $42.72.
In related news, Director Stephen G. Butler sold 5,848 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, July 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.80, for a total transaction of $209,358.40. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Ruth Ann Marshall sold 6,046 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, July 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $33.22, for a total value of $200,848.12. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 89,260 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,965,217.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  0.58% of the company’s stock. 
ConAgra Foods Company Profile
Conagra Brands, Inc, formerly ConAgra Foods, Inc, operates as a packaged food company. The Company operates through two segments: Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods. The Company sells branded and customized food products, as well as commercially branded foods. It also supplies vegetable, spice and grain products to a range of restaurants, foodservice operators and commercial customers.







Receive News & Ratings for ConAgra Foods Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConAgra Foods Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































﻿






























Vetr Inc. Lowers Apple Inc. (AAPL) to Buy - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Apple Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Apple Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact CymaBay Therapeutics (CBAY) Stock Price
Morgan Stanley Has $14.02 Million Position in Tech Data Corporation (TECD)
Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for CU Bancorp (CA)’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CUNB)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Increases Position in Harris Corporation (NYSE:HRS)
United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) PT Raised to $77.00
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Bill Barrett Corporation (BBG) Stock Price
Chart Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:GTLS) Shares Bought by Legal & General Group Plc
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Position Maintained by General American Investors Co. Inc.
Charter Financial Corp. (CHFN) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.17
Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Cuts Position in Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL)
The Madison Square Garden Company (NYSE:MSG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Vetr Inc. Lowers Apple Inc. (AAPL) to Buy
Meritage Corporation (MTH) Position Boosted by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
StoneMor Partners L.P. (STON) Cut to Market Perform at Citigroup Inc.
Barclays PLC Downgrades Summit Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:SMLP) to Underweight
Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) PT Raised to $106.00
Square, Inc. (NYSE:SQ) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:WAIR) Earns Hold Rating from Cowen and Company
Corvus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRVS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Synthetic Biologics Inc (NYSEMKT:SYN) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research







Vetr Inc. Lowers Apple Inc. (AAPL) to Buy


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments




Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was downgraded by stock analysts at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a $165.66 price target on the iPhone maker’s stock. Vetr‘s price target indicates a potential upside of 9.69% from the company’s current price.
A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on the company. Morgan Stanley lifted their price objective on Apple from $177.00 to $182.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $170.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Mizuho  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Bank of America Corporation  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $180.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG  reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Eleven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $160.38.


 Get Apple Inc. alerts:



Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 151.02 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $147.52 and its 200 day moving average price is $140.44. Apple has a one year low of $96.42 and a one year high of $156.65. The stock has a market capitalization of $787.39 billion, a PE ratio of 17.72 and a beta of 1.31. 





Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 33.20% and a net margin of 20.85%.  Equities research analysts predict that  Apple will post $8.91 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
Apple declared that its board has authorized a share repurchase plan on Tuesday, May 2nd that allows the company to repurchase $50.00 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization allows the iPhone maker to reacquire up to 6.5% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase plans are usually an indication that the company’s management believes its shares are undervalued. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Vetr Inc. Lowers Apple Inc. (AAPL) to Buy” was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/20/vetr-inc-lowers-apple-inc-aapl-to-buy.html. 
In other Apple news, insider Daniel J. Riccio sold 11,949 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $155.32, for a total value of $1,855,918.68. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 13,049 shares in the company, valued at $2,026,770.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 67,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $148.76, for a total transaction of $10,041,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 141,325 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,023,507. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 373,000 shares of company stock valued at $56,497,046. 0.08% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Apple by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC now owns 13,481 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $1,561,000 after buying an additional 350 shares in the last quarter.  Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of  Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $5,625,709,000.  Perigon Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Apple by 5.9% in the fourth quarter. Perigon Wealth Management LLC now owns 147,469 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $20,613,000 after buying an additional 8,233 shares in the last quarter.  IFM Investors Pty Ltd purchased a new stake in shares of  Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $7,910,000.  Finally, RB Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $5,793,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  61.21% of the company’s stock. 
About Apple
Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings.
To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website.







Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 



















































Financial Advisors | Private Trust Company: Planning, Administration & More











































Client Portal
Contact Us
 











Search for:






























Financial Advisors













Loading…
















The Private Trust Company, N.A. offers a powerful solution for attracting and retaining client relationships by implementing wealth and legacy plans with the expertise you and your clients deserve. Our unique model strengthens advisor service offerings, enabling advisors to provide greater client value by offering institutional trust services without losing control of client relationships, investment strategies or the ability to continue managing client assets.
 
Expanding Advisor-Client Relationships Across Generations
Approximately 90 million Millennials will inherit their parents’ wealth.* If you’re not offering trust services to your clients today, they are obtaining these services from potential competitors. Our goal is to help you remain your clients’ most trusted advisor across all aspects of their wealth management needs for generations to come.
*The Wealth-X and UBS World Ultra Wealth Report 2013
 
PTC makes it easy for you to attract more high-value client relationships and expand your wealth management offering to include institutional-level trust services:

PTC complements and strengthens your existing service offering, enabling you to add institutional trust services without losing control of client relationships, investment strategies or the ability to continue managing client assets.
Advisors are provided centralized access to the full range of trust services through dedicated PTC Business Development Officers and Trust Officers experienced in guiding advisors and their clients through the selection, establishment and administration of trust services.
PTC enables clients to maintain their relationship with their financial advisors for investment management.

 
Financial advisors benefit from: 

Ease in adding PTC to their wealth management offering
No prior knowledge of trust services needed, and no product training or continuing education required to add trust services to an advisor’s offering
Dedicated Business Development officers guide advisors every step of the way
PTC’s subject matter experts and trust administrators serve as an extension of the advisor’s team, providing resources, guidance and client service
PTC helps develop a written investment policy statement for clients to provide a clear understanding of goals, objectives and guidelines for the trust
Accounts are reviewed regularly, investment policies are revised as appropriate to reflect changes to the portfolio, client circumstances and markets; reports are provided regularly to ensure advisors and their clients remain informed and up-to-date

Contact us today to learn about how we can help you serve a broader range of client needs while attracting more high value relationships.






































Private Trust Company: Planning, Administration & More








































Client Portal
Contact Us
 











Search for:





























Loading…









The Partner You Can Trust
With our flexible, open-architecture model, you can continue to work with the trusted, professional advisors that you have always relied upon.
Learn more















Collaborating with Advisors
PTC empowers financial advisors to attract and maintain high-value client relationships and manage assets across the full scope of each client’s wealth management and legacy planning needs.
Learn more















Replacing Complexity with Simplicity
Confidence comes from knowing you have a plan in place to provide for the management of your assets and to direct their use in accordance with your wishes.
Learn more















Planning Strategies
Find out why CPAs and attorneys rely on PTC to provide trust accounting services and assistance in implementing tax-efficient strategies for their individual, family office, and privately held business clients.
Learn more





















Family and Individuals
Assisting you in carrying out your wealth management and legacy planning goals at every stage of your life. Read more











Professionals
 Implementing customized solutions to address a broad range of complex needs to increase the scope of your practice. Read more












Financial Advisors
Enabling advisors to provide greater client value by offering trust services without losing control of client relationships. Read more













Our Competitive Advantage 
We are dedicated to serving the families and individual clients of our trusted partners – financial advisors, institutions, attorneys, and tax and accounting professionals – by providing expertise across all aspects of trust administration. Learn more








Our Expertise
Whether you’re seeking help planning your own legacy, or assistance in carrying out the wishes of a loved one, The Private Trust Company, N.A. can help simplify the complexities associated with legacy planning and wealth management. Our unique model enables you to continue to partner with your preferred advisors as they help you pursue your important investment and estate planning goals.


Loading…









Why do I Need a Trust?



One of the most common misconceptions about trusts is that only the truly wealthy benefit from establishing a trust.
Read more











Is a Trust Right for Me?



A will can determine who may receive your assets outright, while a trust may disperse those assets over a more reasonable…
Read more











What is a Trust?



Trusts can provide a measure of comfort knowing that you have a plan in place to help provide for the safe and accountable…
Read more











How does a Trust Work?



There are two basic types of trusts: Revocable or Living Trust A revocable or living trust is a trust that you can change or…
Read more











What is the Role of a Trustee?



Many individuals choose to name a corporate trustee with the ability to serve as a regulated, impartial third-party...
Read more











Why Consider a Corporate Trustee?



Naming a professional trustee not only helps to eliminate potential conflicts of interest between family members, but...
Read more











Benefits of a Trust



A trust can ensure that funding is available for specific needs, such as education, health care or charitable interests. It provides...
Read more













































































﻿

























Private Trust Co. NA Has $12.90 Million Position in Kellogg Company (NYSE:K) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Kellogg Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Kellogg Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG) Shares Bought by Kissinger Financial Services LLC
New England Research & Management Inc. Buys 1,175 Shares of Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR)
New England Research & Management Inc. Buys 35,682 Shares of Ply Gem Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:PGEM)
Walnut Private Equity Partners LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Targa Resources, Inc. (NYSE:TRGP)
Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Position Cut by Iberiabank Corp
New England Research & Management Inc. Purchases New Position in MaxLinear, Inc (NYSE:MXL)
Axovant Sciences’ (AXON) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company
Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Given Buy Rating at BMO Capital Markets
Brookfield Asset Management Inc (BAM) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank Of Canada
Avista Corporation (AVA) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Capital Investment Advisors LLC Has $2.35 Million Stake in Government Properties Income Trust (NYSE:GOV)
Addison Capital Co Increases Position in Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE)
Addison Capital Co Invests $776,000 in Level 3 Communications, Inc. (NYSE:LVLT)
Private Trust Co. NA Cuts Stake in Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:COO)
Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (NYSE:PAA) Stake Raised by Capital Investment Advisors LLC
Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (NYSE:OHI) Shares Bought by Private Trust Co. NA
Private Trust Co. NA Has $12.90 Million Position in Kellogg Company (NYSE:K)
Heritage Investors Management Corp Buys 50,536 Shares of Synchrony Financial (SYF)
Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sells 9,651,621 Shares of Bank of America Corporation (BAC)
Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Reduces Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)


 


Private Trust Co. NA Has $12.90 Million Position in Kellogg Company (NYSE:K)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Private Trust Co. NA increased its stake in shares of Kellogg Company (NYSE:K) by 0.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 185,649 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 121 shares during the period. Kellogg comprises 2.8% of Private Trust Co. NA’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Private Trust Co. NA owned 0.05% of Kellogg worth $12,895,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Exane Derivatives increased its stake in Kellogg by 312.5% in the first quarter. Exane Derivatives now owns 1,852 shares of the company’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 1,403 shares during the last quarter. Pathstone Family Office LLC bought a new stake in Kellogg during the first quarter valued at $143,000. Security National Trust Co. increased its stake in Kellogg by 7.2% in the first quarter. Security National Trust Co. now owns 2,066 shares of the company’s stock valued at $150,000 after buying an additional 139 shares during the last quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. boosted its position in Kellogg by 1.4% in the first quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 2,218 shares of the company’s stock valued at $161,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the period. Finally, Enterprise Financial Services Corp boosted its position in Kellogg by 6.8% in the first quarter. Enterprise Financial Services Corp now owns 2,352 shares of the company’s stock valued at $170,000 after buying an additional 149 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.30% of the company’s stock. 




Kellogg Company (K) traded up 0.4273% on Friday, hitting $67.0352. 572,518 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $69.77 and its 200 day moving average is $71.99. Kellogg Company has a 12 month low of $65.32 and a 12 month high of $84.28. The stock has a market cap of $23.48 billion, a PE ratio of 30.3327 and a beta of 0.50. 


 Get Kellogg Company alerts:



Kellogg (NYSE:K) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $1.06 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.01 by $0.05. Kellogg had a net margin of 6.07% and a return on equity of 67.99%. The company had revenue of $3.25 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.28 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.97 earnings per share. Kellogg’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Kellogg Company will post $3.92 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/private-trust-co-na-acquires-121-shares-of-kellogg-company-nysek-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts recently issued reports on K shares. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $80.00 price objective (down from $82.00) on shares of Kellogg in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Royal Bank Of Canada lowered their price target on Kellogg from $84.00 to $81.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, May 5th. UBS AG decreased their target price on Kellogg from $81.00 to $76.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, May 5th. Credit Suisse Group cut their price target on Kellogg from $80.00 to $75.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Kellogg from a “c+” rating to a “b+” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Kellogg currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $77.82.
In other news, Director John T. Dillon sold 4,900 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.87, for a total transaction of $352,163.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Kellogg W. K. Foundation Trust sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $74.08, for a total value of $1,852,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 99,900 shares of company stock worth $7,178,363. Corporate insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. 
Kellogg Company Profile
Kellogg Company is a manufacturer and marketer of ready-to-eat cereal and convenience foods. The Company’s principal products are ready-to-eat cereals and convenience foods, such as cookies, crackers, savory snacks, toaster pastries, cereal bars, fruit-flavored snacks, frozen waffles and veggie foods. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Kellogg Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kellogg Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

































The Private Trust Company, N.A. 

























Fee Schedules
Disclosures
Log In




































Menu







Why Choose LPL Financial


Establishing Your Business


Managing Your Business


Growing Your Business















ClientWorks
On demand access to client information, document storage, and practice management resources.


GO







Account View
Account View provides you secure access to your accounts from any device, anytime, anywhere.


GO







eRegistration Kit
Start your due diligence by filling out our completely confidential, non-binding Advisor Profile. Our Business Development team will follow up to discuss with you.


GO















eReg Kit
Connect with a Recruiter








LPL Financial 
Join LPL 
Growing Your Business 
Consulting 
Consulting for Client Success 
Private Trust Company












The Private Trust Company, N.A. 













            LPL Financial provides trust services through its affiliate, The Private Trust Company, N.A. (PTC), allowing you to offer trust administration services to your clients. You work in collaboration with experts in the implementation of trust and estate plans and your client gains peace of mind knowing that trust accounts will be handled by their own financial advisor.  

            













We enable—and encourage—clients to maintain their relationships with their trusted financial advisors, while we serve as trustee or co-trustee.

- Bethany Bryant, President, The Private Trust Company, N.A.








            Trust Services with PTC Experience 
        
Creating and administering a trust is a collaborative effort between you, your client, and your client’s tax and estate lawyers. We make it easy for you to offer trust services by working with our affiliate, The Private Trust Company (PTC), a federally chartered non-despository limited purpose bank licensed to provide trust and estate planning services in all 50 states. By working with PTC, you can offer personal trustee services for a variety of estate planning needs.
PTC’s dedicated trust specialists have extensive experience in implementing trust and estate plans, and they work closely with LPL’s financial advisors.
Why Choose to Work with PTC?

Simple: You manage client assets in a trust with PTC in the same way you work with LPL Advisory Services.
Comprehensive: PTC services include providing documentation and legislative updates to support you in placing and retaining trust accounts, and training opportunities to expand your trust and estates knowledge.
Growth-oriented: Access to trustee services provides a significant marketing opportunity for attracting high-net-worth clients.














        
            
            
				 LPL employees and advisors: Only those approved to use social media under the LPL Financial Social Media Policy may share content from this website to their compliant social media accounts.
    		
        
    










PRIVATE TRUST CO NA AS SUC - LIVONIA, MI - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



LIVONIA



Trusts, Nec



Trusts, Nec



                            PRIVATE TRUST CO NA AS SUC
                                    



 





















P 


PRIVATE TRUST CO NA AS SUC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



39209 6 MILE RD STE 201 LIVONIA, MI 48152
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $89,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Trusts, Nec
 Contacts --






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Trusts, Nec. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















The Private Trust Company, N.A.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 12:22 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of The Private Trust Company, N.A.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
The Private Trust Company, N.A. provides trust administrative services for individual and family assets. The company allows clients to delegate money management services or maintain their relationship with their financial advisors for investment management. It offers administration, investment oversight, and custody services for revocable living, charitable remainder, charitable lead, special need, irrevocable living, rabbi, and irrevocable life insurance trusts; agency, custodial, and family office group relationships; private foundations; and guardianships. The company was incorporated in 1995 and is based in Cleveland, Ohio. The Private Trust Company, N.A. operates as a subsidiary of LPL ...
The Private Trust Company, N.A. provides trust administrative services for individual and family assets. The company allows clients to delegate money management services or maintain their relationship with their financial advisors for investment management. It offers administration, investment oversight, and custody services for revocable living, charitable remainder, charitable lead, special need, irrevocable living, rabbi, and irrevocable life insurance trusts; agency, custodial, and family office group relationships; private foundations; and guardianships. The company was incorporated in 1995 and is based in Cleveland, Ohio. The Private Trust Company, N.A. operates as a subsidiary of LPL Financial Corporation.
Detailed Description


1422 Euclid AvenueSuite 1130Cleveland, OH 44115-2068United StatesFounded in 1995



Phone: 216-861-3810

Fax: 216-861-6754

www.theprivatetrustcompany.com/







Key Executives for The Private Trust Company, N.A.




Ms. Bethany J. Bryant


      	President
      








Mr. Jack Keane


      	Vice President and Finance & Administrative Officer 
      








Ms. Carolyn Neuner


      	Assistant Vice President and Trust Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Private Trust Company, N.A., please visit www.theprivatetrustcompany.com/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿
























Private Trust Co. NA Has $901,000 Position in Thor Industries, Inc. (NYSE:THO) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Thor Industries Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Thor Industries Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Heritage Investors Management Corp Reduces Position in Navient Corporation (NASDAQ:NAVI)
Waverton Investment Management Ltd Boosts Position in Steel Dynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ:STLD)
Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Shares Bought by Heritage Investors Management Corp
Private Trust Co. NA Has $901,000 Position in Thor Industries, Inc. (NYSE:THO)
Warburg Research Reiterates “€515.00” Price Target for Rational Ag (FRA:RAA)
The Priceline Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PCLN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.B) to Sell
Financial Comparison: China XD Plastics Company Limited (NASDAQ:CXDC) and Tenneco (TEN)
Safran SA (EPA:SAF) Given a €81.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts
Homrich & Berg Boosts Stake in American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP)
Triton International Limited (TRTN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages
Edgewood Management LLC Has $875.34 Million Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH)
Brokerages Set Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Target Price at $23.25
Imperial Brands PLC (IMT) Price Target Increased to GBX 3,770 by Analysts at J P Morgan Chase & Co
Capita PLC (CPI) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC
NextEra Energy Partners, LP (NEP) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Increased to GBX 160 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG
Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Decreased by Analyst
$0.15 Earnings Per Share Expected for TPI Composites, Inc. (NASDAQ:TPIC) This Quarter
$45.88 Million in Sales Expected for Kinsale Capital Group, Inc. (KNSL) This Quarter


 


Private Trust Co. NA Has $901,000 Position in Thor Industries, Inc. (NYSE:THO)

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Private Trust Co. NA held its stake in shares of Thor Industries, Inc. (NYSE:THO) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 8,627 shares of the construction company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Private Trust Co. NA’s holdings in Thor Industries were worth $901,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. purchased a new position in Thor Industries during the first quarter valued at approximately $154,000. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. raised its position in Thor Industries by 72.6% in the first quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. now owns 1,621 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $156,000 after buying an additional 682 shares during the period. Sandy Spring Bank raised its position in Thor Industries by 21.0% in the first quarter. Sandy Spring Bank now owns 1,670 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 290 shares during the period. Atria Investments LLC raised its position in Thor Industries by 6.1% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 2,219 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $213,000 after buying an additional 128 shares during the period. Finally, Deschutes Portfolio Strategy LLC bought a new position in Thor Industries during the first quarter worth about $226,000. 90.55% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Shares of Thor Industries, Inc. (NYSE:THO) traded down 0.67% on Friday, hitting $104.51. The company had a trading volume of 123,835 shares. The stock has a market cap of $5.50 billion, a PE ratio of 16.31 and a beta of 1.40. Thor Industries, Inc. has a 12 month low of $73.61 and a 12 month high of $115.74. The company has a 50-day moving average of $104.07 and a 200 day moving average of $100.67. 


 Get Thor Industries Inc. alerts:



Thor Industries (NYSE:THO) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, June 5th. The construction company reported $2.11 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.87 by $0.24. The business had revenue of $2.02 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.96 billion. Thor Industries had a net margin of 5.11% and a return on equity of 24.83%. Thor Industries’s revenue for the quarter was up 56.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.51 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Thor Industries, Inc. will post $6.76 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 12th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 23rd were issued a $0.33 dividend. This represents a $1.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.25%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, June 21st. Thor Industries’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 20.63%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/private-trust-co-na-has-901000-position-in-thor-industries-inc-nysetho-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts recently issued reports on THO shares. Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $111.00 target price (down from $117.00) on shares of Thor Industries in a report on Saturday, April 22nd. BMO Capital Markets cut Thor Industries from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. Zacks Investment Research cut Thor Industries from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Stifel Nicolaus assumed coverage on Thor Industries in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. They set a “hold” rating and a $110.00 target price on the stock. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. set a $125.00 target price on Thor Industries and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $107.06.
In related news, Director Alan Siegel sold 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.45, for a total transaction of $109,450.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 4,988 shares in the company, valued at $545,936.60. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. 6.60% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
About Thor Industries
Thor Industries, Inc manufactures a range of recreational vehicles (RVs) in the United States and sells those vehicles primarily in the United States and Canada. The Company’s segments include towable recreational vehicles, which consists of the operations of Airstream, Inc (Airstream) (towable); Heartland Recreational Vehicles, LLC (Heartland) (including Bison Coach, LLC (Bison), Cruiser RV, LLC (CRV) and DRV, LLC (DRV)); Jayco, Corp. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Thor Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Thor Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























