




























Accenture PLC (ACN) Stake Increased by Probity Advisors Inc. - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Accenture PLC
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Accenture PLC with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

APG Asset Management N.V. Buys 46,900 Shares of E*TRADE Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:ETFC)
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC) Shares Sold by Hengehold Capital Management LLC
Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Apollo Investment Corporation (AINV)
Wright Investors Service Inc. Has $227,000 Position in Synnex Corporation (SNX)
Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $3.79 Million Position in World Fuel Services Corporation (NYSE:INT)
Capital Impact Advisors LLC Has $1,058,000 Stake in Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST)
Facebook, Inc. (FB) Stake Decreased by P.R. Herzig & Co. Inc.
North American Management Corp Has $29.51 Million Stake in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ)
Gotham Asset Management LLC Acquires 81,463 Shares of Monsanto Company (MON)
Dream Industrial Real Estate Invest Trst Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.06 (TSE:DIR.UN)
WPT Industrial Real Estate Investment (WIR.U) Declares Dividend of $0.06
Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance
USG Corporation (NYSE:USG) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.07 EPS
AXT Inc (NASDAQ:AXTI) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Hits Estimates
Extended Stay America, Inc. (NYSE:STAY) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
Kaman Corporation (KAMN) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Northcoast Research
Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) Given Hold Rating at Stifel Nicolaus
Intercontinental Hotels Group (IHG) Given “Buy” Rating at Bank of America Corporation
Silicom Ltd (SILC) Given “Buy” Rating at Needham & Company LLC



 


Accenture PLC (ACN) Stake Increased by Probity Advisors Inc.

					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Probity Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in  Accenture PLC (NYSE:ACN) by 8.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 2,230 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock after buying an additional 165 shares during the period. Probity Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Accenture PLC were worth $267,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of ACN. Coconut Grove Bank increased its position in shares of  Accenture PLC by 75.7% in the first quarter. Coconut Grove Bank now owns 845 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $101,000 after buying an additional 364 shares in the last quarter.  Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. increased its position in shares of  Accenture PLC by 1.3% in the first quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. now owns 865 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last quarter.  Howe & Rusling Inc. increased its position in shares of  Accenture PLC by 14.2% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 908 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 113 shares in the last quarter.  Parkside Financial Bank & Trust increased its position in shares of  Accenture PLC by 2.0% in the first quarter. Parkside Financial Bank & Trust now owns 978 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $117,000 after buying an additional 19 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Opera Trading Capital purchased a new position in shares of  Accenture PLC during the first quarter valued at $119,000. 77.43% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Accenture PLC alerts:



Shares of Accenture PLC (ACN) opened at 128.85 on Monday. Accenture PLC has a 12 month low of $108.83 and a 12 month high of $128.96. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $125.43 and its 200 day moving average is $121.08. The stock has a market capitalization of $79.63 billion, a PE ratio of 22.82 and a beta of 1.11. 




Accenture PLC (NYSE:ACN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, June 22nd. The information technology services provider reported $1.52 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.52. The firm had revenue of $8.87 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.82 billion. Accenture PLC had a net margin of 9.92% and a return on equity of 43.96%. Accenture PLC’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.41 earnings per share.  Analysts anticipate that  Accenture PLC will post $5.90 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Accenture PLC (ACN) Stake Increased by Probity Advisors Inc.” was first  reported by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/accenture-plc-acn-stake-increased-by-probity-advisors-inc.html. 
ACN has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Berenberg Bank  set a $140.00 target price on shares of Accenture PLC and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, June 24th. Cantor Fitzgerald  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $135.00 target price on shares of Accenture PLC in a report on Monday, May 29th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. downgraded shares of Accenture PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $122.15 to $130.00 in a report on Wednesday, May 24th. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $130.00 target price (up previously from $125.00) on shares of Accenture PLC in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, Morgan Stanley  set a $132.00 target price on shares of Accenture PLC and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, June 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned  a hold rating, thirteen have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. Accenture PLC currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $130.71.
In related news, insider Richard Lumb sold 2,200 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, July 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $127.51, for a total transaction of $280,522.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 119,942 shares in the company, valued at $15,293,804.42. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Gianfranco Casati sold 6,836 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, June 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $122.97, for a total transaction of $840,622.92. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 61,714 shares in the company, valued at $7,588,970.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 72,457 shares of company stock worth $8,911,628 over the last 90 days. 0.21% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Accenture PLC
Accenture plc is a professional services company serving clients in various industries and in geographic regions, including North America, Europe and Growth Markets. The Company provides management and technology consulting services. Its segments include Communications, Media and Technology; Financial Services; Health and Public Service; Products, and Resources.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ACN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Accenture PLC (NYSE:ACN).







Receive News & Ratings for Accenture PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Accenture PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Wright Investors Service Inc. Has $227,000 Position in Synnex Corporation 





Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Apollo Investment Corporation 





PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.   Shares Sold by Hengehold Capital Management LLC





APG Asset Management N.V. Buys 46,900 Shares of E*TRADE Financial Corporation 





Facebook, Inc.  Stake Decreased by P.R. Herzig & Co. Inc.





Capital Impact Advisors LLC Has $1,058,000 Stake in Costco Wholesale Corporation 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 











































 















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Probity Advisors Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







PROBITY ADVISORS


Premium Company Report








The Premium Probity Advisors Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$24.99


View subscription options







10000 N. Central ExpresswaySuite 1326 Dallas, TX 75231 
Company Profile & Financial Information for Probity Advisors
Probity Advisors's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show Probity Advisors's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate Probity Advisors's strengths. 
Probity Advisors operates in the Securities, Commodity Contracts & Other Financial Investments industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show Probity Advisors's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

Revenue$1 - $10 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees1 - 10Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry523 Securities, Commodity Contracts & Other Financial Investments

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	Probity Advisors's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

Probity Advisors Revenue and Growth Rate

Probity Advisors
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Income Statement (Industry Averages)
Probity Advisors's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 

Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

NESTINGEASYProviding web-based, automated and customized personal finance management services 12/16/2016WEALTH SERVICES ALLIANCEcollaborative association of business and personal service providers, offering financial consulting services in the fields of accounting, insurance, investments and portfolio management 09/24/2004PROBITY ADVISORSInvestment services, namely, investment management, planning and consulting; individual investment portfolio management; and securities and mutual funds investment 03/21/2003 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether Probity Advisors grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof Probity Advisors is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: Probity Advisors vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as Probity Advisors, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)CITIGROUPStamford, CT100 FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGEMclean, VA48 FMRBoston, MA31 INTL FCSTONENew York, NY15 FMRMerrimack, NH13 Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to Probity Advisors, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

Probity Advisors's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as Probity Advisors and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.2054 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.








Probity Advisors Inc                                                                                                     - Dallas                                            , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Dallas



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Probity Advisors Inc
                                    



 





















P 


Probity Advisors Inc                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



10000 N CENTRAL EXPY # 1326 DALLAS, TX 75231
Get Directions



(214) 891-8131
www.probityadvisors.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 2002
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $500,000.00
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Porter Ozanne                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2002 the company has been providing Management Investment, Open-end. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






About Us | Probity Advisors, Inc. - A Member of Wealth Services Alliance















































Client Login


 























About Us             










At Probity Advisors, Inc.®, our name reflects our guiding principle.  Probity, by definition, means integrity and honesty – and that’s what you can expect, in all facets of your relationship with our company.
Probity Advisors, Inc. is a financial services firm based in Dallas, Texas.  For more than 60 years, Probity has helped individuals, families and businesses manage their financial assets and resources in order to achieve financial independence and security.  With expertise in customized portfolio management, financial and estate planning, retirement benefits consulting, risk management solutions and tax planning, Probity provides a comprehensive and integrated approach to managing and building wealth.
Probity’s team of Certified Financial Planners®, Chartered Financial Analysts®, and Chartered Financial Consultants® is committed to providing sound and unbiased advice to help clients optimize their complete financial picture with a coordinated estate, investment and tax strategy.



Our Client Services Team

 Adam Bronson, CFA®Portfolio Manager    Alissa KaiserSenior Associate    Christopher Sorrow, MBA, CFA®Vice President    Porter L. Ozanne, III, AEP®, ChFC®President  
 

About Wealth Services Alliance®
Wealth Services Alliance was created more than a decade ago to offer comprehensive financial and wealth management services to clients through an alliance of professionals — all working together in concert under a single organization.  Most individuals juggle their financial lives managing a range of independent professionals, including a CPA for taxes, an investment advisor for portfolios, a financial planner for estate planning purposes, and an agent for risk management solutions.  Under this segregated structure, each advisor may work independently, without interaction and without communication with a client’s other trusted advisors.  This is often inefficient and time consuming, requiring the individual client to unify and implement the advice from various professionals and specialists.
Wealth Services Alliance presents a new paradigm to financial advice focused on putting the client in the center.  On behalf of our clients, Wealth Services Alliance integrates accounting, portfolio management, planning, and risk management into a comprehensive, customized solution for each individual and business client.  That means your portfolio manager talks to your CPA about potential tax consequences related to trades in your portfolio.  That means your estate planning goals and your financial planning strategies are aligned.  And, that means that every effort to help manage and protect your financial future is cohesive and coordinated.  With Wealth Services Alliance, you have a team of experts specializing in all fields of wealth management, working in unison on your behalf for optimal financial outcomes.  All of us sit on the same side of the table: yours.
The members of Wealth Services Alliance include three independent and experienced companies, each specializing in different areas of personal and business finance — working together on your behalf to provide holistic solutions and advice.
Probity Advisors, Inc.®  – a comprehensive financial management firm employing the latest technology, research, and insight to deliver individualized, professionally managed portfolios, as well as corporate retirement planning services.  The associates at Probity Advisors, Inc. include estate and financial planning advisors, as well as highly credentialed and experienced portfolio managers and analysts.
McKinnon Patten – McKinnon Patten, Certified Public Accountants, is a full-service accounting and business valuation resource with nearly four decades of successful client service.  Click here to learn more about McKinnon Patten.
Ozanne Financial Services – a holistic financial planning firm offering retirement planning, estate planning, and risk management through life, disability and long-term care insurance, education planning, business continuation and exit strategy, as well as corporate retirement plan design and education.
Every member of Wealth Services Alliance is committed to the highest standards of professional service.   We don’t just share office space: we share a commitment to helping clients achieve financial security through the integration of planning, portfolio management, risk management, and tax planning.

 
































Contact Us | Probity Advisors, Inc. - A Member of Wealth Services Alliance















































Client Login


 
























Contact Us              










Our Location


Contact Form
Please contact our office today at (214) 891-8131 to speak with one of our advisors.










Your Name: *
 
Your Email: *
 
Message: *
 

Captcha: *








Probity Advisors, Inc. Location
10,000 North Central Expressway Suite 1326 Dallas, TX 75231
 
Business Hours
Monday - Friday 9 am to 5 pm


































Probity Advisors, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Probity Advisors, Inc.


Probity Advisors, Inc.
(CRD# 121849) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Dallas, TX.
They
manage $287,934,080 in 822 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 32 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Probity Advisors, Inc.




10000 N. Central Expressway, Suite 1326,
Dallas,
TX
75231
214-891-8131
http://www.probityadvisors.com/




http://www.probityadvisors.com/







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

288
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

822
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$350,285







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Pension consulting services
Publication of periodicals or newsletters
Educational seminars/workshops








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AL, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, ID, IL, IN, KS, LA, MA, MD, MI, MO, MS, MT, NC, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA






Financial Advisors at Probity Advisors, Inc.




Showing 1 - 5 of 5 top financial advisors.





1















Adam A. Bronson



CRD#:
4228649



10000 N. Central Expressway, #1326,
Dallas,
TX
75231




96

Wealthminder
score








Adam Bronson (CRD# 4228649) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Probity Advisors, Inc. in Dallas, TX and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Christopher T. Sorrow



CRD#:
4576613



10000 N. Central Expressway, Suite 1326,
Dallas,
TX
75243




96

Wealthminder
score








Christopher Sorrow (CRD# 4576613) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Probity Advisors, Inc. in Dallas, TX and has 
over 14 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Albert M. Campbell



CRD#:
5369735



10000 N. Central Expressway, #1326,
Dallas,
TX
75231




93

Wealthminder
score








Albert Campbell (CRD# 5369735) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Probity Advisors, Inc. in Dallas, TX and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Marcus W. Magers



CRD#:
4256294



10000 N. Central Expressway, Suite 1326,
Dallas,
TX
75231




93

Wealthminder
score








Marcus Magers (CRD# 4256294) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Probity Advisors, Inc. in Dallas, TX and has 
over 13 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Porter L. Ozanne



CRD#:
354799



Ten Thousand North Central Expressway, Suite 1326,
Dallas,
TX
75231




86

Wealthminder
score








Porter Ozanne (CRD# 354799) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Probity Advisors, Inc. in Dallas, TX and has 
over 32 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now


















Custom Portfolio Management | Probity Advisors, Inc. - A Member of Wealth Services Alliance















































Client Login


 
























Custom Portfolio Management             
 









Individually Managed Accounts for every client
Every client is unique, with different goals and levels of risk tolerance. But to us, it goes beyond that. Every client has a story – a dream of early retirement, a goal of traveling around the world, or the basic desire not to outlive your money. That’s why we believe in individually managed accounts, and a customized plan – for every client.
An individually managed account is a professionally managed portfolio of securities that are owned directly by the client. Unlike mutual funds, these assets aren’t commingled with those of other investors. That means we can customize the investments to reflect your personal preferences, and manage these accounts for minimum tax impact. In short, you get all the benefits of professional money management with the flexibility, control, and potential tax advantages of owning individual securities. In the past, individually managed accounts were only an option for the very wealthy investor. Using advanced technology, experience, and resources, Probity Advisors has made these customized portfolios available to a broader range of clients, so more people can take advantage of the benefits.
We’ve developed our investment methodology to focus on long-term wealth creation and capital preservation. It’s how we can help you achieve your individual goals – no matter the size of your portfolio.
Our Investment Philosophy
Probity Advisors approaches the investment process with four basic goals in mind:

Fully understand your needs and objectives.
Design a custom, diversified portfolio that is consistent with your needs and objectives.
Regularly review and optimize holdings based on economic conditions, our analysis, and research.
Approach everything we do with honesty and integrity.



Our Investment Methodology
Probity Advisors takes a comprehensive approach when investing client portfolios – including profiling and suitability analysis, securities research, and portfolio execution and monitoring. The cornerstone of our custom portfolios is the frontier analytic, where we take qualitative feedback from you – then determine the appropriate return objective given your risk tolerance. This risk tolerance profile guides our portfolio managers in developing an asset allocation strategy that is both unique and suited to your needs. The investment process doesn’t end there. Our team regularly reviews portfolios to ensure they are best positioned for the current environment and according to your changing life circumstances.
A One-of-a-Kind Investment Experience
Our methodology is based on extensive research, our clients’ specific goals and preferences, our knowledge, and our expertise. Each one of our clients’ portfolios is managed individually, with its own goals, objectives, and risk tolerance levels. As a result, every portfolio is unique – holding different securities and asset classes – each custom-designed for the individual needs of the client. The result is a well-planned, well-researched, one-of-a-kind investment experience for every client, no matter what size that portfolio may be. That’s true value. That’s the Probity Advisors difference.
Personal portfolio. Personal service.
Some say it. We do it. Probity Advisors keeps the communication going, from our first meeting on. You can expect a level of access you’ve never had before, and a higher level of commitment from everyone at our firm. Our mission is simple – to empower clients through solid, individualized financial management. And we deliver on that promise every day.









What makes individually managed accounts better?

Customization
  Probity Advisors customizes every portfolio around our client’s need for growth or income, social and moral concerns, and tax liabilities.
Tax Sensitivity Investors in mutual funds can be exposed to unanticipated tax liabilities, resulting from excessive trading or prior capital gains, which can negatively impact the portfolio’s overall performance. Individually managed accounts help minimize tax liability by managing securities with the individual investor’s tax consequences in mind.
Individual Market Entry and Exit With individually managed accounts, security sale and purchase points can be carefully selected or targeted. This strategy provides the opportunity for enhanced returns but creates a cost basis and profit/loss that are unique to the individual – unlike pooled accounts, where investors could share tax liability, regardless of personal gain.
Diversification Investments are allocated in a variety of investment styles and disciplines to better insulate the portfolio from market fluctuations.
Transparency Clients are always aware of the investments they hold, and better informed of the fees charged to the account.






































About Us | Probity Advisors, Inc. - A Member of Wealth Services Alliance















































Client Login


 























About Us             










At Probity Advisors, Inc.®, our name reflects our guiding principle.  Probity, by definition, means integrity and honesty – and that’s what you can expect, in all facets of your relationship with our company.
Probity Advisors, Inc. is a financial services firm based in Dallas, Texas.  For more than 60 years, Probity has helped individuals, families and businesses manage their financial assets and resources in order to achieve financial independence and security.  With expertise in customized portfolio management, financial and estate planning, retirement benefits consulting, risk management solutions and tax planning, Probity provides a comprehensive and integrated approach to managing and building wealth.
Probity’s team of Certified Financial Planners®, Chartered Financial Analysts®, and Chartered Financial Consultants® is committed to providing sound and unbiased advice to help clients optimize their complete financial picture with a coordinated estate, investment and tax strategy.



Our Client Services Team

 Adam Bronson, CFA®Portfolio Manager    Alissa KaiserSenior Associate    Christopher Sorrow, MBA, CFA®Vice President    Porter L. Ozanne, III, AEP®, ChFC®President  
 

About Wealth Services Alliance®
Wealth Services Alliance was created more than a decade ago to offer comprehensive financial and wealth management services to clients through an alliance of professionals — all working together in concert under a single organization.  Most individuals juggle their financial lives managing a range of independent professionals, including a CPA for taxes, an investment advisor for portfolios, a financial planner for estate planning purposes, and an agent for risk management solutions.  Under this segregated structure, each advisor may work independently, without interaction and without communication with a client’s other trusted advisors.  This is often inefficient and time consuming, requiring the individual client to unify and implement the advice from various professionals and specialists.
Wealth Services Alliance presents a new paradigm to financial advice focused on putting the client in the center.  On behalf of our clients, Wealth Services Alliance integrates accounting, portfolio management, planning, and risk management into a comprehensive, customized solution for each individual and business client.  That means your portfolio manager talks to your CPA about potential tax consequences related to trades in your portfolio.  That means your estate planning goals and your financial planning strategies are aligned.  And, that means that every effort to help manage and protect your financial future is cohesive and coordinated.  With Wealth Services Alliance, you have a team of experts specializing in all fields of wealth management, working in unison on your behalf for optimal financial outcomes.  All of us sit on the same side of the table: yours.
The members of Wealth Services Alliance include three independent and experienced companies, each specializing in different areas of personal and business finance — working together on your behalf to provide holistic solutions and advice.
Probity Advisors, Inc.®  – a comprehensive financial management firm employing the latest technology, research, and insight to deliver individualized, professionally managed portfolios, as well as corporate retirement planning services.  The associates at Probity Advisors, Inc. include estate and financial planning advisors, as well as highly credentialed and experienced portfolio managers and analysts.
McKinnon Patten – McKinnon Patten, Certified Public Accountants, is a full-service accounting and business valuation resource with nearly four decades of successful client service.  Click here to learn more about McKinnon Patten.
Ozanne Financial Services – a holistic financial planning firm offering retirement planning, estate planning, and risk management through life, disability and long-term care insurance, education planning, business continuation and exit strategy, as well as corporate retirement plan design and education.
Every member of Wealth Services Alliance is committed to the highest standards of professional service.   We don’t just share office space: we share a commitment to helping clients achieve financial security through the integration of planning, portfolio management, risk management, and tax planning.

 
































Financial Planning Essentials | Probity Advisors, Inc. - A Member of Wealth Services Alliance















































Client Login


 























Financial Planning Essentials             










Building a Financial Plan
Financial planning is the process of developing a strategy to meet the financial needs of today while preparing for tomorrow through proper management of your financial resources. It is an important part of achieving financial security and independence, as well as an essential component for building wealth.
Working with a financial planner helps individuals gain insight into their complete financial picture, taking into consideration all matters related to their financial situation, including current lifestyle and spending, budgeting, expenses, debt, and saving. Understanding how each of these topics work together and affect each other, along with external factors, such as inflation and taxes, is important for laying the groundwork for a solid financial foundation.
While every plan is unique to fit each person’s specific circumstances, every individual who invests in building a solid financial plan will benefit. A financial plan can help individuals get their personal finances on track and determine the amount of money needed to save for retirement. Your plan will also be a reflection of your ambitions and dreams for the future, and will help pave a smooth financial path for you to achieve both immediate and long-term goals that are realistic for you and your family.
Managing your long-term financial affairs requires careful thought and consideration. Probity Advisors, Inc. can help individuals develop a customized plan to optimize their financial resources to achieve their future goals and dreams.
Probity Advisors has been developing financial plans for individuals and businesses for more than 40 years. We strive to make the financial planning process as easy as possible and will walk you through each step to ensure that (1) you are comfortable and confident with your decisions and that (2) you have both the understanding and the tools you need to implement your plan.
Building a Financial Plan
In order to build your financial plan, your advisor will meet with you to begin developing a complete picture of your financial life. Since most people do not have a personal balance sheet readily available, we guide you through the discovery process by helping you identify and gather all of your current financial data. This may include bank statements, tax returns, insurance policies, 401k statements, loans or debt, mortgage information, estate documents, and employee benefits materials.
Your Goals
Understanding your personal finances is one step in the process. Your advisor will help you identify and articulate your aspirations for the future, whether that may be purchasing a home, paying for a child’s education, starting a business, or retiring early.
Your Financial Picture
Your advisor will undertake a very detailed and methodical analysis of your financial data and your individual situation. He or she will discuss with you the many factors involved in creating a sound financial plan that is both reasonable and attainable. Your advisor will help you prioritize your goals, and help put you on a path to reach those goals.
With a thorough understanding of your financial position and knowledge of what you want to accomplish, we will develop a comprehensive set of recommendations that serves to help you meet both your long- and short-term expectations. We will review with you all of the options available and guide you towards making decisions in the best interest of your financial health and well-being.


Your financial plan may include the following components: Personal and Family BudgetingYour financial plan will balance your current spending needs and determine a budget that will help you reach your financial goals. Retirement PlanningYour financial planner will discuss with you when you want to retire and help you determine how much you will need in retirement. Estate Planning
An estate plan is one component of financial planning that focuses on the management and dispersion of your assets if something were to happen to you. Managing Investments
A financial planning advisor can provide guidance on managing investable savings and income to help you reach your goals. Tax Management
The financial planning process helps individuals navigate changing tax laws and maximize deductions. Risk Management
Your financial advisor will help you prepare for unexpected events that could significantly impact your financial well-being. Insurance
Insurance can help you protect what you have worked hard to build. A financial planner can determine if you have enough insurance or are over insured. Business Exit Strategy Planning
Exit strategy planning can assist business owners with addressing a myriad of issues when personal wealth is closely tied to business interests.  
 
Professional Advice
Our advice and opinions regarding your financial plan are independent, professional and unbiased. After we build your financial plan, the next step is up to you. If you choose to implement your financial plan with us, we will put our expertise to work for you with our unique, integrated approach to wealth management. Probity Advisors offers the benefit of comprehensive financial services within one organization, including customized portfolio management, financial and estate planning, and tax management.
Our financial planners are highly credentialed and experienced, and our financial planning expertise is offered as a fee-based service without any obligation relating to investment management or other services or products. Utilizing professional financial planning provides assurance and confidence that the advice is sound and secure and that your plan is up-to-date with ever-changing estate and tax laws.
Periodic Review of Your Plan
The ongoing review of your financial plan is just as important as the creation. It is recommended that individuals review their plan every one to two years to assess its effectiveness and to make adjustments to accommodate any changes in their personal situation that could affect their plan. These life changes may include the birth of a child, receipt of an inheritance, sale of a business, or a change in marital status. Your financial advisor will help you track your progress toward your financial goals or re-evaluate your goals to make sure you are on the road to reaching your target.
Managing your long-term financial affairs requires careful thought and consideration. Probity Advisors, Inc. can help individuals develop a customized plan to optimize their financial resources to achieve their future goals and dreams.


































Probity Advisors, Inc. - A Member of Wealth Services Alliance















































Client Login


 






















Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.





Financial PlanningPrepare and plan for the future Custom Portfolio ManagementIndividually managed investment accounts Estate PlanningPreserve and protect your assets



Insights & Solutions








Be Greater AwardProbity Named WinnerComprehensive PlanningInsights from Probity’s FounderWealth ManagementAnnual Planning GuideEstate PlanningAdvisor Q&AWorkplace SavingsRetirement Plan SpecialistsFinancial Planning101Speaker Series“Honey, I’m Home!”Succession PlanningAdvisor Q&A
 News  / Weekly Market Commentary 
07
Jul
Jobs Report Lifts MarketsJuly 7th, 2017 Strong jobs and manufacturing numbers this week helped lift investor spirits for 
23
Jun
Little Fizzle Ahead of the FourthJune 23rd, 2017 It was another uneventful week for the major U.S. equity indices. Existing   We approach each client situation and the advice we provide with the same guiding philosophy we use to run our firm:

"Is it wise? Is it economically sound? Will it benefit everyone concerned?" Porter L. Ozanne, III,  President, Probity Advisors, Inc.Peace of mind is one of the greatest gifts you can give your loved ones. Knowing you have your financial affairs in order to protect those close to you is one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself. Porter L. Ozanne, III,  President, Probity Advisors, Inc.Our goal is to help our clients make sound, informed decisions about their financial lives. We do this by understanding the needs of each individual client, and then developing a comprehensive and structured plan to help them achieve their financial objectives. Porter L. Ozanne, III, President, Probity Advisors, Inc.We provide advice and guidance to help individuals and families create and grow wealth, as well as to preserve and protect their assets. Porter L. Ozanne, III,  President, Probity Advisors, Inc. 






























Probity Advisors, Inc. - A Member of Wealth Services Alliance















































Client Login


 






















Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.Plan. Execute. Achieve.





Financial PlanningPrepare and plan for the future Custom Portfolio ManagementIndividually managed investment accounts Estate PlanningPreserve and protect your assets



Insights & Solutions








Be Greater AwardProbity Named WinnerComprehensive PlanningInsights from Probity’s FounderWealth ManagementAnnual Planning GuideEstate PlanningAdvisor Q&AWorkplace SavingsRetirement Plan SpecialistsFinancial Planning101Speaker Series“Honey, I’m Home!”Succession PlanningAdvisor Q&A
 News  / Weekly Market Commentary 
07
Jul
Jobs Report Lifts MarketsJuly 7th, 2017 Strong jobs and manufacturing numbers this week helped lift investor spirits for 
23
Jun
Little Fizzle Ahead of the FourthJune 23rd, 2017 It was another uneventful week for the major U.S. equity indices. Existing   We approach each client situation and the advice we provide with the same guiding philosophy we use to run our firm:

"Is it wise? Is it economically sound? Will it benefit everyone concerned?" Porter L. Ozanne, III,  President, Probity Advisors, Inc.Peace of mind is one of the greatest gifts you can give your loved ones. Knowing you have your financial affairs in order to protect those close to you is one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself. Porter L. Ozanne, III,  President, Probity Advisors, Inc.Our goal is to help our clients make sound, informed decisions about their financial lives. We do this by understanding the needs of each individual client, and then developing a comprehensive and structured plan to help them achieve their financial objectives. Porter L. Ozanne, III, President, Probity Advisors, Inc.We provide advice and guidance to help individuals and families create and grow wealth, as well as to preserve and protect their assets. Porter L. Ozanne, III,  President, Probity Advisors, Inc. 


























﻿






























Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) Shares Sold by Sit Investment Associates Inc. - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Ambarella Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ambarella Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

BTIM Corp. Buys New Stake in PerkinElmer, Inc. (NYSE:PKI)
Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) Shares Sold by Sit Investment Associates Inc.
Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $576,000 Stake in Fortis Inc. (FTS)
Sit Investment Associates Inc. Invests $525,000 in Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings (NASDAQ:AAWW)
Contrasting PC-Tel (PCTI) and Garmin (GRMN)
Reviewing Costamare (CMRE) & Golden Ocean Group Limited (GOGL)
Boeing Company (The) (BA) & Textron (TXT) Head-To-Head Analysis
Comparing Canon (CAJ) and Pitney Bowes (PBI)
Contrasting IMPINJ (PI) and SuperCom (SPCB)
Analyzing SEACOR Holdings (CKH) & CGG (CGG)
Critical Comparison: LKQ Corporation (LKQ) and Genuine Parts (GPC)
First National Bank of Omaha Sells 1,155 Shares of Restaurant Brands International Inc. (NYSE:QSR)
Sit Investment Associates Inc. Purchases 2,250 Shares of Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB)
WPP PLC (NASDAQ:WPPGY) Stake Boosted by Sit Investment Associates Inc.
Green Plains, Inc. (GPRE) Stake Reduced by Sit Investment Associates Inc.
Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics (BCLI) Earning Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Analysis Finds
Fulton Bank N.A. Buys 399 Shares of Stericycle, Inc. (SRCL)
Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) Shares Sold by Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC
TRANSAT AT Inc to Post FY2018 Earnings of ($0.05) Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (TRZ)
LS Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Equity Residential (EQR)







Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) Shares Sold by Sit Investment Associates Inc.


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Sit Investment Associates Inc. cut its position in  Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) by 48.8% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 13,475 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock after selling 12,850 shares during the period. Sit Investment Associates Inc.’s holdings in Ambarella were worth $654,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. raised its position in  Ambarella by 2.5% in the first quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. now owns 3,605 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $197,000 after buying an additional 88 shares in the last quarter.  Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. raised its position in  Ambarella by 1.1% in the first quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. now owns 8,121 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $444,000 after buying an additional 92 shares in the last quarter.  Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its position in  Ambarella by 4.5% in the first quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 4,174 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $228,000 after buying an additional 181 shares in the last quarter.  First National Bank of Omaha raised its position in  Ambarella by 0.9% in the second quarter. First National Bank of Omaha now owns 22,583 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $1,096,000 after buying an additional 205 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Greylin Investment Mangement Inc. raised its position in  Ambarella by 2.6% in the first quarter. Greylin Investment Mangement Inc. now owns 21,730 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $1,189,000 after buying an additional 550 shares in the last quarter. 55.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Ambarella Inc. alerts:



Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) opened at 50.72 on Monday. Ambarella, Inc. has a 52-week low of $46.80 and a 52-week high of $74.95. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $51.16 and its 200 day moving average price is $54.27. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.98 and a beta of 1.63. 





Ambarella (NASDAQ:AMBA) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, June 6th. The semiconductor company reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.36 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $64.10 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $63.54 million. Ambarella had a return on equity of 13.70% and a net margin of 18.47%. Ambarella’s quarterly revenue was up 12.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.34 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts predict that  Ambarella, Inc. will post $2.07 earnings per share for the current year. 
Ambarella declared that its Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program on Tuesday, June 6th that allows the company to buyback $50.00 million in  outstanding  shares. This buyback authorization allows the semiconductor company to reacquire up to 2.5% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares buyback programs are usually an indication that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) Shares Sold by Sit Investment Associates Inc.” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/ambarella-inc-nasdaqamba-shares-sold-by-sit-investment-associates-inc.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Vetr lowered Ambarella from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $62.50 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $64.00 price objective (down from $65.00) on shares of Ambarella in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. Needham & Company LLC  reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Ambarella in a research note on Friday, June 9th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Ambarella from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, June 9th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $72.00 price objective on shares of Ambarella in a research note on Wednesday, June 7th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned  a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $67.88.
In other Ambarella news, insider Leslie Kohn sold 5,973 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.77, for a total transaction of $291,303.21. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 904,530 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $44,113,928.10. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CFO George Laplante sold 4,836 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.77, for a total value of $235,851.72. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 100,848 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,918,356.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 23,963 shares of company stock worth $1,168,676. 5.80% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Ambarella
Ambarella, Inc offers semiconductor processing solutions for video that enable high-definition (HD), video capture, sharing and display. The Company operates through the development and sale of low-power, high-definition video products segment. Its system-on-a-chip designs incorporate HD video processing, image processing, audio processing and system functions onto a single chip.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AMBA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA).







Receive News & Ratings for Ambarella Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ambarella Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































