






Proclara Biosciences


































































Restoring ClarityA singular approach to protein misfolding diseases













OUR TECHnologyOur platform is uniquely able to target multiple misfolded protein aggregates implicated in serious diseases

Learn More










AN URGENT NEEDLearn about our approach to meet the dire need for new treatments for neurodegenerative diseases

Learn More










LATEST NEWSProclara Biosciences Presents New Preclinical Data Supporting the Development of NPT189 at Alzheimer’s Association International Conference (AAIC) 2017

Learn More
 







Learn more about Proclara Biosciences.

Contact Us →
















News — Proclara Biosciences






















































NewsPress ReleasesProclara Biosciences Presents New Preclinical Data Supporting the Development of NPT189 at Alzheimer’s Association International Conference (AAIC) 2017July 18, 2017 Proclara Biosciences Announces Pipeline ProgressJuly 17, 2017 Proclara Biosciences Appoints Suzanne Bruhn, Ph.D., as Chief Executive Officer to Guide Development of Novel Approach for Neurodegenerative Disease s  April 26, 2017 Proclara Biosciences Australia, a subsidiary of Proclara Biosciences, awarded grant by Biopharmaceuticals Australia to help develop new biotherapy with blockbuster potentialMarch 10, 2017 Proclara Biosciences to Present at Cowen and Company 37th Annual Health Care ConferenceMarch 1, 2017 Proclara Biosciences to Present at 28th Annual Piper Jaffray Healthcare ConferenceNovember 23, 2016Proclara Biosciences Awarded Part the Cloud Grant from Alzheimer’s Association to Support Development of NPT088 for Alzheimer’s DiseaseNovember 18, 2016Proclara Biosciences Announces Newly Issued U.S. Patents for its Core Technology Targeting Protein Misfolding DisordersNovember 16, 2016Proclara Biosciences Announces $47 Million in New Investment to Support the Development of Product Candidates in Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and Other DiseasesSeptember 07, 2016Proclara Biosciences Announces Initiation of Phase 1b Clinical Trial of NPT088 for Alzheimer’s DiseaseSeptember 07, 2016 Note: prior to September, 2016, Proclara Biosciences was known as NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals.     NeuroPhage’s NPT088 Universally Targets Misfolded Proteins in Preclinical Studies Highlighted in Oral Session at the Alzheimer’s Association International ConferenceJuly 19, 2015NeuroPhage to be Featured in Oral Session at the 2015 Alzheimer’s Association International ConferenceJuly 13, 2015NeuroPhage to Participate on Neuroscience Drug Development Panel at MassBio Annual Meeting March 27, 2015March 20, 2015NeuroPhage to Present at 12th International Conference on Alzheimer’s & Parkinson’s DiseasesMarch 16, 2015NeuroPhage Expands Series D Financing to $27 MillionJanuary 14, 2015

View more press releases
In the NewsTargeting toxic proteins: Novel drug approaches to defeat dementiasPatricia F. Fitzpatrick Dimond, GEN December 2, 2016 New clues to target Alzheimer’s found in proteinsShirley S. Wang, Wall Street Journal July 20, 2015 Alzheimer’s drugs in the works might treat other diseases, tooJon Hamilton, NPRJuly 22, 2015 Universal plaque-busting drug could treat various brain diseasesAndy Coghlan, New ScientistJuly 11, 2015 The bright side of Parkinson’sJohn Palfreman, New York TimesFebruary 21, 2015Media ContactSarah SuttonTen Bridge Communications518-932-3680sarah@tenbridgecommunications.comInvestor Contact    Hannah DeresiewiczStern Investor Relations, Inc.(212) 362-1200hannahd@sternir.com 




Learn more about Proclara Biosciences.

Contact Us →
















Our Programs — Proclara Biosciences






















































Our ProgramsProclara’s therapies are designed to simultaneously target multiple misfolded proteins implicated in neurodegenerative and other diseases.Our lead product candidate, NPT088, is currently in clinical development for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. We are also advancing preclinical programs in a broad range of neurodegenerative and systemic amyloidosis diseases.

Learn more about our Phase 1b clinical trial of NPT088
Pipeline







NPT088Proclara Bioscience’s lead development program, NPT088, is a fusion protein combining GAIM with the backbone of a human immunoglobulin, and is delivered by intravenous administration. Because it acts on both protein aggregates implicated in Alzheimer’s disease – amyloid-β (Aβ) and Tau – NPT088 may be better suited to treat the complex pathophysiology of the disease than other monotherapies currently in development.Proclara recently completed a Phase 1a safety study of NPT088 involving 40 healthy volunteers, which demonstrated that a single administration appears to be both safe and well tolerated at multiple dose levels.We are currently midway through conducting a Phase 1b, multiple ascending dose study of NPT088, which will enroll up to 66 patients diagnosed with probable Alzheimer’s disease. The randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study will evaluate the safety and tolerability of multiple doses of NPT088, as well as pharmacokinetics, immunogenicity and pharmacodynamic (effects on biomarkers) characteristics.NPT189NPT189 is a 2nd generation GAIM-immunoglobulin fusion designed to lower the risk of human immunogenicity and displaying potent targeting of misfolded aggregated protein deposits found in systemic amyloidoses, such as transthyretin (TTR) and antibody light chain (AL) aggregates. NPT189 is currently proceeding through manufacturing development and being evaluated in preclinical animal safety studies in preparation for IND filing and clinical testing to commence in H1 2018.3rd Generation CandidatesIn addition to our two drug candidates NPT088 and NPT189, Proclara has conducted extensive Structure Activity Relationship (SAR) research to identify 3rd generation candidates using our GAIM technology platform with attributes that should deliver potential benefits to patients suffering from a broad range of neurodegenerative and systemic amyloidosis diseases.




Learn more about Proclara Biosciences.

Contact Us →
















About — Proclara Biosciences





















































About Proclara BiosciencesProclara is pioneering a new approach to treating neurodegenerative diseases. By developing novel therapies that recognize and target multiple misfolded proteins, we aim to make a transformative impact on the lives of patients affected by Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, orphan peripheral amyloidosis, and other diseases caused by protein misfolding. Our approach is shaped by an experienced team with deep drug development experience, and productive collaborations with world-class advisors and partners. Management Team









Suzanne Bruhn, PhDChief Executive Officer









Franz Hefti, PhDChief Operating Officer









Hampus Hillerstrom, MS, MBAExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 









Richard Fisher, PhDChief Scientific Officer









Roxanne Bales, MAVice President,Regulatory and Compliance









Jason Wright, PhD, MSVice President,Manufacturing 









Michael Grundman, MD, MPHClinical Development Leader









Michelle Gray, MHSSenior Director, Clinical Operations









Rajaraman Krishnan, PhD, MSSenior Director, Research 









Jonathan Levenson, PhDSenior Director, Preclinical Research and Development 







Board of DirectorsDaniel Lynch, MBAExecutive Chairman of the BoardSuzanne Bruhn, PhDBoard MemberJohn Dee, MS, MBABoard MemberPaul Goldenheim, MDBoard MemberHans SchoepflinBoard MemberKenneth Buckfire, MBABoard MemberNick Leschly, MBABoard Member







Scientific Advisory BoardPaul Aisen, MDUniversity of Southern CaliforniaDavid Hafler, MD, MSYale UniversityDavid Holtzman, MDWashington UniversityBradley Hyman, MD, PhDHarvard UniversityKenneth Marek, MDYale UniversityGreg Petsko, PhDCornell UniversityBeka Solomon, PhDUniversity of Tel Aviv 







Investors & PartnersCurrent Investors















Private InvestorsIn addition to Merieux and Shire, Proclara has received funding from private life sciences investors from Europe and the US. Current PartnersWe are actively forging strategic partnerships to accelerate the development of our novel therapies for patients with protein misfolding diseases.Companies interested in exploring partnering opportunities should contact bd@proclarabio.com.  Research Partnerships







































































 Clinical Partnerships















Maunfacturing partnerships















  







Learn more about Proclara Biosciences.

Contact Us →
















Join Us — Proclara Biosciences






















































Join UsProclara Biosciences is pioneering powerful new methods for treating neurodegenerative diseases long thought to be intractable. We seek talented and ambitious individuals who share our passion for innovative science and our commitment to transforming the lives of patients suffering from serious protein misfolding diseases.  Current opportunities:There are currently no positions open at this time.We invite you to return to learn about opportunities as they become available and are posted.




Learn more about Proclara Biosciences.

Contact Us →
















Contact — Proclara Biosciences





























































PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES222 THIRD STREETCAMBRIDGE, MA, 02142Main telephone: 617-941-7020Clinical Trial Inquiries: 617-941-7021



 
Fill out my online form.






Learn more about Proclara Biosciences.

Contact Us →
















Our Science — Proclara Biosciences



























































Our ScienceProclara’s novel approach to treating protein misfolding diseases is based on the fact that many toxic aggregates of misfolded proteins share a common characteristic – the amyloid protein fold – that represents a unique target for drug development.















Most current therapies being investigated for neurodegenerative diseases target only a single type of misfolded protein, not addressing the fact that these diseases are often characterized by the buildup of multiple types of pathologic protein aggregates. Our scientists have developed a novel proprietary technology known as GAIM, or General Amyloid Interaction Motif, that simultaneously targets multiple misfolded proteins implicated in neurodegenerative diseases, potentially creating a more robust response that could be suitable for patients at all stages of disease progression.Our GAIM-based therapies use a novel mechanism to bind to the amyloid fold of toxic protein aggregates of various types, including amyloid-β (Aβ), Tau, and a-synuclein aggregates, which accumulate in brain to cause Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease, and antibody light chain (AL) or transthyretin (TTR) aggregates, which accumulate in peripheral organs to cause systemic amyloidosis orphan diseases. Our therapies are designed to prevent the further accumulation of aggregates and clear existing aggregates from the brain and peripheral organs, while also blocking further cell-to-cell spread of misfolded proteins. We believe these therapies offer a breakthrough approach to treating protein misfolding diseases.Proclara is developing several product candidates for the treatment of a broad range of aging diseases and certain peripheral orphan indications. These include its lead development candidate, NPT088, which is currently in clinical development for Alzheimer’s disease, and the 2nd generation GAIM fusion NPT189, which is undergoing IND enabling studies to initiate clinical trials in 2018 for orphan systemic amyloidoses.







An Urgent NeedProteins are large, exquisitely folded molecules that play essential and diverse roles in the human body. When normal protein folding is disrupted in progressive brain diseases, these misfolded proteins clump together – binding to form toxic aggregates.
Protein misfolding is a well-characterized hallmark of severe neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s. Specifically, in Alzheimer’s disease, misfolded protein aggregates are plaques, made of aggregated b-amyloid, tangles, made of aggregated Tau, and sometimes a-synuclein aggregates that cause brain dysfunction and eventually, nerve cell death. In Parkinson’s Disease, a-synuclein aggregates are predominantly involved, sometimes accompanied by plaques, made of aggregated b-amyloid, and tangles, made of aggregated Tau.
Protein misfolding is also a characteristic of certain rare diseases caused by systemic accumulation of amyloid protein aggregates. Examples of systemic amyloidosis with accumulation of tissue-damaging aggregates in peripheral organs include several types of transthyretin (TTR) amyloidoses and light chain (AL) amyloidosis.
There is a critical unmet need to develop novel treatments for protein misfolding diseases, for which no approved disease-modifying treatments currently exist.
Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s place an enormous economic and social burden on patients, caregivers, and society. Alzheimer’s is the most common neurodegenerative disease and the leading cause of dementia, which currently affects approximately 5.5 million in the US and 47 million worldwide. That number is expected to grow to 131 million by 2050.1, 2
Parkinson’s disease, the second most common neurodegenerative disease, affects an estimated 0.5 to 1 million in the US, and more than 10 million worldwide.3, 4
Systemic amyloidosis represents a broad collection of orphan misfolded protein diseases that can cause death through peripheral organ damage. Prominent among these diseases are transthyretin amyloidosis (ATTR), with the inherited versions of the disease affecting ~50,000 persons worldwide, and non-inherited ATTR affecting ~90% of persons >90 years old worldwide5, 6; and antibody light chain (AL) amyloidosis with up to 4,000 new cases per year in the US7. Both ATTR and AL amyloidosis are fatal diseases that should be treatable using protein aggregate reduction therapy, such as NPT189, to rescue organ function.
1. Alzheimer’s Association  (www.alz.org)
2. Alzheimer’s Disease International, World Alzheimer report 2016, (www.alz.co.uk)
3. McGovern Institute for Brain Research at MIT (www.mcgovern.mit.edu)
4. Parkinson’s Disease Foundation (www.pdf.org)
5. Ando et al., Orphanet J Rare Dis, 2013 
6. Ruberg et al., Circulation, 2012
7. Amyloidosis Research Consortium, Guidance for Industry – AL Amyloidosis – Developing Drugs for Treatment, Dec 2016 (www.arci.org)
Key Publications & PresentationsKrishnan, R et al., Mutagenesis of the General Amyloid Interaction Motif (GAIM) Reveals a Structure-Activity Relationship for Misfolded Beta-amyloid and Tau Aggregates (2017).Levenson, J et al., NPT088 reduces both amyloid-β and tau pathologies in transgenic mice, Alzheimers Dement (2016). Krishnan, R et al., A bacteriophage capsid protein provides a general amyloid interaction motif (GAIM) that binds and remodels misfolded protein assemblies, J Mol Biol (2014). 







Learn more about Proclara Biosciences.

Contact Us →











ProClara Biosciences Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























proclara biosciences inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Biotech
NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals Inc., is a pharmaceutical company. The Company develops protein dissaggregation platform for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases.




Corporate Information
Address:

222 Third Street
Suite 3120
Cambridge, MA 02142
United States


Phone:
1-617-714-5468


Fax:
1-617-714-5469


Web url:
www.neurophage.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Daniel Lynch
Egenesis Inc








Board Members
Company






Nick Leschly
Bluebird Bio Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Daniel S Lynch "Dan"


Chairman




Suzanne L Bruhn


President/CEO




Franz F Hefti


Chief Operating Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Our Science — Proclara Biosciences



























































Our ScienceProclara’s novel approach to treating protein misfolding diseases is based on the fact that many toxic aggregates of misfolded proteins share a common characteristic – the amyloid protein fold – that represents a unique target for drug development.















Most current therapies being investigated for neurodegenerative diseases target only a single type of misfolded protein, not addressing the fact that these diseases are often characterized by the buildup of multiple types of pathologic protein aggregates. Our scientists have developed a novel proprietary technology known as GAIM, or General Amyloid Interaction Motif, that simultaneously targets multiple misfolded proteins implicated in neurodegenerative diseases, potentially creating a more robust response that could be suitable for patients at all stages of disease progression.Our GAIM-based therapies use a novel mechanism to bind to the amyloid fold of toxic protein aggregates of various types, including amyloid-β (Aβ), Tau, and a-synuclein aggregates, which accumulate in brain to cause Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease, and antibody light chain (AL) or transthyretin (TTR) aggregates, which accumulate in peripheral organs to cause systemic amyloidosis orphan diseases. Our therapies are designed to prevent the further accumulation of aggregates and clear existing aggregates from the brain and peripheral organs, while also blocking further cell-to-cell spread of misfolded proteins. We believe these therapies offer a breakthrough approach to treating protein misfolding diseases.Proclara is developing several product candidates for the treatment of a broad range of aging diseases and certain peripheral orphan indications. These include its lead development candidate, NPT088, which is currently in clinical development for Alzheimer’s disease, and the 2nd generation GAIM fusion NPT189, which is undergoing IND enabling studies to initiate clinical trials in 2018 for orphan systemic amyloidoses.







An Urgent NeedProteins are large, exquisitely folded molecules that play essential and diverse roles in the human body. When normal protein folding is disrupted in progressive brain diseases, these misfolded proteins clump together – binding to form toxic aggregates.
Protein misfolding is a well-characterized hallmark of severe neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s. Specifically, in Alzheimer’s disease, misfolded protein aggregates are plaques, made of aggregated b-amyloid, tangles, made of aggregated Tau, and sometimes a-synuclein aggregates that cause brain dysfunction and eventually, nerve cell death. In Parkinson’s Disease, a-synuclein aggregates are predominantly involved, sometimes accompanied by plaques, made of aggregated b-amyloid, and tangles, made of aggregated Tau.
Protein misfolding is also a characteristic of certain rare diseases caused by systemic accumulation of amyloid protein aggregates. Examples of systemic amyloidosis with accumulation of tissue-damaging aggregates in peripheral organs include several types of transthyretin (TTR) amyloidoses and light chain (AL) amyloidosis.
There is a critical unmet need to develop novel treatments for protein misfolding diseases, for which no approved disease-modifying treatments currently exist.
Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s place an enormous economic and social burden on patients, caregivers, and society. Alzheimer’s is the most common neurodegenerative disease and the leading cause of dementia, which currently affects approximately 5.5 million in the US and 47 million worldwide. That number is expected to grow to 131 million by 2050.1, 2
Parkinson’s disease, the second most common neurodegenerative disease, affects an estimated 0.5 to 1 million in the US, and more than 10 million worldwide.3, 4
Systemic amyloidosis represents a broad collection of orphan misfolded protein diseases that can cause death through peripheral organ damage. Prominent among these diseases are transthyretin amyloidosis (ATTR), with the inherited versions of the disease affecting ~50,000 persons worldwide, and non-inherited ATTR affecting ~90% of persons >90 years old worldwide5, 6; and antibody light chain (AL) amyloidosis with up to 4,000 new cases per year in the US7. Both ATTR and AL amyloidosis are fatal diseases that should be treatable using protein aggregate reduction therapy, such as NPT189, to rescue organ function.
1. Alzheimer’s Association  (www.alz.org)
2. Alzheimer’s Disease International, World Alzheimer report 2016, (www.alz.co.uk)
3. McGovern Institute for Brain Research at MIT (www.mcgovern.mit.edu)
4. Parkinson’s Disease Foundation (www.pdf.org)
5. Ando et al., Orphanet J Rare Dis, 2013 
6. Ruberg et al., Circulation, 2012
7. Amyloidosis Research Consortium, Guidance for Industry – AL Amyloidosis – Developing Drugs for Treatment, Dec 2016 (www.arci.org)
Key Publications & PresentationsKrishnan, R et al., Mutagenesis of the General Amyloid Interaction Motif (GAIM) Reveals a Structure-Activity Relationship for Misfolded Beta-amyloid and Tau Aggregates (2017).Levenson, J et al., NPT088 reduces both amyloid-β and tau pathologies in transgenic mice, Alzheimers Dement (2016). Krishnan, R et al., A bacteriophage capsid protein provides a general amyloid interaction motif (GAIM) that binds and remodels misfolded protein assemblies, J Mol Biol (2014). 







Learn more about Proclara Biosciences.

Contact Us →









 






Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market Forcasted for Accelerated Growth by 2024 | Medgadget





















































































 



 

















































 









 














































Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market Forcasted for Accelerated Growth by 2024

July 25th, 2017  zion market research Releases 

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn


The next-generation sequencing is also acknowledged as high-throughput sequencing; it includes a number of several sequencing technologies that are new and modern such as Roche 454 sequencing, SOLiD sequencing, Illumina (Solexa) sequencing, and Ion torrent: Proton/PGM sequencing. These advanced technologies help in sequencing the RNA and DNA speedily and this method is cheaper and affordable than the Sanger sequencing method, which was used previously. Thus, next-generation sequencing has revolutionized the study of molecular biology and genomics.
Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/next-generation-sequencing-market
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market: Segmentation
The next-generation sequencing market is globally segmented into product and services, technology, application, and end-user. On the basis of product and services, the global market is segregated into pre-sequencing products and services market, sequencing services market, NGS platforms, consumables, reagents, and services, and NGS data analysis, storage, and management (bioinformatics) market. Based on the technology, the market is categorized into ion semiconductor sequencing, nanopore sequencing, sequencing by synthesis (SBS), and single-molecule real-time (SMRT) sequencing. Depending on the application, the market is divided into drug discovery, precision medicine, marine research, forensic medicine, phylogeographic & phylogenetic studies, diagnostics, biomarker discovery, agriculture and animal research, and research in bio-fuels. Based on the end user, the market is fragmented into hospitals & clinics, agrigenomics organizations, research centers, academic & government institutes, NPOS, pharmaceutical & biotechnology companies, and consumer genomic companies
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market: Growth Factors
The advancements that are made in the technology vertical of sequencing platforms and the growing number of next-generation sequencing applications will encourage the global next-generation sequencing market growth in the future. Besides, the increasing adoption of the next-generation sequencing technologies in the research laboratories and research academic institutes projects to supplement the improvement of the market in the coming years. Nevertheless, the growing awareness amongst the consumers concerning the advantages of next-generation sequencing with the help of conferences and workshops are contributing to the growth of the market. In contrast, the growing issues such as the lack of skilled professionals and the storage of sequencing data are affecting the market growth negatively.
Request Report TOC (Table of Contents) @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/toc/next-generation-sequencing-market
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market: Regional Analysis
The geographical segmentation of the next-generation sequencing market is diversified into Asia-Pacific, Europe, North America, and Rest of the World. The major market share is held by the North American region and will be the same in the coming years. The key factors that are contributing to this market growth are the existence of a large number of market players in the U.S. and the encouraging government schemes. Additionally, Asia Pacific region will grow substantially in the coming few years. Factors that attribute to this regional market growth are the development of the healthcare sector in the emerging nations and the positive initiatives that are taken by the government. Other factors such as the launch of developed and improved next-generation sequencing products and services anticipate contributing considerably towards the market growth.
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market: Competitive Players
Some of the key market players that are involved next-generation sequencing market include Gatc Biotech AG, Perkinelmer, Inc., Qiagen N.V., Macrogen, Inc., Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc., Oxford Nanopore Technologies, Ltd., Eurofins Scientific, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Illumina, Inc., Agilent Technologies, Inc., Beijing Genomics Institute, and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.
Browse detail report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/next-generation-sequencing-market
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market by Geographical Analysis: North America( U.S.), Europe( UK, France, Germany), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, India), Latin America( Brazil), Middle East and Africa
Our value reports provide full, in-depth analysis of the parent market including most significant changes in market dynamics; the report also presents the detailed overview on segmentation of this market. We managed to present as many important pieces of information in essential form – thanks to our report You will learn more about former, on-going, and projected market analysis in terms of volume and value, assessment of niche industry developments and Market share analysis. We have not forgotten to present key strategies for major players, emerging segments and regional markets and last but not least, testimonials to companies in order to fortify their foothold in the market.
Inquire more before buying this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/next-generation-sequencing-market
About Us: Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristically, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, a company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with Vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from Cardinal Industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us.
Contact Us:
Zion Market Research
4283, Express Lane,
Suite 634-143,
Sarasota, Florida 34249, United States
Tel: +49-322 210 92714
USA/Canada Toll-Free No.1-855-465-4651
Email: sales@zionmarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.zionmarketresearch.com
Visit Our Blog: https://zionmarketresearch.wordpress.com/











 




 




  Recent  posts 




Smart Hanging Robot Keeps People Walking During Rehab






New Way to Grow Liver Tissue to Repair Damaged Organ






Non-Destructive Mass Spectrometry Helps Identify Tumor Margins Inside OR






Baker’s Yeast Now Used for Drug Discovery






EndoSwab Helps Verify Cleanliness of Reusable Endoscopes



 

  interviews & reviews  




Cochlear Unveils Nucleus 7, World’s First Made for iPhone Cochlear Implant Sound Processor (Interview)






Review of LifeBEAM Vi Headphones: Where Artificial Intelligence Meets Personal Training






Hemopurifier Filters Ebola, Hep C, Metastatic Melanoma: Interview with James A. Joyce, CEO of Aethlon Medical






Podimetrics System Helps Prevent Diabetic Foot Ulcers: Interview






Evidence-Based Diagnostics for Mental Health Disorders: Interview with Jack Cosentino, CEO of Medibio



 

 


















 
 



At Medgadget we report on the latest medical technology news, interview leaders in the field, and file dispatches from medical events from around the world. 



 
About
Contact
Terms of Service
Privacy
Submit press release
Advertise

 







                            © Medgadget, LLC.  2004-2017. All rights reserved. | The Medical Revolution Will Be Blogged.                        

























 
MED TECH THAT TRANSFORMS THE WORLDExclusive Medgadget news in your mailbox!


 


Your information will never be shared with any third party.


 
 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit HackerNews Google+ Email

















 



 






Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market Forcasted for Accelerated Growth by 2024 | Medgadget





















































































 



 

















































 









 














































Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market Forcasted for Accelerated Growth by 2024

July 25th, 2017  zion market research Releases 

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn


The next-generation sequencing is also acknowledged as high-throughput sequencing; it includes a number of several sequencing technologies that are new and modern such as Roche 454 sequencing, SOLiD sequencing, Illumina (Solexa) sequencing, and Ion torrent: Proton/PGM sequencing. These advanced technologies help in sequencing the RNA and DNA speedily and this method is cheaper and affordable than the Sanger sequencing method, which was used previously. Thus, next-generation sequencing has revolutionized the study of molecular biology and genomics.
Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/next-generation-sequencing-market
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market: Segmentation
The next-generation sequencing market is globally segmented into product and services, technology, application, and end-user. On the basis of product and services, the global market is segregated into pre-sequencing products and services market, sequencing services market, NGS platforms, consumables, reagents, and services, and NGS data analysis, storage, and management (bioinformatics) market. Based on the technology, the market is categorized into ion semiconductor sequencing, nanopore sequencing, sequencing by synthesis (SBS), and single-molecule real-time (SMRT) sequencing. Depending on the application, the market is divided into drug discovery, precision medicine, marine research, forensic medicine, phylogeographic & phylogenetic studies, diagnostics, biomarker discovery, agriculture and animal research, and research in bio-fuels. Based on the end user, the market is fragmented into hospitals & clinics, agrigenomics organizations, research centers, academic & government institutes, NPOS, pharmaceutical & biotechnology companies, and consumer genomic companies
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market: Growth Factors
The advancements that are made in the technology vertical of sequencing platforms and the growing number of next-generation sequencing applications will encourage the global next-generation sequencing market growth in the future. Besides, the increasing adoption of the next-generation sequencing technologies in the research laboratories and research academic institutes projects to supplement the improvement of the market in the coming years. Nevertheless, the growing awareness amongst the consumers concerning the advantages of next-generation sequencing with the help of conferences and workshops are contributing to the growth of the market. In contrast, the growing issues such as the lack of skilled professionals and the storage of sequencing data are affecting the market growth negatively.
Request Report TOC (Table of Contents) @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/toc/next-generation-sequencing-market
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market: Regional Analysis
The geographical segmentation of the next-generation sequencing market is diversified into Asia-Pacific, Europe, North America, and Rest of the World. The major market share is held by the North American region and will be the same in the coming years. The key factors that are contributing to this market growth are the existence of a large number of market players in the U.S. and the encouraging government schemes. Additionally, Asia Pacific region will grow substantially in the coming few years. Factors that attribute to this regional market growth are the development of the healthcare sector in the emerging nations and the positive initiatives that are taken by the government. Other factors such as the launch of developed and improved next-generation sequencing products and services anticipate contributing considerably towards the market growth.
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market: Competitive Players
Some of the key market players that are involved next-generation sequencing market include Gatc Biotech AG, Perkinelmer, Inc., Qiagen N.V., Macrogen, Inc., Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc., Oxford Nanopore Technologies, Ltd., Eurofins Scientific, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Illumina, Inc., Agilent Technologies, Inc., Beijing Genomics Institute, and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.
Browse detail report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/next-generation-sequencing-market
Global Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) Market by Geographical Analysis: North America( U.S.), Europe( UK, France, Germany), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, India), Latin America( Brazil), Middle East and Africa
Our value reports provide full, in-depth analysis of the parent market including most significant changes in market dynamics; the report also presents the detailed overview on segmentation of this market. We managed to present as many important pieces of information in essential form – thanks to our report You will learn more about former, on-going, and projected market analysis in terms of volume and value, assessment of niche industry developments and Market share analysis. We have not forgotten to present key strategies for major players, emerging segments and regional markets and last but not least, testimonials to companies in order to fortify their foothold in the market.
Inquire more before buying this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/next-generation-sequencing-market
About Us: Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristically, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, a company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with Vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from Cardinal Industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us.
Contact Us:
Zion Market Research
4283, Express Lane,
Suite 634-143,
Sarasota, Florida 34249, United States
Tel: +49-322 210 92714
USA/Canada Toll-Free No.1-855-465-4651
Email: sales@zionmarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.zionmarketresearch.com
Visit Our Blog: https://zionmarketresearch.wordpress.com/











 




 




  Recent  posts 




Smart Hanging Robot Keeps People Walking During Rehab






New Way to Grow Liver Tissue to Repair Damaged Organ






Non-Destructive Mass Spectrometry Helps Identify Tumor Margins Inside OR






Baker’s Yeast Now Used for Drug Discovery






EndoSwab Helps Verify Cleanliness of Reusable Endoscopes



 

  interviews & reviews  




Cochlear Unveils Nucleus 7, World’s First Made for iPhone Cochlear Implant Sound Processor (Interview)






Review of LifeBEAM Vi Headphones: Where Artificial Intelligence Meets Personal Training






Hemopurifier Filters Ebola, Hep C, Metastatic Melanoma: Interview with James A. Joyce, CEO of Aethlon Medical






Podimetrics System Helps Prevent Diabetic Foot Ulcers: Interview






Evidence-Based Diagnostics for Mental Health Disorders: Interview with Jack Cosentino, CEO of Medibio



 

 


















 
 



At Medgadget we report on the latest medical technology news, interview leaders in the field, and file dispatches from medical events from around the world. 



 
About
Contact
Terms of Service
Privacy
Submit press release
Advertise

 







                            © Medgadget, LLC.  2004-2017. All rights reserved. | The Medical Revolution Will Be Blogged.                        

























 
MED TECH THAT TRANSFORMS THE WORLDExclusive Medgadget news in your mailbox!


 


Your information will never be shared with any third party.


 
 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit HackerNews Google+ Email

















 


















	Proclara Biosciences Announces Pipeline Progress

























 ABOUT US  |  SERVICES  | SUBSCRIPTIONS  | LOGIN | SIGNUP









Follow @tmcnet


SUBSCRIBE TO TMCnet







COMMUNITIES


TMCnet's Online Communities™


BPA (3rd Party Remote Call Monitoring)
Business VoIP
Call Accounting
Call Center Management
Call Center Scheduling
Call Recording
Cloud IT
Cloud Security
Communications Applications




Conferencing
Contact Center Solutions
Cyber Security
Enterprise Cloud
Fraud & Identity
FSMA-Food Safety Modernization Act
Hybrid WAN
IP PBX
IP Phones
Lync Migration




 Master Agent 
 Multi-Gigabit Ethernet 
Next Generation Communications
Omni-Channel Customer Engagement
Open Networking
Power Protection
Real Time Communications
SD WAN
Shaping Influence




SIP Trunking
Skype for Business
Software Licensing
Software Monetization
Telemarketing Software
Transforming Network Infrastructure
Unified Communications
Virtual Office




Virtual PBX 
VoIP Gateways
VoIP Solutions
Web-scale Networking
Wholesale VoIP
Workforce Management
Workforce Optimization
Workforce Optimization Software










PUBLICATIONS


TMCnet Magazines

Internet Telephony Magazine
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here
 CUSTOMER 
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here 


Cloud Computing Magazine
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here
IoT EVOLUTION MAGAZINE
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here 





EVENTS

TMCnet Events



All About the API
Asterisk World
AstriCon




Communications 20/20
CVx (ChannelVision Expo )
DevCon5







IoT Evolution Expo


ITEXPO 


MSP Expo 

Real Time Web Solutions Conference-New York





The Blockchain Event 




AWARDS
TECHNOLOGIES

TMCnet's Technology Sites



Cable Technology
CustomerZone360
DevsWorld
Fog Computing World
Financial Technology

HTML5
HealthTechzone 
Information Technology





MobilityTechzone

MSP Today
NFVZone

SDN Zone

Sports Technology 

TechZone360
Wearable Tech World
WebRTC World





MORE NEWS


Browse News by Topics



Consumer
Reseller
Security




CaaS
Healthcare Technology
Insurance Technology






BLOGS


TMCnet BLOGGERS


Rich Tehrani
Peter Radizeski
Steve Anderson
Suzanne Bowen
Alan Percy




Next Generation Communications
Jim Machi
Denise D'Arienzo
E-Commerce Rules
More >> 





MORE  



TMCnet Resources

Account-based marketing (ABM)
ApexTechServices
Awards
Blogs
Buyers' Guide
Content Marketing
eBooks
Research Reports

Snapshots 
Strategic Solutions Series
TMCLabs
TMCnet Workplace Excellence Awards
Videos
Webinars
White Papers



About TMCnet

Contributors
Contact Us
Corporate News
Directions
Employment
Management
Media Kit
PR Resources
TMCnet Services
Technology Marketing Corporation



Subscriptions

FREE Magazine Subscriptions
FREE eNewsletters
News Alerts and Custom RSS Feeds


Follow Us Your Way

Twitter
Facebook
RSS Feed
Google










MARKETS » NFV  HTML5 WebRTC 
 HOT TOPICS »   CONTACT CENTER SOLUTIONS
 CALL RECORDING 
 MULTI-GIGABIT ETHERNET  






RESOURCE  CENTER  - WHITE PAPERS   |   WEBINARS   |   EBOOKS   |   TMCLabs   |   VIDEOS|   MEDIA KIT






 TMC NEWS 
TMCNET eNEWSLETTER SIGNUP


SUBMIT















Proclara Biosciences Announces Pipeline Progress










[July 17, 2017]


Proclara Biosciences Announces Pipeline Progress







 Proclara Biosciences, a biotechnology company developing novel therapies 
 for diseases caused by protein misfolding, today announced recent 
 progress across its product pipeline. The company will continue its 
 ongoing Phase 1b trial of NPT088 in patients with Alzheimer's disease 
 following the positive recommendation of the trial's independent data 
 monitoring committee. This recommendation is based on a review of 
 interim safety data compiled from the trial to date, which show that 
 NPT088 was safe and well-tolerated in patients treated at a dose of 0.6 
 mg/kg once monthly for six months. Proclara remains on track to report 
 topline data from all trial participants in the summer of 2018.
 

 In addition, Proclara announced that it will develop NPT189, its next 
 generation drug candidate, for the treatment of orphan peripheral 
 amyloidoses. NPT189 utilizes Proclara's proprietary General Amyloid 
 Interaction Motif (GAIM) technology to target multiple toxic protein 
 aggregates, including amyloid-ß (Aß), tau, a-synuclein, antibody light 
 chain (AL), and transthyretin (TTR). Proclara expects to file an 
 investigational new drug (IND) application with the U.S. Food and Drug 
 Administration (FDA) in the first half of 2018.
 

 "We are encouraged by the initial interim data from our Phase 1b trial 
 of NPT088 in patients with Alzheimer's disease. These data demonstrate 
 that NPT088 is generally safe and well tolerated given in repeat doses, 
 and it may overcome hurdles that have historically limited progress in 
 the space," said Suzanne Bruhn, Ph.D., president and chief executive 
 officer of Proclara. "We are also pleased to announce our development 
 strategy for NPT189, the second compound to emerge from our GAIM-based 
 technology platform. By simultaneously targeting multiple misfolded 
 proteins, our therapies have great potential to improve the lives of 
 patients with diseases driven by the toxic effects of misfolded protein 
 deposits, including age-related neurodegenerative diseases and orphan 
 amyloidoses."
 

NPT088 Phase 1b Study DetailsProclara's Phase 1b study of 
 NPT088 was initiated in September 2016 and is designed to evaluate the 
 safety and tolerabilit of multiple doses of NPT088, as well as its 
 pharmacokinetic, immunogenicity, and pharmacodynamic characteristics, as 
 measured by amyloid-ß and tau PET imaging, in patients with 
 mild-to-moderate Alzheimer's disease and ß-amyloidosis and tauopathy. 
 The trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that 
 will enroll up to 66 patients in four dose cohorts. The company is 
 currently enrolling the second patient cohort.
 




 Proclara expects to release topline efficacy data in the summer of 2018. 
 Successful completion of the Phase 1b study is expected to support Phase 
 2 and 3 development programs for Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's 
 disease.
 

About Alzheimer's diseaseAlzheimer's disease is the most 
 common neurodegenerative disease and the leading cause of dementia. A 
 progressive and irreversible brain disorder that impacts memory and 
 thinking skills, Alzheimer's often affects the ability to carry out 
 basic daily activities. The disease is characterized by the buildup of 
 misfolded protein aggregates in the brain, including plaques, made of 
 aggregated ß-amyloid, tangles, made of aggregated tau, and sometimes 
 a-synuclein aggregates. These toxic aggregates cause brain dysfunction 
 and eventually, nerve cell death. Alzheimer's affects approximately 47 
 million victims worldwide, and that number is expected to grow to 132 
 million by 2050.1


About Peripheral AmyloidosesPeripheral amyloidoses are 
 a group of systemic diseases caused by the deposition of misfolded 
 protein aggregates, called amyloid deposits, that can lead to organ 
 dysfunction and potentially organ failure. Clinically well-defined 
 amyloidoses include primary amyloidosis (also called AL or light 
 chain), and transthyretin amyloidosis (also called ATTR), which includes 
 inherited forms caused by mutations in the TTR gene. There are believed 
 to be about 4,000 new cases of AL amyloidosis annually in the United 
 States,2 while the disease-causing mutations in TTR occur at 
 the rate of approximately 0.1% in Caucasians and approximately 4% in 
 African Americans. Approximately 50,000 people worldwide suffer from TTR.3, 
 4


About Proclara BiosciencesProclara Biosciences is a 
 biotechnology company advancing product candidates developed based on 
 its proprietary GAIM technology, which is capable of simultaneously 
 targeting multiple toxic misfolded proteins. The broad applicability of 
 the GAIM technology enables the company to target multiple protein 
 misfolding diseases, including neurodegenerative diseases and orphan 
 systemic amyloidoses. Lead GAIM drug candidate, NPT088, is in clinical 
 development for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. For more 
 information, please visit proclarabio.com.
 

References


 1. Alzheimer's Disease International, World Alzheimer report 2016, (www.alz.co.uk)
 

 2. Amyloidosis Research Consortium, Guidance for Industry - AL 
 Amyloidosis - Developing Drugs for Treatment, Dec 2016 (www.arci.org)
 

 3. Ando, et al., Orphanet J Rare Dis. 2013
 

 4. Ruberg, et al., Circulation. 2012
 


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170717005317/en/

[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]





























              Videos


                    Interview with Microsoft Expression
                  02/11/2011


                    Interview with nPhase
                  10/22/2009


                    Interview with VOIP Innovations at ITEXPO Las Vegas 2013
                  09/05/2013





              White Papers


                    Enliven conversations with Video


                    Putting Workforce Optimization to Work


                    Delivering the Promise and Value Through Outsourcing





              Podcasts


                    Hyde Telecom Succeeds with Phybridge's UniPhyer


                    Inventive Lab's President Ron Tanner on .NET VoIP Solutions


                    Talking Softswitches with Redcom's Carlos Sanchez





              Sessions














Upcoming Events




ITEXPO: February 14 - 16, 2018 |  Fort Lauderdale, Florida   





Real Time Web Solutions Conference: February 14 - 16, 2018 |  Fort Lauderdale, Florida 






IoT Evolution Expo : January 22-25, 2018|  Orlando, Florida   













LATEST VIDEOS



 ITEXPO Florida 2016 







  ConnectLeader




  ConnectLeader




  XKL at TEX 2016




VIEW ALL VIDEOS



DOWNLOAD CENTER


WHITEPAPERS 


Guide: Four Strategies to Modernize Outbound Customer Engagement
FREE DOWNLOAD


The Zadara Storage Cloud - A Validation of its Use Cases and Economic Benefits
FREE DOWNLOAD


A GridGain Systems In-Memory Computing White Paper
FREE DOWNLOAD


VIEW ALL WHITE PAPERS









UPCOMING  WEBINARS








 Embedded Modules to Gateways: Choosing the Right Cellular Technology for IoT Deployments
REGISTER NOW





 Driving Operational Efficiency in the Digital Supply Chain
REGISTER NOW





 How to Know if Your Cloud Decision is Right for Your SMB
REGISTER NOW





 An Inside Look at Ransomware-As-A-Service
REGISTER NOW





 4 Reasons to Build Your Own IoT Solution – Or Not
REGISTER NOW


VIEW ALL WEBINARS


MOST POPULAR STORIES



What is the New Age of Telecom?
Aspect Via Enterprise Earns Product of the Year Award
Researchers Explore Potential of Outdoor Video Conferencing
SSH Keys: Cybersecurity's Largest Blind Spot
8x8 Unveils Engineering 'Super Team'



















Technology Marketing Corporation

35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA
Ph: 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800 
Fx: 203-866-3326 

General comments:

tmc@tmcnet.com. 
Comments about this site: webmaster@tmcnet.com.



IMPORTANT


 ADVERTISE
 CHANNELS
 COMMUNITIES
 EVENTS 
 FREE ENEWSLETTERS
 INDUSTRIES
 MEDIA KITS
 NEWS ALERTS
 PUBLICATIONS  
 PODCAST 
 TMCNET SERVICES
 VIDEOS 
 WEBINARS  
 WHITE PAPER LIBRARY  



SUBSCRIPTIONS


FREE Magazine Subscriptions
FREE eNewsletters
News Alerts and Custom RSS Feeds



Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters
CLICK HERE


STAY CURRENT YOUR WAY













© 2017 Technology Marketing Corporation. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy 














 



Proclara Biosciences Announces $47 Million in New Investment to Support the Development of Product Candidates in Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and Other Diseases | Business Wire
























































Proclara Biosciences Announces $47 Million in New Investment to 
      Support the Development of Product Candidates in Alzheimer’s, 
      Parkinson’s and Other Diseases




Former NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals relaunches as clinical-stage 
      company with lead program in Alzheimer’s, and earlier programs in 
      multiple protein misfolding disorders


Daniel Lynch appointed as the executive chairman of board of 
      directors; Nick Leschly also joins board






September 07, 2016 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Proclara Biosciences, a biotechnology company developing novel therapies 
      for diseases caused by protein misfolding, today announced that the 
      company has secured $47 million in a Series E financing to support the 
      development of product candidates for Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and other 
      diseases. Additionally, the former NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals announced 
      that it has changed its name to Proclara Biosciences, marking its 
      evolution into a clinical stage company. In a separate announcement 
      released today, Proclara also reported that it has initiated a Phase 1b 
      clinical trial of its lead product candidate, NPT088, for Alzheimer’s 
      disease.
    


      Proclara’s $47 million Series E financing was led by existing investors, 
      including private investors and Merieux Developpement. The financing 
      will support further clinical development of NPT088, as well as the 
      preclinical advancement of additional molecules toward the clinic. With 
      completion of this financing, Proclara has raised more than $110 million 
      to date.
    

      “We are very pleased by the continued support of our investors, which 
      speaks to the strength of our science and the tremendous potential for 
      our therapies to transform the treatment landscape for patients 
      suffering from Alzheimer’s and other neurodegenerative diseases,” said 
      Franz Hefti, Ph.D., president and chief executive officer of Proclara. 
      “Together with our name change, this important corporate milestone marks 
      our continued progress towards bringing to market a new class of 
      medicines to address the urgent needs of patients suffering from 
      debilitating protein misfolding diseases.”
    

      Proclara’s name change from NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals signifies its 
      emergence as a clinical-stage company with a novel approach to treating 
      diseases caused by misfolded proteins. While most current therapies 
      being investigated for neurodegenerative diseases target only a single 
      type of misfolded protein, Proclara’s proprietary General Amyloid 
      Interaction Motif (GAIM) platform enables the simultaneous targeting of 
      multiple misfolded proteins, which may provide a superior approach to 
      addressing the complex pathophysiology of multi-factorial diseases.
    

      As part of the Series E financing, Daniel Lynch, a highly experienced 
      biotechnology executive, was appointed executive chairman of Proclara’s 
      board of directors. Nick Leschly, chief executive officer of bluebird 
      bio, was also appointed to the company’s board.
    

      “I am delighted to join the Proclara board of directors at this exciting 
      time in the company’s development,” said Lynch. “I believe Proclara’s 
      GAIM-based therapies have tremendous potential to modify the disease 
      trajectory of multiple neurodegenerative diseases and look forward to 
      working with the talented management team to advance these programs 
      through clinical development.”
    

      Lynch is a venture partner at Third Rock Ventures. Previously, he served 
      as chief executive and chief financial officer of ImClone Systems 
      Corporation. As chief executive, he led the company through a 
      significant turnaround, helping to restore its reputation and to secure 
      FDA approval of ERBITUX (Cetuximab), a novel cancer treatment. As chief 
      financial officer, he led negotiations to form the major partnership 
      between ImClone and Bristol-Myers Squibb. Earlier in his career, Lynch 
      served in various financial positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb over a 
      15-year tenure. In addition to chairing Proclara’s board, Lynch is 
      chairman of the board of the following companies: bluebird bio, 
      Blueprint Medicines, RaNA Therapeutics, BIND Therapeutics and Eleven 
      Biotherapeutics. Lynch has advised and served as chairman of the board 
      of directors for a number of biopharmaceutical companies, which include 
      Stromedix (until its acquisition by Biogen Idec in 2012) and Avila 
      Therapeutics (until its acquisition by Celgene Corporation in 2012). He 
      was also a member of the board of directors and the audit committee of 
      U.S. Oncology for five years until 2010, when it was acquired by 
      McKesson. Lynch received his Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics from 
      Wesleyan University and his Master of Business Administration from the 
      Darden Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of 
      Virginia.
    

      Leschly has served as the chief executive officer of bluebird bio since 
      2010. Formerly, he was a partner and founding member of Third Rock 
      Ventures in 2007. Leschly has played an integral role in the overall 
      formation, development and business strategy of several of Third Rock’s 
      portfolio companies, including Agios Pharmaceuticals and Edimer 
      Pharmaceuticals. Prior to joining Third Rock, he worked at Millennium 
      Pharmaceuticals, leading several early-stage drug development programs 
      and served as the product leader for VELCADE. Leschly also founded and 
      served as chief executive officer of MedXtend Corporation. He received 
      his Bachelor of Science in Molecular Biology from Princeton University 
      and his Master of Business Administration from Wharton Business School.
    

About Proclara Biosciences


      Proclara Biosciences is a biotechnology company advancing product 
      candidates developed based on proprietary GAIM technology, which is 
      capable of simultaneously targeting multiple toxic misfolded proteins. 
      The broad applicability of the Proclara technology enables the company 
      to target multiple protein misfolding diseases, including 
      neurodegenerative diseases and several rare systemic amyloidoses. The 
      lead GAIM drug candidate, NPT088, is in clinical development for the 
      treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. For more information, please visit proclarabio.com.
    




Contacts

      Media:Ten Bridge CommunicationsDan Quinn, 781-475-7974dan@tenbridgecommunications.comorInvestor 
      Relations:Stern Investor Relations, Inc.Hannah Deresiewicz, 
      212-362-1200hannahd@sternir.com












Release Summary
Proclara Biosciences today announced that it has secured $47 million in a Series E financing to support the development of product candidates for Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and other diseases.






Contacts

      Media:Ten Bridge CommunicationsDan Quinn, 781-475-7974dan@tenbridgecommunications.comorInvestor 
      Relations:Stern Investor Relations, Inc.Hannah Deresiewicz, 
      212-362-1200hannahd@sternir.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 



Proclara Biosciences Announces Pipeline Progress | Business Wire
























































Proclara Biosciences Announces Pipeline Progress




- Continuing Phase 1b Trial of NPT088 in Alzheimer’s Disease 
      Following Positive Recommendation from the Data Monitoring Committee -


- Developing NPT189, Next Generation Drug Candidate, for Orphan 
      Peripheral Amyloidoses -






July 17, 2017 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Proclara Biosciences, a biotechnology company developing novel therapies 
      for diseases caused by protein misfolding, today announced recent 
      progress across its product pipeline. The company will continue its 
      ongoing Phase 1b trial of NPT088 in patients with Alzheimer’s disease 
      following the positive recommendation of the trial’s independent data 
      monitoring committee. This recommendation is based on a review of 
      interim safety data compiled from the trial to date, which show that 
      NPT088 was safe and well-tolerated in patients treated at a dose of 0.6 
      mg/kg once monthly for six months. Proclara remains on track to report 
      topline data from all trial participants in the summer of 2018.
    


      In addition, Proclara announced that it will develop NPT189, its next 
      generation drug candidate, for the treatment of orphan peripheral 
      amyloidoses. NPT189 utilizes Proclara’s proprietary General Amyloid 
      Interaction Motif (GAIM) technology to target multiple toxic protein 
      aggregates, including amyloid-β (Aβ), tau, α-synuclein, antibody light 
      chain (AL), and transthyretin (TTR). Proclara expects to file an 
      investigational new drug (IND) application with the U.S. Food and Drug 
      Administration (FDA) in the first half of 2018.
    

      “We are encouraged by the initial interim data from our Phase 1b trial 
      of NPT088 in patients with Alzheimer’s disease. These data demonstrate 
      that NPT088 is generally safe and well tolerated given in repeat doses, 
      and it may overcome hurdles that have historically limited progress in 
      the space,” said Suzanne Bruhn, Ph.D., president and chief executive 
      officer of Proclara. “We are also pleased to announce our development 
      strategy for NPT189, the second compound to emerge from our GAIM-based 
      technology platform. By simultaneously targeting multiple misfolded 
      proteins, our therapies have great potential to improve the lives of 
      patients with diseases driven by the toxic effects of misfolded protein 
      deposits, including age-related neurodegenerative diseases and orphan 
      amyloidoses.”
    

NPT088 Phase 1b Study DetailsProclara’s Phase 1b study of 
      NPT088 was initiated in September 2016 and is designed to evaluate the 
      safety and tolerability of multiple doses of NPT088, as well as its 
      pharmacokinetic, immunogenicity, and pharmacodynamic characteristics, as 
      measured by amyloid-β and tau PET imaging, in patients with 
      mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease and β-amyloidosis and tauopathy. 
      The trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that 
      will enroll up to 66 patients in four dose cohorts. The company is 
      currently enrolling the second patient cohort.
    

      Proclara expects to release topline efficacy data in the summer of 2018. 
      Successful completion of the Phase 1b study is expected to support Phase 
      2 and 3 development programs for Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson’s 
      disease.
    

About Alzheimer’s diseaseAlzheimer’s disease is the most 
      common neurodegenerative disease and the leading cause of dementia. A 
      progressive and irreversible brain disorder that impacts memory and 
      thinking skills, Alzheimer’s often affects the ability to carry out 
      basic daily activities. The disease is characterized by the buildup of 
      misfolded protein aggregates in the brain, including plaques, made of 
      aggregated β-amyloid, tangles, made of aggregated tau, and sometimes 
      α-synuclein aggregates. These toxic aggregates cause brain dysfunction 
      and eventually, nerve cell death. Alzheimer’s affects approximately 47 
      million victims worldwide, and that number is expected to grow to 132 
      million by 2050.1


About Peripheral AmyloidosesPeripheral amyloidoses are 
      a group of systemic diseases caused by the deposition of misfolded 
      protein aggregates, called amyloid deposits, that can lead to organ 
      dysfunction and potentially organ failure. Clinically well-defined 
      amyloidoses include primary amyloidosis (also called AL or light 
      chain), and transthyretin amyloidosis (also called ATTR), which includes 
      inherited forms caused by mutations in the TTR gene. There are believed 
      to be about 4,000 new cases of AL amyloidosis annually in the United 
      States,2 while the disease-causing mutations in TTR occur at 
      the rate of approximately 0.1% in Caucasians and approximately 4% in 
      African Americans. Approximately 50,000 people worldwide suffer from TTR.3, 
      4


About Proclara BiosciencesProclara Biosciences is a 
      biotechnology company advancing product candidates developed based on 
      its proprietary GAIM technology, which is capable of simultaneously 
      targeting multiple toxic misfolded proteins. The broad applicability of 
      the GAIM technology enables the company to target multiple protein 
      misfolding diseases, including neurodegenerative diseases and orphan 
      systemic amyloidoses. Lead GAIM drug candidate, NPT088, is in clinical 
      development for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. For more 
      information, please visit proclarabio.com.
    

References


      1. Alzheimer’s Disease International, World Alzheimer report 2016, (www.alz.co.uk)
    

      2. Amyloidosis Research Consortium, Guidance for Industry – AL 
      Amyloidosis – Developing Drugs for Treatment, Dec 2016 (www.arci.org)
    

      3. Ando, et al., Orphanet J Rare Dis. 2013
    

      4. Ruberg, et al., Circulation. 2012
    




Contacts

      Media:Ten Bridge CommunicationsSarah Sutton, 857-242-1619sarah@tenbridgecommunications.comorInvestor 
      Relations:Stern Investor Relations, Inc.Hannah Deresiewicz, 
      212-362-1200hannahd@sternir.com














Release Summary
Proclara Biosciences today announced recent progress across its product pipeline.






Contacts

      Media:Ten Bridge CommunicationsSarah Sutton, 857-242-1619sarah@tenbridgecommunications.comorInvestor 
      Relations:Stern Investor Relations, Inc.Hannah Deresiewicz, 
      212-362-1200hannahd@sternir.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














	Proclara Biosciences Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Proclara Biosciences Inc.
                        

formerly known as NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals Inc.
                        







print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Cambridge, Mass.


 Region

New England


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Neurology, Endocrine/Metabolic


 Year Founded

2006


 Website

http://www.proclarabio.com



 Lead Product Status

Phase I






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy






















 




Proclara Biosciences Lands $47M Series E

































   Your Source for Venture Capital and Private Equity Financings


   Massinvestor/VC News Daily      


  
                     















VC Directories
Mobile Apps
Celebrity VCs
VentureTrackr
Archive
About Us








 












 












 










Proclara Biosciences Lands $47M Series E



2016-09-07

Tweet
 


  
						    
                  
CAMBRIDGE, MA, Biotechnology company developing novel therapies for diseases caused by protein misfolding, has secured $47 million in a Series E financing.
Click here for more funding data on Proclara Biosciences
                  To export Proclara Biosciences funding data to PDF and Excel, click here

Proclara Biosciences, a biotechnology company developing novel therapies for diseases caused by protein misfolding, today announced that the company has secured $47 million in a Series E financing to support the development of product candidates for Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and other diseases. Additionally, the former NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals announced that it has changed its name to Proclara Biosciences, marking its evolution into a clinical stage company. In a separate announcement released today, Proclara also reported that it has initiated a Phase 1b clinical trial of its lead product candidate, NPT088, for Alzheimer's disease.'Together with our name change, this important corporate milestone marks our continued progress towards bringing to market a new class of medicines to address the urgent needs of patients suffering from debilitating protein misfolding diseases.'Tweet thisProclara's $47 million Series E financing was led by existing investors, including private investors and Merieux Developpement. The financing will support further clinical development of NPT088, as well as the preclinical advancement of additional molecules toward the clinic. With completion of this financing, Proclara has raised more than $110 million to date.'We are very pleased by the continued support of our investors, which speaks to the strength of our science and the tremendous potential for our therapies to transform the treatment landscape for patients suffering from Alzheimer's and other neurodegenerative diseases,' said Franz Hefti, Ph.D., president and chief executive officer of Proclara. 'Together with our name change, this important corporate milestone marks our continued progress towards bringing to market a new class of medicines to address the urgent needs of patients suffering from debilitating protein misfolding diseases.'Proclara's name change from NeuroPhage Pharmaceuticals signifies its emergence as a clinical-stage company with a novel approach to treating diseases caused by misfolded proteins. While most current therapies being investigated for neurodegenerative diseases target only a single type of misfolded protein, Proclara's proprietary General Amyloid Interaction Motif (GAIM) platform enables the simultaneous targeting of multiple misfolded proteins, which may provide a superior approach to addressing the complex pathophysiology of multi-factorial diseases.As part of the Series E financing, Daniel Lynch, a highly experienced biotechnology executive, was appointed executive chairman of Proclara's board of directors. Nick Leschly, chief executive officer of bluebird bio, was also appointed to the company's board.'I am delighted to join the Proclara board of directors at this exciting time in the company's development,' said Lynch. 'I believe Proclara's GAIM-based therapies have tremendous potential to modify the disease trajectory of multiple neurodegenerative diseases and look forward to working with the talented management team to advance these programs through clinical development.'Lynch is a venture partner at Third Rock Ventures. Previously, he served as chief executive and chief financial officer of ImClone Systems Corporation. As chief executive, he led the company through a significant turnaround, helping to restore its reputation and to secure FDA approval of ERBITUX (Cetuximab), a novel cancer treatment. As chief financial officer, he led negotiations to form the major partnership between ImClone and Bristol-Myers Squibb. Earlier in his career, Lynch served in various financial positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb over a 15-year tenure. In addition to chairing Proclara's board, Lynch is chairman of the board of the following companies: bluebird bio, Blueprint Medicines, RaNA Therapeutics, BIND Therapeutics and Eleven Biotherapeutics. Lynch has advised and served as chairman of the board of directors for a number of biopharmaceutical companies, which include Stromedix (until its acquisition by Biogen Idec in 2012) and Avila Therapeutics (until its acquisition by Celgene Corporation in 2012). He was also a member of the board of directors and the audit committee of U.S. Oncology for five years until 2010, when it was acquired by McKesson. Lynch received his Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics from Wesleyan University and his Master of Business Administration from the Darden Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of Virginia.Leschly has served as the chief executive officer of bluebird bio since 2010. Formerly, he was a partner and founding member of Third Rock Ventures in 2007. Leschly has played an integral role in the overall formation, development and business strategy of several of Third Rock's portfolio companies, including Agios Pharmaceuticals and Edimer Pharmaceuticals. Prior to joining Third Rock, he worked at Millennium Pharmaceuticals, leading several early-stage drug development programs and served as the product leader for VELCADE. Leschly also founded and served as chief executive officer of MedXtend Corporation. He received his Bachelor of Science in Molecular Biology from Princeton University and his Master of Business Administration from Wharton Business School.About Proclara BiosciencesProclara Biosciences is a biotechnology company advancing product candidates developed based on proprietary GAIM technology, which is capable of simultaneously targeting multiple toxic misfolded proteins. The broad applicability of the Proclara technology enables the company to target multiple protein misfolding diseases, including neurodegenerative diseases and several rare systemic amyloidoses. The lead GAIM drug candidate, NPT088, is in clinical development for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. For more information, please visit proclarabio.com.

(c)2011-2017 by Massinvestor, Inc.  For contact info, please check out our about page.

                     
                  >> Click here for in-depth research on 4,000 VC firms 































 












Massinvestor/VC News Daily617-620-4606© 2017 Massinvestor, Inc.


VC Directories
Mobile Apps
Celebrity VCs



VentureTrackr
Archive
Funded Companies


About Us









	PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES Trademark of Proclara Biosciences, Inc.. Serial Number: 87115145 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Pharmaceutical Products
PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES










 
Get FREE email alerts













PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES  Trademark Information
 Proclara Biosciences, Inc.
Pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of central nervous system diseases and disorders; pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of diseases and disorders caused by misfolded protein deposits; pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of Alzheimer's disease




Perfect for these industries

Pharmaceutical Products





Words that describe this mark
pharmaceutical   preparations   use   prevention   treatment   central   nervous   diseases   disorders   pharmaceutical   preparations   use   prevention   treatment   diseases   disorders   caused   misfolded   protein   deposits   pharmaceutical   preparations   use   prevention   treatment   alzheimers    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES trademark by Proclara Biosciences, Inc. 
                                in Cambridge, MA, 02142.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Proclara Biosciences, Inc. of the PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES trademark.
                           


Status Update!
                          On Tuesday, July 11, 2017, status on the PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES trademark changed to NOTICE OF ALLOWANCE - ISSUED.
                        






On Monday, July 25, 2016,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES by 
                        Proclara Biosciences, Inc., Cambridge, MA  02142.
                        The USPTO has given the PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES 
                        trademark serial  number of  87115145.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is NOTICE OF ALLOWANCE - ISSUED.
                        The correspondent listed for PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES is 
                        
                        
                                            CHRISTIE BATY HUDGINS of 
                                            FINNEGAN HENDERSON FARABOW GARRETT & DUN,  901 NEW YORK AVENUE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20001 
                                .
                            The PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Pharmaceutical Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES 
                            is Pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of central nervous system diseases and disorders; pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of diseases and disorders caused by misfolded protein deposits; pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of Alzheimer's disease. 
                            





Word mark:
 PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES


  Status/Status Date:  


NOTICE OF ALLOWANCE - ISSUED

7/11/2017



  Serial Number:  
87115145


  Filing Date:  
7/25/2016


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of central nervous system diseases and disorders; pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of diseases and disorders caused by misfolded protein deposits; pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of Alzheimer's disease


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the words "PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES" with a fanciful "P" design, with the word "PROCLARA" appearing first in blue and gradually changing to green, with the word "BIOSCIENCES" appearing in black lettering below.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/16/2017


Last Applicant/Owner:

Proclara Biosciences, Inc.Cambridge, MA  02142
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Straight line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                     Vertical line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                    Horizontal line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                    Zig  -  zag line(s) (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                    Geometric figures forming letters or numerals, including punctuation  (Forms of writing   -  Figurative elements forming representations of letters or numerals, including punctuation) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("BIOSCIENCES")


 Correspondent:


CHRISTIE BATY HUDGINS
FINNEGAN HENDERSON FARABOW GARRETT & DUN
901 NEW YORK AVENUE NW
WASHINGTON, DC 20001






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (005) - Pharmaceutical and veterinary preparations; sanitary preparations for medical purposes; dietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babies; plasters, materials for dressings; material for stopping teeth, dental wax; disinfectants; preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/11/2017
NOTICE OF ALLOWANCE - ISSUED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



CHRISTIE BATY HUDGINS


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search proclarabiosciences on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES 




PROCLARA BIOSCIENCES is providing Pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of central nervous system diseases and disorders; pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of diseases and disorders caused by misfolded protein deposits; pharmaceutical preparations for use in the prevention and treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















