










 




	BARROW'S INTENSE Trademark of Proof of Concept LLC. Serial Number: 85481852 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Wines and Spirits Products
BARROW'S INTENSE










 
Get FREE email alerts













BARROW'S INTENSE  Trademark Information
 Proof of Concept LLC
Liquor; Liquor and liqueur beverages, namely, liquors and liqueurs with natural fruit, vegetable and herb flavorings




Perfect for these industries

Wines and Spirits Products





Words that describe this mark
liquor   liquor   liqueur   beverages         liquors   liqueurs   natural   fruit      vegetable   herb   flavorings    
                                    




This is a brand page for the BARROW'S INTENSE trademark by Proof of Concept LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10014.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this BARROW'S INTENSE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Proof of Concept LLC of the BARROW'S INTENSE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the BARROW'S INTENSE trademark.
                           






On Monday, November 28, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        BARROW'S INTENSE by 
                        Proof of Concept LLC, New York, NY  10014.
                        The USPTO has given the BARROW'S INTENSE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85481852.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for BARROW'S INTENSE is 
                        
                        
                                            SAMUEL B. COHEN of 
                                            LAW OFFICES OF WYLIE M. STECKLOW,  10 SPRING ST APT 1, NEW YORK, NY 10012-4227 
                                .
                            The BARROW'S INTENSE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Wines and Spirits Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for BARROW'S INTENSE 
                            is Liquor; Liquor and liqueur beverages, namely, liquors and liqueurs with natural fruit, vegetable and herb flavorings. 
                            





Word mark:
 BARROW'S INTENSE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/2/2013



  Serial Number:  
85481852


  Filing Date:  
11/28/2011


 Registration Number:  
4359867 


 Registration Date:  
7/2/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Liquor; Liquor and liqueur beverages, namely, liquors and liqueurs with natural fruit, vegetable and herb flavorings


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/16/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Proof of Concept LLCNew York, NY  10014
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


SAMUEL B. COHEN
LAW OFFICES OF WYLIE M. STECKLOW
10 SPRING ST APT 1
NEW YORK, NY 10012-4227






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (033) - Alcoholic beverages (except beers). 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/1/2011


First Use In Commerce: 
10/24/2011





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your BARROW'S INTENSE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/2/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SAMUEL B. COHEN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of BARROW'S INTENSE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search barrowsintense on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for BARROW'S INTENSE 




BARROW'S INTENSE is providing Liquor; Liquor and liqueur beverages, namely, liquors and liqueurs with natural fruit, vegetable and herb flavorings.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    



Proof of Concept  Llc in San Luis Obispo, CA 93401 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» San Luis Obispo
» Professional Services
» Proof of Concept  Llc













Proof of Concept  Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





624 Mitchell Dr  San Luis Obispo, California 93401


(805) 305-9787


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Proof of Concept  Llc is located at the address 624 Mitchell Dr in San Luis Obispo, California 93401.  They can be contacted via phone at (805) 305-9787 for pricing, hours and directions.  Proof of Concept  Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For maps and directions to Proof of Concept  Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Proof of Concept  Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Directional & Informational
, Autos
, Newsletters
, Business Cards
, White Pages
, Promotional Products
, Maps
, Banners & Flags



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (805) 305-9787
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 84000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Professional Services
Directory & Mailing List Publishers
Information & Media
Publishing



People Also Viewed


Kci Environmental, Inc


225 Suburban Rd  San Luis Obispo, California 93401




Kompolt Inc


4119 Broad St Ste 210 San Luis Obispo, California 93401




Johnson Greg


1297 Rich Ct  San Luis Obispo, California 93401




Healthways


607 High st Apt B Apt B San Luis Obispo, California 93401




Js Multimedia Solutions


404 Corrida Dr  San Luis Obispo, California 93401




Bishop Roger Certified Valuation Analyst


860 Osos St  San Luis Obispo, California 93401





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













What is proof of concept (POC)? - Definition from WhatIs.com















































SearchCIO







Search the TechTarget Network












Home
Project management
ERP
proof of concept (POC) 









Definition
proof of concept (POC) 












									Posted by: Margaret Rouse

WhatIs.com
















Contributor(s): Bianca Rawson










Share this item with your network:

























































Proof of concept (POC) is documented evidence that a potential product or service can be successful. 
Developing a proof of concept can help a product owner to identify potential technical and logistical issues that might interfere with success. It also provides the opportunity for an organization to solicit internal feedback about a promising product or service, while reducing unnecessary risk and exposure and providing the opportunity for stakeholders to assess design choices early on in the development cycle. 





Download this free guide




What should be in a CIO’s IT strategic plan?
This complimentary document comprehensively details the elements of a strategic IT plan that are common across the board – from identifying technology gaps and risks to allocating IT resources and capabilities. The SearchCIO.com team has compiled its most effective, most objective, most valued feedback into this single document that’s guaranteed to help you better select, manage, and track IT projects for superior service delivery.
Start Download






Corporate E-mail Address:

You forgot to provide an Email Address.
This email address doesn’t appear to be valid.
This email address is already registered. Please login.
You have exceeded the maximum character limit.
Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address.












By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent.




 By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. 

You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.

















A proof of concept plan should address how the proposed product or service will support business goals. It should include clearly defined criteria for success, documentation for how the proof of concept will be carried out, an evaluation component and a proposal for how to move forward should the POC prove to be successful. Developing such a plan is an important step in determining how an envisioned product or service will ultimately be delivered to users with the fewest number of flaws.
In some corporate cultures, proof of concept may be referred to as proof of principle. 
 
 
 
 
 



		
		
			
			
				
					This was last updated in August 2013





			Continue Reading About proof of concept (POC)
		

Managing capacity: Lessons from the front lines


Business process outsourcing: How one CIO got it right


Improve business processes with this guide for CIOs


Proof of concept example from NIST


Free templates for establishing a proof of concept









				Related Terms


Six Sigma

Six Sigma is an approach to data-driven management that seeks to improve quality by measuring how many defects there are in a ... 
							See complete definition



startup company

A startup company is a newly formed business with particular momentum behind it based on perceived demand for its product or ... 
							See complete definition



steadycam (steadicam)

A steadycam (also known as a steadicam) is a device that enables smooth video shooting by stabilizing a camera and isolating it ... 
							See complete definition







Dig Deeper on IT project management and portfolio management




									All




									News




									Get Started




									Evaluate




									Manage




									Problem Solve








IT pros discuss the technology-based projects that most excite them



Digital transformation projects cry out for a human touch



PMO (project management office)



Charting the Agile impact on the enterprise




							Load More



										View All






Digital transformation projects cry out for a human touch



Gilbane Conference: HBR's IT team uses Agile and wins a seat at the table



Cloud, mobile apps remain major tech issues for Gartner Catalyst-goers



Google's Alphabet: To boldly go ...




							Load More



										View All News






PMO (project management office)



collaborative computing



project management



product development (new product development, or NPD)




							Load More



										View All Get started






IT pros discuss the technology-based projects that most excite them



Charting the Agile impact on the enterprise



To 'fail fast,' CIOs need to think strategically from the get-go



Readers talk technological advancement, future planning, Ray Kurzweil




							Load More



										View All Evaluate






Charting the Agile impact on the enterprise



Project management best practices for SMBs



Free statement of work template examples for CIOs



Demand shaping vs. demand management: Making IT count in the digital era




							Load More



										View All Manage






Gartner's four steps on how to better manage public APIs



Four elements of creating business agility



Readers talk technological advancement, future planning, Ray Kurzweil



The importance of project management: Tweet jammers share insights




							Load More



										View All Problem solve









PRO+
Content
Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here.







E-Handbook
Enterprise cloud strategy: Improve agility while avoiding risk




E-Handbook
21st century data security model: Can tech save us from ourselves?




E-Handbook
Compliance, security and oversight for the mobile enterprise



















				Join the conversation


1 comment




						Send me notifications when other members comment.
Add My Comment




Register







Login


Forgot your password?





Forgot your password?

No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password.




Submit







Your password has been sent to:




By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy







Please create a username to comment.








Oldest 
Newest 






[-]



jbh25030
 - 24 Feb 2014 4:58 PM

No health care, hardlines industry



Add My Comment
Cancel





  
















-ADS BY GOOGLE







File Extensions and File Formats

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S


T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#


Powered by:












SearchCompliance




Q&A: Why metrics are vital to insider threat prevention and mitigation
Insider threat prevention has become inherent to cybersecurity strategy, but companies must use the right metrics to determine ...



FAQ: How would the Financial CHOICE Act change current compliance regs?
In this FAQ, we examine how the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017 would change U.S. regulatory compliance mandates targeting the ...



Cybersecurity governance falls short amid rising security budgets
Companies still struggle to adapt risk management strategies to face modern threats, but maturing their cybersecurity governance ...






SearchHealthIT




Deploy advanced threat protection tools to combat healthcare threats
As hospitals continue to face ongoing cyberthreats, advanced threat protection tools that filter email and monitor network ...



Wisconsin provider uses Salesforce for healthcare marketing campaign
A large Wisconsin health system has been using Salesforce Marketing Cloud for targeted email campaigns to keep patients engaged ...



Former Amazon exec discusses the consumerization of healthcare
The consumerization of healthcare has gotten some buzz lately and now a former Amazon exec has entered the healthcare arena. He ...






SearchCloudComputing




Curb on-demand self-service risks with cloud inventory management
Shadow IT can create compliance and security issues, as well as increase cloud costs. Take back control with these best practices...



IBM's cloud vision prioritizes platform, but future remains fuzzy
Some doubt IBM will ever catch up to AWS' dominance in the IaaS market. But, given Big Blue's growing emphasis on Bluemix ...



IT leaders: How the systems administrator role can stay relevant
Cloud computing has put the squeeze on traditional system administrators. IT leaders from Google, Pivotal and Rackspace say those...






SearchMobileComputing




User experience shapes the future of mobile app development
Mobile application development trends may come and go, but one thing remains constant: keeping the user at the forefront of the ...



EMM market 'fading fast' thanks to workspaces, analyst says
As more vendors bundle enterprise mobility management into suites, it's important for organizations to be aware of the different ...



How can an enterprise social collaboration platform benefit business?
The influence of social media is clear: Today's users want to collaborate. Answer these questions to determine if social ...






SearchDataCenter




IBM Strategic Imperatives mark a transition into software and services
IBM's Strategic Imperatives are slowly morphing the server hardware stalwart into a software and services company. But IBM still ...



Data center acquisitions can cause price and services upheaval
Enterprises that rent racks inside one of the many data centers that have changed hands in 2017 should carefully evaluate changes...



Redfish server management gets vendors' nod in new server hardware
Vendors are keen to push their own server management tools with extra capabilities, but they lack the cross-vendor capabilities ...

































Close








  Why a Proof-of-Concept Prototype? | Product Development Solutions


















































 



























Navigation Menu




Follow us on Twitter





Follow us on Facebook





Subscribe To Rss Feed





Follow Us On Google+




 
 
 





Home »
All Posts » Why a Proof-of-Concept Prototype?					 


Why a Proof-of-Concept Prototype?
You have a great product idea.  What should you do next?
If you are an inventor or an entrepreneur, you have probably come up with some great product ideas. When these ideas were conceived, you probably envisioned the thousands of people who would buy the revolutionary product. Your second thought might have been to ask yourself “What do I do now to take this idea to the next step?”


Endotracheal Tube Translation Prototype by Leardon Solutions

The team at Leardon Solutions has designed, engineered, prototyped, and manufactured products in the medical devices and diagnostic, health and lifestyle, commercial, consumer electronics, and active sports industries.  Regardless of the product complexity, one of the first things that Leardon Solutions does is to prove that the product idea is technically feasible. It isn’t always necessary to hire an engineering or prototyping company to create your Proof-of-Concept Prototype. Depending on the complexity of the product idea, a Proof-of-Concept Prototype can sometimes be constructed by a handy person, assuming that they have a good understanding of the required function. Also, complex engineering drawings and designs are not always needed since the Proof-of-Concept Prototype can sometimes be made using off-the-shelf components from the local hardware store. For products that are more technically challenging and require engineering skill, you can work with companies such as Leardon Solutions to develop your Proof-of-Concept Prototype.
Apt Innovations Floe Prototype by Leardon Solutions
If your product idea is conceptually and technically simple or complex, Leardon Solutions finds it important to create a Proof-of-Concept Prototype for many reasons. First, as the name implies, the Proof-of-Concept Prototype allows you to validate to yourself that the idea actually works and functions as envisioned. This first prototype does not need to be pretty. Normally, it does not bear any resemblance to your final product since the goal is to only prove it functions and not to prove that it looks nice.
The second use of the Proof-of-Concept Prototype is to act as an aid in obtaining intellectual property such as a patent. It is extremely important that you have the ability to concisely explain your product idea to an intellectual property attorney. The Proof-of-Concept Prototype can help you explain how your product functions while also providing a functioning model that the attorney can use to seek out additional patent claims that might not have been found without the Proof-of-Concept Prototype.
The final use of the Proof-of-Concept Prototype is as a show-and-tell device. Potential investors or patent licensees will typically ask you to show them how your product works. If two investment seekers enter a room, one with a business plan presentation and another with a Proof-of-Concept Prototype, the investor’s eyes will gravitate toward the show-and-tell product demonstration. The prototype adds validity not only to the product but also to you as a business person.
Don’t underestimate the important of a Proof-of-Concept Prototype and don’t try to cut corners by skipping the Proof-of-Concept stage and moving forward without having proven to yourself and others that your idea is technically feasible.
 



  

Author: Nick : Editor at Large -Leardon Solutions                                 



Share This Post On

GoogleFacebookTwitter 


 
 

 
Email Us Here

  


+1(888) 872-9703

+1(858) 207-3497
 Our Locations 

   
 
 
 

 
 

Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress










 




















We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more






What is a Proof of Concept (POC)? - Definition from Techopedia






































ALERT

                    Cisco CloudCenter: Get the Hybrid IT Advantage
                








                    Topics
                        


Cloud Computing
Security
Big Data
Online Privacy
Personal Tech
Technology Trends
IT Business
Data Management




                    Webinars
                



                    Downloads
                



                    Dictionary
                



                    Tutorials
                



                    Q & A
                



                    Trending
                        


Virtualization
Machine Learning
Big Data




                    More
                        


About
Advertising Info
Contact Us
Contributors
Newsletters
Write for Us































Home


Dictionary


Tags


Enterprise





 Proof of Concept (POC)






                        Definition - What does Proof of Concept (POC) mean?
                    


 A proof of concept (POC) is a demonstration, the purpose of which is to verify that certain concepts or theories have the potential for real-world application. POC is therefore a prototype that is designed to determine feasibility, but does not represent deliverables.
Proof of concept is also known as proof of principle.








                [WEBINAR] Plan for Success: Using Process Models to Achieve Business Goals
            








Techopedia explains Proof of Concept (POC)


Proof of concept is a term with various interpretations in different areas. POC in software development describes distinct processes with different objectives and participant roles. POC may also refer to partial solutions involving a small number of users acting in business roles to establish whether a system satisfies certain requirements. The overall objective of POC is to find solutions to technical problems, such as how systems can be integrated or throughput can be achieved through a given configuration.
In the business world, POC is how startups demonstrate that a product is financially viable. POC involves extensive research and review, and is submitted as a single package to concerned parties. It includes examination of the revenue model, in which companies show projected revenue from products and services, and indicate development cost, long-term finance projections and how much the service costs to maintain and market. It is an excellent way for a business to evaluate itself internally and at proposed acquisitions and projects.









Share this:


















Related Terms




                                        Prototype
                                        
                                    



                                        Prototyping
                                        
                                    



                                        Performance Testing
                                        
                                    



                                        Static Testing
                                        
                                    



                                        Software Development
                                        
                                    



                                        Bake-Off
                                        
                                    



                                        Single Source Proof Of Concept
                                        
                                    



                                        Concept Testing
                                        
                                    



                                        Minimum Viable Product (MVP)
                                        
                                    

















Related Articles














Predictive Analytics in the Real World: What Does It Look Like?














Agile Software Development 101














INFOGRAPHIC: The History of Programming Languages














A 3-D Printer Isn't a Replicator Yet, But These People Are Using It Anyway














What Big Data Trends Are on the Horizon?














5 Nature-Imitating Technologies










Related White Papers


















                                            Beginner's Guide to Business Intelligence
                                         - Learn how to harness the power of business intelligence and analysis to gain a competitive marketplace advantage. We cover the technology that powers BI, delve into the latest market research, and examine emerging trends.
                                    


















                                            Business Intelligence Buyer's Guide
                                         - This guide examines the data warehousing and data visualization/analytics markets. Case studies detail how businesses are using this today, as well as which products serve best for each major applications.
                                    


















                                            Guide To Data Visualization
                                         - Insight from business intelligence programs can be difficult to digest in numerical form. This guide covers the factors one should consider when selecting and implementing a data visualization solution.
                                    


















                                            Guide to Data Warehousing
                                         - Implementing a data warehouse is a strong step toward managing data on an enterprise level. This guide covers the factors one should consider when selecting and implementing a data warehousing solution.
                                    







Related Products








                                    Business Intelligence Product Selection Tool
                                
                                 - Find the Best Business Intelligence Vendors
You're just a few steps away from your custom recommendations
                            








                                    Data Visualization Product Selection Tool
                                
                                 - Insight from business intelligence programs can be difficult to digest in numerical form. Visual representations help people comprehend such information, and encourage a wider range of insight.
                            








                                    Data Warehousing Product Selection Tool
                                
                                 - Compare the Best Data Warehousing Tools
Implementing a data warehouse is a strong step toward managing data on an enterprise level, either for management purposes or business intelligence efforts.
                            







Related Tags



EnterpriseIT BusinessSoftware Testing


















Resources







Controlling Costs in the Cloud: 8 Things Every CIO Must Consider:







Lifehacks for Network Techs:







Free E-Book: Public Cloud Guide:







Free Tool: Virtual Health Monitor:







Free 30 Day Trial – Turbonomic:






Latest Articles














Cloud vs. Local Backup: Which Do You Need?
















Tech's Obsession With Virtual Reality
















How to Ensure App Performance in Hybrid Cloud
















The Pros and Cons of Intranets
















These Pain Points Are Preventing Companies from Adopting Deep Learning






















ABOUT

About
Advertising Info
Contact Us
Write for Us



CONTENT

Topics
Dictionary
Q&A
Tutorials



TOPICS

Cloud Computing
Security
Big Data
Privacy
Personal Tech
IT Business
Data Management
All Topics







CONNECT

 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Google Plus
 Feed



 MORE

Webinars
Downloads
Newsletters







        Techopedia Terms:   
            #   
            A   
            B   
            C   
            D   
            E   
            F   
            G   
            H   
            I   
            J   
            K   
            L   
            M   
            N   
            O   
            P   
            Q   
            R   
            S   
            T   
            U   
            V   
            W   
            X   
            Y   
            Z   
    


            Copyright © 2017 Techopedia Inc. - Terms of Use -
            Privacy Policy




















Techopedia


TERM OF THE DAY


Learn daily! Get a new 'techie term' in your in-box every morning.












Email is required

































Proof Of Concept Llc (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Proof Of Concept Llc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Proof Of Concept Llc

Proof Of Concept Llc imports from The Ideas Inc in India through the port of New York, New York        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Proof Of Concept Llc and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 PEPSICO
 PING INC.
 ADIDAS INDUSTRIAL
 INTEL TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD
 LULULEMON USA INC
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Proof Of Concept Llc
Proof Of Concept Llc imports from The Ideas Inc in India through the port of New York, New York


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



THE IDEAS INC
NEAR AKHBAR FACTORY, DHIMRI ROAD, ISLAM, NAGAR, MORADABAD INDIA 244001 IN


PROOF OF CONCEPT LLC
130 BARROW STREET.415 NEW YORK 0 USA NY 10014 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



PROOF OF CONCEPT LLC.
130 BARROW STREET.415 NEW YORK USA NY 10014 US



1 TO 40 = 40
CARTONS
1 TO 40 = 40
CARTONS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



HLCUBO1150801860


FSCU6674093
FSCU6674093


Product Description




HANDICRAFTS OF COPPER                        ARTWARES MINI COPPER MUG                     WITH ENGRAVED LOGO                           HS CODE: 74199940                            INV NO. TI-102-15-16                         DT:-01.07.2015                               SB NO. 2045498

DT. 27.07.2015                    
HANDICRAFTS OF COPPER                        ARTWARES MINI COPPER MUG                     WITH ENGRAVED LOGO                           HS CODE: 74199940                            INV NO. TI-102-15-16                         DT:-01.07.2015                               SB NO. 2045498

DT. 27.07.2015                               NET WT. 316.800 KGS                          TOTAL 40 (FOURTY) CARTONS                    ONLY

View more








Bill of LadingDMALBOM164966Arrival Date2015-09-09Weight (LB)1,074Weight (KG)488Quantity40 CTNContainer Count1Voyage No.5133Port of LoadingNHAVA SHEVAPort of DischargeNEW YORK, NEW YORKVessel NameTOMMI RITSCHERCarrier CodeDMALCountry Of OriginIndiaPlace Of ReceiptJNPT 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Proof Of Concept Llc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Proof Of Concept Llc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Proof Of Concept Llc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Proof Of Concept Llc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Palram Chemicals Inc                                



                                    Eakdistribution Llc                                



                                    Centrotrade Deutschland Gmbh Eori-n                                



                                    Shenzhenfumantangtradecoltd                                



                                    Qep % Dongyang Noted Construction                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3676
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















