Meet Tony Prophet, Salesforce's chief equality officerSUBSCRIBE NOWto get home deliveryGet the newsLog In or Subscribe to skipSign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ
                            1
                        
                            440
                        Share This Story!Let friends in your social network know what you are reading aboutFacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterestMeet Tony Prophet, Salesforce's chief equality officerThe veteran tech executive pledged a "heightened" focus on racial diversity.Post to FacebookMeet Tony Prophet, Salesforce's chief equality officer The veteran tech executive pledged a "heightened" focus on racial diversity.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2d2L1UX
                            {#
                            
                            #}
                        CancelSendSent!A link has been sent to your friend's email address.Posted!A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's ConversationTo find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsThis story is part of the series inequity in silicon valley
                Start-up investor Dave McClure resigns from 500 Startups
                Fallout from venture capital sexual harassment scandal spreads
                Sexual harassment scandal shakes insular venture capitalMeet Tony Prophet, Salesforce's chief equality officer Jessica Guynn  , USA TODAY 
            Published 11:05 a.m. ET Sept. 15, 2016 | Updated 10:21 a.m. ET Sept. 16, 2016Technology executive Tony Prophet has been appointed chief equality officer at Salesforce.com(Photo: Jack Gruber, USA TODAY)
            
                1
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                440
            
        LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORESAN FRANCISCO — Salesforce.com has named Tony Prophet as its first chief equality officer to focus on initiatives to bring greater diversity to the business software company.Prophet, a former Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard executive, will report directly to Salesforce chief executive office Marc Benioff.The high-profile appointment reflects the growing emphasis Silicon Valley's technology companies are placing on addressing the lopsided demographics of the industry. Prophet —who sits on the board of Gannett, the parent company of USA TODAY — most recently served as Microsoft's corporate vice president of education marketing.So excited to join the #SalesforceOhana as it does great things in the community and the world! https://t.co/Vwb2ty6Ue7— Tony Prophet (@tony_prophet) September 15, 2016"I always walk into headquarters of companies all over the world and I always look at their values. Everyone knows at Ford that quality is job one. At Salesforce, equality is job one," Benioff told USA TODAY. "That's why you need a senior executive running this mission."Prophet, a prominent African-American tech executive, was co-executive sponsor of Blacks at Microsoft and founding executive of BlackLight, an organization for black marketers at Microsoft."Marc has firmly planted a flag that a corporation can be a force for good in society. And now he's extending that by creating this smart platform for driving not just inclusion and diversity but driving equality," Prophet told USA TODAY.Prophet pledged that racial diversity would be a "heightened priority" at Salesforce.com, which came under fire last year from people of color for focusing diversity efforts on closing the gender gap.USA TODAYSalesforce's Benioff calls for racial equality in techEarlier this week, Benioff called on the tech industry to strive for greater racial equality."In the tech industry we especially have not done well on racial diversity," Benioff said. "I really believe a big reason for that is we haven't focused on it."Rev. Jesse Jackson, who has pressed the tech industry to hire more women and underrepresented minorities, said he was pleased that Salesforce had appointed Prophet."Salesforce is making a deep dive into racial equality," Jackson said.Benioff is a nationally known philanthropist credited with kicking off a new era of corporate social activism among leading chief executives, particularly on gay rights. Benioff says "the  business of business is to improve the state of the world." Now he's turning that activism inwards, appointing Prophet to spearhead efforts to make Salesforce more representative of society at large."A company like Salesforce has to be fighting for more equality at every level and for every person," Benioff said. "The work of diversity is a constant struggle and it requires somebody senior dedicated to this, not just somebody who is kind of functional in the HR organization, but really somebody who is going to work directly for the CEO because these are big, difficult issues that today are paramount to the overall success of the company and the world."USA TODAYBenioff's new philanthropic mission: the oceansClosing the gender and racial gap as they compete in an increasingly global marketplace has become a pressing challenge for tech companies, especially in Silicon Valley. Salesforce.com suffers from the same lack of diversity as other major tech companies. At Salesforce, seven out of 10 employees and eight out of 10 senior leaders around the globe are men. In the U.S., 2% of Salesforce employees are African American and 4% are Hispanic.Q&A with Tony ProphetProphet spoke with USA TODAY about his new role as chief equality officer. The interview has been edited and condensed.On why he took the jobI have been watching Marc and just following the amazing things he has done in the world of philanthropy and obviously watching the business accomplishments. And then when Marc really started putting an emphasis on LGBTQ issues, I really started paying attention to the impact he was having.This spring a mutual acquaintance of ours died, Bill Campbell. I was just thinking about icons and how you never get a chance to tell someone how much of an impact they've had and what a role model they've been. And so I just sat down and just wrote Marc a note and I said: Marc, tough week. Bill died. You will never know the impact you are having on tens millions of people. Let me tell you one: That's my son. My son is LGBTQ transgender. You are opening doors for my son who's this year going to college and as a transgender person had to stand up on the dorm floor and had to tell everyone on the floor: I need those bathrooms to change because I don't feel comfortable using either one of them. You opened those doors for my son. That really accelerated the dialogue for Marc and I. He was moved by this. From that point that conversation was like a snowball. And here I am.On why Salesforce has a chief equality officer I see a natural progression from diversity to inclusion to equality. Diversity is a given, that we are driving for that. Inclusion, certainly. But to drive for equality — equal rights, equal opportunity, equal advancement, equal pay — is the ultimate goal. I think the title signals the strategy and the intent for what we are working to drive and create at Salesforce and foster around the world.On the challenges head for the tech industryWhen you look across the tech industry, for some demographics we have relatively low representations. That's the initial challenge. I am confident we will break through that challenge and you are seeing great progress on some dimensions and work to do on others. But I think the next challenges will be around creating inclusive dialogues, inclusive environments where all opinions are weighed and matter around the table.One of the great things about Salesforce is it's a very dynamic company that's shown its agility when it sets its mind and its resources against an issue, problem or challenge and really quickly is able to rise to the challenge.On Salesforce making racial diversity a priorityIt has certainly been a priority in the past and I would say it's going to be a heightened priority. Of all the dimensions, it's certainly one that Marc and I have talked about, as well as gender as well as LGBTQ issues. So I think you will see a heightened focus on it. I think the numbers are comparable across the industry so there is a tremendous amount of work to be done across the industry.Follow USA TODAY senior technology writer Jessica Guynn @jguynn
            
                1
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                440
            
        LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORERead or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2d2L1UXThis story is part of the series inequity in silicon valley
                Start-up investor Dave McClure resigns from 500 Startups
                Fallout from venture capital sexual harassment scandal spreads
                Sexual harassment scandal shakes insular venture capital
 








Business social responsibility | Tony Prophet | TEDxSantaCatalinaSchool - YouTube 


 
  

































































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Business social responsibility | Tony Prophet | TEDxSantaCatalinaSchool
  



 










TEDx Talks













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from TEDx Talks?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe8.2M 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Statistics



Add translations

4,674 views







16

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



17


1

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2











Loading...
    










Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Nov 17, 2014This talk was given at a local TEDx event, produced independently of the TED Conferences. In today's world of big business there is a push to emphasize social responsibility. Corporations which practice transparency and which are held accountable for their business practices can, in turn, spur big changes to protect the environment and to improve the lives of people and the communities in which they live.Tony Prophet is Microsoft’s Corporate Vice President of Windows Marketing, leading pricing, product marketing, brand strategy, go-to-market strategy and Windows Store. Throughout his career, including his time at HP, Mr. Prophet has been an industry champion for protecting the rights of young workers, educating female workers on women's health issues, and improving schools for the children of migrant workers.About TEDx, x = independently organized event In the spirit of ideas worth spreading, TEDx is a program of local, self-organized events that bring people together to share a TED-like experience. At a TEDx event, TEDTalks video and live speakers combine to spark deep discussion and connection in a small group. These local, self-organized events are branded TEDx, where x = independently organized TED event. The TED Conference provides general guidance for the TEDx program, but individual TEDx events are self-organized.* (*Subject to certain rules and regulations) 



      Category
    

Nonprofits & Activism




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    












Advertisement
      








Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Corporate & economic responsibility | SAM RODDICK | TEDxBrighton
  

     - Duration: 15:40.
  
TEDx Talks
3,998 views



15:40














    The social responsibility of business | Alex Edmans | TEDxLondonBusinessSchool
  

     - Duration: 17:26.
  
TEDx Talks
94,217 views



17:26





    How to Value People Over Profits | Dale Partridge | TEDxBend
  

     - Duration: 15:32.
  
TEDx Talks
25,815 views



15:32





    The Era of Corporate Social Responsibility is Ending | Rachel Hutchisson | TEDxWilmington
  

     - Duration: 8:20.
  
TEDx Talks
15,837 views



8:20





    Authentic vulnerable corporate social responsibility: Monica Parker at TEDxSquareMile
  

     - Duration: 11:35.
  
TEDx Talks
4,910 views



11:35





    Creating ethical cultures in business: Brooke Deterline at TEDxPresidio
  

     - Duration: 8:24.
  
TEDx Talks
117,775 views



8:24





    Reimagining Capitalism with Higher Consciousness: Raj Sisodia at TEDxNewEngland
  

     - Duration: 19:34.
  
TEDx Talks
31,582 views



19:34





    Socially responsible investing: Evan Tylenda at TEDxMuskegon
  

     - Duration: 12:01.
  
TEDx Talks
1,457 views



12:01





    Finding truth in a post-truth world | Elliot Higgins | TEDxAmsterdam
  

     - Duration: 13:23.
  
TEDx Talks
14,975 views



13:23





    Re-thinking corporate social responsibility: Andy Le Seelluer at TEDxStHelier
  

     - Duration: 22:09.
  
TEDx Talks
31,178 views



22:09





    Redefine success in business | Bart Houlahan | TEDxYYC
  

     - Duration: 15:10.
  
TEDx Talks
12,761 views



15:10





    Socially-Responsible Investing for Long Term Safety and Returns: Tom Van Dyck at TEDxNewWallStreet
  

     - Duration: 18:22.
  
TEDx Talks
9,851 views



18:22





    Design and Social Responsibility: Sigga Heimis at TEDxReykjavík
  

     - Duration: 10:19.
  
TEDx Talks
2,680 views



10:19





    How to be a social entrepreneur: Andy Stoll at TEDxUIowa
  

     - Duration: 18:35.
  
TEDx Talks
55,456 views



18:35





    Social movements - a primer: Toby Chow at TEDxUofIChicago
  

     - Duration: 18:34.
  
TEDx Talks
15,516 views



18:34





    The secret kindness agents | Ferial Pearson | TEDxOmaha
  

     - Duration: 17:59.
  
TEDx Talks
9,772 views



17:59





    Brain health strategies -- why and how we can prevent cognitive decline | Roger Anunsen | TEDxSalem
  

     - Duration: 16:03.
  
TEDx Talks
6,986 views



16:03





    TEDxPresidio -  Kellie McElhaney - CSR 3.0
  

     - Duration: 15:01.
  
TEDx Talks
23,918 views



15:01





    Individual social responsibility: Beth Kanter at TEDxBerkeley
  

     - Duration: 13:17.
  
TEDx Talks
3,396 views



13:17





    What is the Best Business Education? Run a Marathon. | Andrew Johnston | TEDxYouth@MileHigh
  

     - Duration: 12:18.
  
TEDx Talks
55,502 views



12:18




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 





Salesforce hires Microsoft's Tony Prophet as chief equality officer - Business Insider






































 





 




































































































Enterprise























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








Salesforce just poached a Microsoft exec to be its first-ever 'Chief Equality Officer'










Eugene Kim












Sep. 15, 2016, 12:49 PM



3,332




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 





Tony ProphetYoutube/Microsoft DynamicsSalesforce just hired ex-Microsoft exec Tony Prophet as its "chief equality officer," just a few days after CEO Marc Benioff announced he was creating the position for the first time.
Prophet was most recently Microsoft's VP of education marketing, overseeing the company's efforts to reach more students. Before that, he led the company's Windows marketing team for a little over a year.
But Prophet is perhaps better known as one of the first executives to join Microsoft after Satya Nadella was named its CEO in 2014. He spent more than 8 years at HP before being hired away by Nadella.
In his new role at Salesforce, Prophet will be in charge of the company's initiatives in areas like diversity, equal pay, and inclusion. He will also help Benioff continue to be a leading voice in social activism. Prophet will report directly to Benioff.
"Tony will be an incredible addition to our leadership team as our first Chief Equality Officer. His experience as a leader in technology companies and his deep commitment to social issues make him the perfect fit for this key role," Benioff said in a statement.
Prophet and Benioff have been friends for many years. They both share a mutual interest in philanthropy, and Prophet is a supporter of the new Benioff Children's Hospital in San Francisco. Benioff also invited Prophet to Salesforce's big annual conference, Dreamforce, in 2014 for a separate fireside chat.
Prophet's hiring is also an interesting turn of events in the rivalry between Salesforce and Microsoft. The two companies have historically been bitter rivals in the cloud business software space, and despite a brief bromance period last year, Benioff recently hinted that the competition is back on.
Get the latest Microsoft stock price here. 

SEE ALSO: A day after stealing HP away from Salesforce, Microsoft's cloud chief calls it a 'takeout'




NOW WATCH: Scientists overlooked a major problem with going to Mars — and they fear it could be a suicide mission








            More:

                                                        Salesforce
Microsoft
Marc Benioff
HP



Tony Prophet



















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























Salesforce just poached a Microsoft exec to be its first-ever 'Chief Equality Officer'
Salesforce just poached a Microsoft exec to be its first-ever 'Chief Equality Officer'

Salesforce just hired ex-Microsoft exec Tony...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Enterprise Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 












































Tony A. Prophet - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Tony A. Prophet
Board Member at Gannett Co., Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Tony A. Prophet? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Tony A. Prophet's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Tony A. Prophet's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Tony A. Prophet's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Tony A. Prophet through your network of contacts.
												








Tony A. Prophet's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Gannett Co., Inc.


Past
To view Tony A. Prophet's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
58

 
 


Tony A. Prophet's Biography



Mr. Prophet is Chief Equality Officer of salesforce.com, inc., a position he has held since September 2016. Previously, he served as Corporate Vice President, Education Marketing, of Microsoft Corporation, from June 2015 to September 2016, as Corporate Vice President, Windows and Search Marketing, from February 2015 to June 2015, and as Corporate Vice President, Windows Marketing, from May 2014 to February 2015. Prior to joining Microsoft, Mr. Prophet served as Senior Vice President of Operations, Printing and Personal Systems at Hewlett-Packard Company from 2012 to 2014 and as Senior Vice President of Supply Chain Operations, Personal System ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Prophet is Chief Equality Officer of salesforce.com, inc., a position he has held since September 2016. Previously, he served as Corporate Vice President, Education Marketing, of Microsoft Corporation, from June 2015 to September 2016, as Corporate Vice President, Windows and Search Marketing, from February 2015 to June 2015, and as Corporate Vice President, Windows Marketing, from May 2014 to February 2015. Prior to joining Microsoft, Mr. Prophet served as Senior Vice President of Operations, Printing and Personal Systems at Hewlett-Packard Company from 2012 to 2014 and as Senior Vice President of Supply Chain Operations, Personal Systems Group, Hewlett-Packard Company from 2006 until 2012. He served as a director of the Company's former parent from 2013 until the separation, and has served as a director of the Company since June 29, 2015.
 
Qualifications
 
Mr. Prophet has extensive leadership experience and broad operational expertise in brand strategy, product pricing and marketing, creating, managing and optimizing global supply chains, and developing new technologies and businesses as a result of the various positions he has held with Microsoft Corporation, Hewlett-Packard Company and other companies. From his role at salesforce, Mr. Prophet has experience with corporate initiatives that promote greater diversity, which is one of our key values and an important element of our strategy.
		
Source: Gannett Co., Inc. on 03/24/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Tony A. Prophet's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Tony A. Prophet. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Tony A. Prophet's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Tony A. Prophet's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Tony A. Prophet through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Tony A. Prophet


















Tony A. Prophet's Connections (41)





Sign up now to view Tony A. Prophet's 41 connections »









Marjorie Magner
Board Member, TEGNA Inc.









Gracia C. Martore
Board Member, WestRock Company









David A. Payne
Former Chief Product Officer, Gannett Co., Inc.









Donald E. Felsinger
Lead Independent Director, Archer Daniels Midland









Lila Ibrahim
Former Board Member, Gannett Co., Inc.









Howard D. Elias
President and Chief Operating Officer, Global Enterprise Services, EMC









Victoria D. Harker
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, TEGNA Inc.









Stephen W. Coll
Former Board Member, Gannett Co., Inc.









Debra A. Sandler
Board Member, Archer Daniels Midland









Chloe R. Sladden
Former Board Member, Gannett Co., Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993














Tony Prophet Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017
























prophet.tony | WEBSTA - Instagram Analytics





































Toggle navigation









WEBSTA











 
MANAGE




My Posts





Liked





Custom Feeds


NEW!






 
ANALYZE




Overview





Content





Engagement





Optimization




 
EXPLORE




Featured Users


NEW!







Top Hashtags





#Webstapick




 
OTHERS




WEBSTA Widgets





Blog




 
NEW FEATURE UPDATE














[info] WEBSTA is experiencing problem with Follow option. A team is deployed to work on this matter. Please bear with us.









IG User





Dashboard



Search

User profile








prophet.tony 









Recent Posts





Analytics






This account is private.

Due to the changes in Instagram's API policy, content from private users can no longer be shown.



You need to login to see prophet.tony's more details.




This account is private.

Due to the changes in Instagram's API policy, content from private users can no longer be shown.



You need to login to see prophet.tony's more details.






Please Log in to see details.
























TOP 10 INSTAGRAMERS






























































TOP 10 HASHTAGS









love

(1,113,991,926)








instagood

(618,630,114)








photooftheday

(434,788,041)








beautiful

(403,253,264)








fashion

(398,435,689)








happy

(380,926,145)








tbt

(378,778,423)








cute

(375,112,935)








followme

(345,909,307)








like4like

(343,649,415)










































Microsoft hires key HP exec Tony Prophet as new Windows marketing leader – GeekWire























































 

























Toggle search box



Toggle navigation












Search for:










LATEST
POPULAR




 
6 little words: Elon Musk targets November for Falcon Heavy rocket’s maiden launch

 
Redfin prices IPO at $15 per share, higher than expected, in advance of Wall Street debut

  
Got eclipse glasses? Here’s how to get ’em

 
There are now 1,000 bike-share bicycles in Seattle as LimeBike officially launches service

 
‘Ain’t nobody gonna trust it:’ What truck drivers think about sharing the road with self-driving vehicles

 
Working Geek: Why Remitly Product Chief Karim Meghji has different workspaces for different tasks

 
Expedia beats analyst expectations, reports $2.6B in Q2 revenue buoyed by HomeAway and Hotels.com

 
Mobile payments now account for 30% of Starbucks transactions as company posts $5.7B in revenue

 
Amazon adds another 31K employees, bringing global headcount to 382K

 
Another strong quarter for AWS: 42 percent jump in revenue to $4.1B

 
Amazon misses big on quarterly profits even as sales jump 25% to $38B

  
Was that rain in Seattle? Don’t get all misty eyed, but it looks like the ‘dry’ streak is alive

 
We went to The League’s exclusive launch party: Here’s what singles say about Seattle’s dating scene

 
Report: Oregon researchers use CRISPR to edit genes in human embryos

 
We rode along with Seattle PD to see how cops are busting drivers violating new distracted driving law

 
Amazon becoming a full-fledged film studio, will self-distribute Woody Allen’s ‘Wonder Wheel’

 
Expedia investing $350M in Indonesian travel site Traveloka

 
Czech student team wins 2017 Microsoft Imagine Cup with innovative approach to manage diabetes

 
VICIS inks deal with Oakley to create advanced eye shield for high-tech football helmet

 
Video: This basketball legend loves Redfin





 
Convoy raises $62M from Bill Gates and other luminaries to transform trucking industry with technology
  
Microsoft unveils Azure Container Instances, joins Cloud Native group, isolating AWS on Kubernetes
  
Amazon hiring another 50K fulfillment employees, holds new ‘Jobs Day’ events at warehouses
  
Testing the new breed of bike sharing: We pitted Spin vs. LimeBike on the streets of Seattle
  
Single in Seattle? The League brings its exclusive ‘dating app for power couples’ to the Northwest
  
Seattle tech investor’s message to the elite: Fighting Trump means forking over some wealth and paying workers fair wages
  
We rode along with Seattle PD to see how cops are busting drivers violating new distracted driving law
  
Health Tech Podcast: How one woman built her own artificial pancreas and started a DIY movement
  
Trump launches another Twitter tirade against Amazon and Bezos-owned Washington Post
  
Giant Chewbacca, Harry Potter, Batgirl and more Funko figurines added to new HQ building
  
‘Fifth Element’ squared: 5 cool ideas from the sci-fi visuals of ‘Valerian’
  
A secret Amazon team is reportedly working on disruptive healthcare tech
  
Look out, Bay Area: Seattle rises to 2nd best tech city in the U.S., passing Washington D.C.
  
Leadership lessons from Pete Carroll: Develop a personal philosophy, and preach it to your team
  
How T-Mobile is using containers in production to increase uptime and save money
  
In updated IPO filing, Redfin says its co-founder is threatening patent suit
  
Pay attention: Here’s what you need to know about Washington state’s strict new distracted-driving law
  
Amazon is already selling pre-packaged ‘Meal Kits’ as it bites into service from Blue Apron and others
  
Seattle home prices rise at more than twice national average, as U.S. tech hubs see biggest gains
  
Convoy founders cautious about self-driving trucks after raising $62M; many regulatory and logistical hurdles to overcome
 




Trending: We rode along with Seattle PD to see how cops are busting drivers violating new distracted driving law 





Microsoft hires key HP exec Tony Prophet as new Windows marketing leader
by Todd Bishop on April 24, 2014 at 1:52 pmApril 24, 2014 at 2:00 pm


















 Comments  2
 Share
 Tweet
 Share  314
 Reddit
 Email




GeekWire Summit: Early-bird tickets here!





 
Tony Prophet

Microsoft has hired Tony Prophet, a longtime HP exec who oversaw operations in the computer maker’s key Printing and Personal Systems group. Prophet will lead Windows marketing, the Redmond company said this afternoon.
The company said in a statement, “We can confirm Tony Prophet will be joining Microsoft as corporate vice president, Windows Marketing, reporting to Chris Capossela. Tony will focus on growing the Windows ecosystem and enabling our partners to be more successful building on Windows.”

He’s expected to start at Microsoft in early May.
The hire is notable in part because Prophet spent so many years as a Microsoft partner, and brings that perspective and experience to the new job with the Redmond company.
As the new Windows marketing chief, he faces a major challenge as Microsoft grapples with declining sales of Windows PCs and attempts to catch up to Apple and Google in smartphones and tablets, while expanding further into hardware development.
Thom Gruhler, who previously led Windows marketing, will shift to Microsoft’s Applications & Services Group in an unspecified role, according to a report by Mary Jo Foley of ZDNet. 







GeekWire Newsletters

Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline




Email address

Subscribe







GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily
                                    




GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday
                                    




GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly
                                    




GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor
                                    




GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes
                                    




GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly
                                    




GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday
                                    




GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers
                                    







Send Us a Tip
Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know.

Send Us a Tip






See MoreGeekWire Events 
 
 




Related Stories
 


 
Salesforce hires Microsoft vet Tony Prophet as its first chief equality officer




 


 
High-ranking Microsoft engineering exec David Treadwell leaving for Amazon after 27 years




 


 
Baidu hires ex-Microsoft exec Qi Lu as president, to lead new AI push for Chinese search giant




 


 
Microsoft’s Julie Larson-Green leaves key Office exec role for health reasons, remains with company







Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline




Email address

Subscribe







GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily
                




GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday
                




GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly
                




GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor
                




GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes
                




GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly
                




GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday
                




GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers
                







Comments












Most Popular on GeekWire


Convoy raises $62M from Bill Gates and other luminaries to transform trucking industry with technologyMicrosoft unveils Azure Container Instances, joins Cloud Native group, isolating AWS on KubernetesAmazon hiring another 50K fulfillment employees, holds new ‘Jobs Day’ events at warehousesTesting the new breed of bike sharing: We pitted Spin vs. LimeBike on the streets of Seattle 






Job Listings on GeekWork




Executive Director, Cambia GroveCambia Health SolutionsSenior Data EngineerRedfinSenior Machine Learning EngineerRedfin 





Lead Software Development Engineer (Services)AccoladeLead Software Development Engineer (Data)AccoladeMarketing ManagerAnswerDash 



Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here.





























 















Tony Prophet











































back to main page
What are they
doing now?

 
Tony Prophet Corporate VP of education marketing, Microsoft Tony Prophet Promotes the Transformative Value of Education
The corporate vice president of education marketing at Microsoft shares his own career lessons and explains how technology is transforming classrooms around the world.
by Jen Swetzoff
Even as a child, Tony Prophet was a quick learner and a fast adapter — skills that have served him well in the corporate world of consulting, aerospace, clean energy, and technology. Before Prophet turned 13, his father’s career in the U.S. Army took their family from Oklahoma to Germany, then to Ohio, back to Oklahoma, then to Illinois, then Michigan. They finally made a home in Lansing, Mich., and remained there throughout Prophet’s middle and high school years. Prophet did well academically and was recruited to the five-year co-op program at Kettering University (which was then known as the General Motors Institute) in Flint, Mich.; he graduated with a bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering. After that, Prophet attended Stanford’s Graduate School of Business under a General Motors fellowship.
“Business school is where I was first exposed to opportunities outside the industrial world — including consulting,” Prophet said.
In 1986, he started his career in the operations practice at Booz Allen Hamilton, based in San Francisco, and was named partner after six years. Just two years after that, in 1994, he was recruited to AlliedSignal and there led a startup subsidiary — later Honeywell Power Systems. The company was focused on unlocking the potential of aerospace technologies (such as fuel cells and small gas turbine engines) for electric and hybrid electric vehicles, as well as distributed clean power generation.
“Being a leader in the foundation of the clean energy movement was a career highlight for me,” Prophet said.
In 2001, he moved to United Technologies, ultimately leading worldwide operations for the Carrier Corporation business there. Later he tackled the senior operations role at Hewlett-Packard, where he re-architected the company’s supply chain and implemented a range of social and environmental initiatives that improved the lives of workers and the quality of the environment.
Today, Prophet is the corporate vice president of education marketing at Microsoft, based in Redmond, Wash., where he lives with his wife and children. He also serves on the board of directors for Gannett and volunteers with nonprofits to motivate low-income teens to obtain a college education. During a recent wide-ranging conversation with Strategy&, Prophet discussed the cross-sector value of operational expertise, why healthcare and education equity are good for business, and the importance of doing homework.
Tell me a bit about your work at Microsoft.
There are 1.4 billion students on the planet today, and education is a clear priority for Microsoft. Every day we focus on building immersive and inclusive learning experiences to “empower every student on the planet to achieve more.” We’ve got three amazing scale platforms in Office 365, Windows 10, and our Azure Cloud — and we’re using these platforms to enable teachers and empower students around the world.
That’s no small task. What’s the most fulfilling part of your work?
It’s very exciting for me to come in to work every day and know we are truly changing lives and impacting society in the most important ways. I’m thrilled by the opportunities I’ve had to meet with students and educators, and know that we are truly making a difference. I’m super proud of the work we do!
What’s the most critical impact you see technology having on education?
Technology is the great equalizer. It’s flattening the world. If a classroom has access to the Internet and affordable devices, the information available through distance learning can bring nearly the same education opportunities to students anywhere in the world, regardless of socioeconomics or geopolitics. It is absolutely closing divides and leveling the playing field.
But there must still be significant challenges on that front.
Absolutely. Across the world, I’d say the largest obstacle is access to the Internet. Second is ensuring that societies around the world honor the basic right of all children to a quality education. That’s still not happening in many places, particularly for young women. I firmly believe that both boys and girls in every country on the planet deserve a great education. Finally, the skills required to succeed are changing quickly. The “3 Rs” (reading, writing, and ‘rithmetic) are no longer enough. Tomorrow’s career will require the “5 Cs” — creativity, collaboration, critical thinking, communication, and computational thinking. Those are the 21st-century skills.
What did you learn as a consultant that still resonates with you today?
Knowing how to collaborate and work in a team has been incredibly valuable for me. As I’ve gone to different companies throughout my career — tackling new subject matter and new roles — having the thought process, rigor, elasticity of thinking, and openness that I learned as a consultant has helped me adapt and ramp up in vastly different situations and with a great variety of people.
What was one of your career highlights at Booz Allen Hamilton?
I’m most proud of the team we built and relationships that have lasted more than a quarter century. The firm hired the most incredible people, and we had an all-star team — brilliant, dedicated, and diverse. In 1991, the work of our team was honored with the Professional Excellence Award. I’ve been so proud to watch colleagues’ careers flourish and see their broader impact over the years.
After eight years with Booz Allen Hamilton, why did you decide to move on?
About two years after I was named partner, I was presented with a high-impact strategy role at AlliedSignal. It was just a natural fit based on my interests, my skills, and the people I met. AlliedSignal was a client and had great market positions. I felt I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to work with the world-class leadership team there.
How did you transition from aerospace to technology?
Ultimately, the operations thread is what connected my career across four different industries — aerospace, power generation, air conditioning and refrigeration, and personal computers. Getting that deep, functional expertise at Booz Allen was a foundational experience that carried me through the next 30 years.
What do you consider your greatest accomplishment?
I’m proud of my work at Hewlett-Packard, where we re-architected the supply chain to improve the lives of our employees. Because things made in China were generally shipped by sea, most of the PC manufacturing industry was initially concentrated in coastal regions. Over time, that drove the industry to a migratory workforce, with workers traveling seasonally on trains between their families and our factories. It took a bold strategy to move the manufacturing of PCs for HP, or a significant part of it, into Western China where the workers were living. So many in the industry said it couldn’t be done, but that’s just what we did.
Rather than putting the people on trains, we put the PCs on the trains—working with the Chongqing government and the governments of Kazakhstan and Russia, and [the railway company] Deutsche Bahn — and together we created what’s now known as the “New” Silk Road. It’s a transcontinental railway that cut weeks of transit time off the previous trans-Siberian route. Today there are New Silk Road trains departing nearly every day from Chongqing, destined for Europe. This transformation of the industry was good for our workers, and it was good for business. It helped solve the tough issues we were facing like absenteeism, labor availability, and labor costs over the short and long terms.
Around the same time, we created the HER (Health Enables Returns) Program, which offered education and training programs for tens of thousands of young women from Mexico to China that focused on reproductive and other women’s health issues. Outside China, we worked hard to bring visibility to conflict minerals, particularly in Africa. We demanded to know where the minerals that went into our electronic devices came from and where the money was going. I’m very proud to have led and championed that effort.
How would the people closest to you describe you?
Intense, deeply curious, a champion of equity, and someone who tries to have fun along the way.
When and where are you happiest?
With my wife and children, exercising, and volunteering with young people — talking about the life-changing benefits of going to college.
Tell me more about your volunteer work.
For the past decade or so, my passion project has been trying to inspire and assist low-income teens to achieve a college education. I’ve worked a lot with two incredible organizations in California: College Track in the San Francisco Bay Area and Eastside College Preparatory School in Palo Alto.
When I speak with low-income high school students, I often say, “I am not much different from you.” I show them a picture of the humble home where we lived in rural Oklahoma. “Maybe it’s a little better, or maybe it’s a little worse than where you live, but I’m sure it’s not that much different. What did I do to get where I am today? I focused on education. That’s the secret for success: Do your homework. Turn it in on time. And if you don’t understand your homework, go see your teacher.” If kids just do those three things, our education system in the U.S. generally works. There are so many great examples, and I count myself as one. You can’t control where you start, but you alone can determine where you finish.
What motivated you as a young person?
I had great role models. My mother was a home economics teacher for decades and my father went back to school as an adult thanks to the GI Bill. Through hard work and perseverance at night school, he earned his bachelor’s and his master’s, and continued to a Ph.D. from Northwestern University. He became the superintendent of public education for Lansing, Michigan, and he later became the superintendent of public education for Portland, Oregon. I’m so proud of his accomplishments because it was far from an easy road.
Eighty years ago, my father was growing up in rural Mississippi — and for him, as a young African-American man, compulsory K–12 education didn’t exist. The core of his education included Civil War history and agriculture. His only economic opportunity was to skip school and work in the fields picking cotton. If he picked 100 pounds of cotton, he earned $1, and that was real money in the 1930s and 1940s. He was drafted to serve in the U.S. Army during the Korean conflict, and it took him 20 years to get his degrees. He focused on education. He never gave up. He went on to serve others.
What’s next for you?
I love the work I’m doing at Microsoft. It’s a truly amazing era for the company. We are doing incredible things to empower people and companies. Gannett is a terrific company, and serving on the board is a remarkable experience, seeing daily the importance and power of the First Amendment. Finally, serving young people is my deep passion. It’s an area where I can have life-changing impact, sometimes simply by sharing my own story — or, even better, my father’s.
Effective August 2016, Tony Prophet has moved on from Microsoft and now serves as the Chief Equality Officer at Salesforce.
Jen Swetzoff is a freelance writer and editor. Previously, she worked with Strategy& as the deputy managing editor at strategy+business magazine.
Disclaimer: Please note that historical references to Booz & Company and Booz Allen Hamilton are found in this article/section since the alumni featured here left the firm prior to Strategy& joining the PwC global network of firms.

More alumni












Krishan Bhatia











Nancy McKinstry











Lukas Pilat and Robert Kopka











Kyle Ewalt











Greg Baxter











Traci Entel











Thomas A. Stewart











Arie (Lev) Orlovsky











Lauren Jarvis











Karla Martin











Erwin Biebrich











Ash Notaney











Brooke Muldoon











Bill Schlough











Paul Markovich











Thomas Dittrich











Joerg Ulrich











Olivier de Cointet











Bart Sayer











Michele Anderson











Alexandra Lutz






Previous
Next








					Alumni Connections




Sign in with LinkedIn
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google


Or
You are not currently logged in.






                                user name 
                            






                                password 
                            






Note:  If you are not at your personal computer or device, don't check "Keep me logged in".




 Keep me logged in









×

Alumni Connections Login





Sign in with LinkedIn


Sign in with Facebook


Sign in with Google



Or


Sign in with your Alumni Connections account






Forgot your password?
Don’t have an account?
Employee login




Forgot your password? Don’t have an account?
Contact us Employee login



















Tony Prophet: Black Entrepreneurs, Black CEO, Black Executive, Black Billionaires, Entrepreneur Profile













menu

   



 search 





















Tony Prophet





By: BlackExecutiveProfile.com
Position: Chief Equality Officer;
Company: Salesforce.com;
Industry: Information Technology and Services;
Country: United States




Tony Prophet is Chief Equality Officer, Salesforce, effective September 26, 2016. He will be responsible for leading the company's equality initiatives, focusing on gender, LGBTQ and racial equality. He will report to Salesforce Chairman and CEO Marc Benioff.
Prior to joining Salesforce, Mr. Prophet served as Microsoft's Corporate Vice President of Education Marketing, where he defined the Microsoft Education business model, channel and market strategy. He was Co-Executive Sponsor of Blacks at Microsoft and Founding Executive of BlackLight, an organization empowering black marketers at Microsoft.
Prior to that Mr. Prophet was Senior Vice President for HP's Personal Systems Group, Worldwide Supply Chain Operations. He was also responsible for Central Direct Procurement for all of HP including memory, microprocessors, hard disk drives and software. In addition, he was responsible for the strategic alliances between PSG and its primary technology partners including Intel and Microsoft. HP's Personal Systems Group is a $42 billion annual revenue business that includes personal computers, mobile devices, technical workstations, personal storage solutions and Internet services. He was previously at United Technologies Corporation (UTC) where he held senior management positions in their Carrier Corporation and UTC Power businesses. Most recently, as Senior VP of Operations for Carrier Corporation, Mr. Prophet oversaw the company's global manufacturing, purchasing, logistic and quality activities. Before his time with UTC, Mr. Prophet worked at Honeywell International. While at Honeywell, Mr. Prophet was the founding president and CEO of Honeywell Power Systems, an energy technology start up focused on environmentally friendly products and services. In recognition of his work in the clean energy field, Mr. Prophet was elected to the National Academies of Science Board on Energy and the Environment. Prior to Honeywell, Mr. Prophet was a partner with Booz Allen and Hamilton management consultants. He was a leader in the firm's operations practice, co-founder of their Los Angeles office and earned the firm's highest honour, the Professional Excellence Award.Mr. Prophet joined General Motors (GM) right out of high school through a work/study program at the General Motors Institute (now called Kettering University), where he received his BSIE degree. After graduation, he remained with GM working at both the assembly operations in Lansing, Michigan and the GM/Toyota JV (NUMMI) in Fremont, California, holding various engineering and operations positions. 
Mr. Prophet serves on the Board of Directors of Gannett and is Chairman of the Transformation Committee.He holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from Kettering University and an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.











Latest Profiles


Maxine Williams



Born: Trinidad and Tobago;
Position: Global Director of Diversity;
Company: Facebook;
Industry: Technology, Internet;
Country: United States


Ime Archibong



Born: Kansas, United States;
Position: Director of Global Product Partnerships;
Company: Facebook;
Industry: Technology, Internet;
Country: United States


Peter Amangbo



Position: CEO;
Company: Zenith Bank PLC.;
Industry: Financial Services;
Country: Nigeria






More Profiles



Latest Articles


Russell Simmons Sells UniRush, LLC, Operating Company for RushCard and Rapid! PayCard



2017/01/30 - Green Dot Corporation (NYSE:GDOT) today announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire UniRush, LLC, and its operating businesses RushCard, a leading online direct-to-consumer general purpose reloadable...


Rosalind Brewer to Step Down as Sam's Club CEO



Rosalind Brewer, the first woman and first black person to lead a business unit of Wal-Mart, is stepping down at the end of January 2017. Her departure leaves no women or people of colour with a CEO title at...


Only 2 Black Billionaires Make 2016 Forbes 400 Richest Americans List



Forbes magazine has published is annually ranking of the 400 Richest Americans for 2016. Again only two black Americans were on the list this year, Oprah Winfrey and Robert Smith.
"The country’s 400 richest are wealthier...


Jay Z Signs Film & TV Production Deal With the Weinstein Company



Jay Z signed a two-year deal to produce TV and film projects with the The Weinstein Company.
In a statement, Jay Z said, "I’m excited to tell stories from real life prophets, whom through their struggles have...


Salesforce Names Tony Prophet as Chief Equality Officer



Proven technology industry executive and human rights advocate to lead company's equality initiatives, reporting to Chairman and CEO Marc Benioff.
























