










 







Propel (Immusoft), LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Propel(X) Advisors Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Propel (Immusoft), LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Propel(X), Inc. 818 Mission Street, Suite 200 
    San Francisco, CA, 94103Phone: 617-955-6008 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-06


New


$25,000


$25,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Propel(X) Advisors Llc 
 Executive 


 N/A Propel(X), Inc. 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Propel Baltimore Fund II, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Propel Baltimore Fund II, L.P.
List of persons related to the company Propel Baltimore Fund II, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Propel Baltimore Fund II, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001642920Company address: 5565 STERRETT PLACE  COLUMBIA 21044Phone number: 410-497-7239



People related to Propel Baltimore Fund II, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryCollege  Christopher2810 Hoffman Mill Road, Suite 2 HampsteadMDG COLLEGE  CHRISTOPHER5565 STERRETT PLACE COLUMBIAMDM SUTLEY  STUART5565 STERRETT PLACE COLUMBIAMDSutley  Stuart2810 Hoffman Mill Road, Suite 2 HampsteadMD




Propel Baltimore Fund II, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesPropel (Abtum), LLC, Propel (Amperics) LLC, Propel (Aquafresco) LLC, Propel (Axiom Exergy) LLC, Propel (C2Sense) LLC, Propel (gel-e) LLC, Propel (Immusoft), LLC, Propel (Positron Dynamics) LLC, Propel Biofuels, Inc., PROPEL GPS, LLC, Propel IP, Inc., Propel It Inc., Propel Media, Inc., Propel Venture Partners US Fund I, L.P., Propel, Inc.












 








Propel (gel-e) LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Propel (gel-e) LLC
List of persons related to the company Propel (gel-e) LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Propel (gel-e) LLC.

CIK Number: 0001703533Company address: PO BOX 171305  SALT LAKE CITY 84117Phone number: 8014190677



People related to Propel (gel-e) LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryNeilson  JeremyPO Box 171305 Salt Lake CityUTLLC  Assure Fund Management IIPO Box 171305 Salt Lake CityUTJohnson  MateoPO Box 171305 Salt Lake CityUT




Propel (gel-e) LLC on the Web
Related companiesPropel (Abtum), LLC, Propel (Amperics) LLC, Propel (Aquafresco) LLC, Propel (Axiom Exergy) LLC, Propel (C2Sense) LLC, Propel (Immusoft), LLC, Propel (Positron Dynamics) LLC, Propel Baltimore Fund II, L.P., Propel Biofuels, Inc., PROPEL GPS, LLC, Propel IP, Inc., Propel It Inc., Propel Media, Inc., Propel Venture Partners US Fund I, L.P., Propel, Inc.












 















Our Products – Propel





















































 


















Quiet Loop ®




 


Quiet Loop® was developed in close collaboration with the US Army Natick Research, Design and Engineering Center, under a US Army funded R&D contract. Natick tested the resulting Propel product and their field testing  demonstrated how quiet it is. In fact, we’ve heard audio files collected during testing and it’s amazing how much more quiet…
Read More






Ghillie Suit Yarn Accessory Kit (YAK)




 


Propel developed the Fire Resistant Ghillie Yarn Accessory Kit in response to a request from the  Program Manager for Soldier Combat and Individual Equipment (PM-SCIE), US Army, to the US textile industry for help in replacing  the highly flammable hemp/jute textile used by US Army Snipers to construct their personal camouflage system – known as…
Read More






Exoskin




 


Exoskin® is a unique polyurethane membrane with superior water-resistant and abrasion resistance properties, and  proven to withstand the equivalent of 4 years continual use in accelerated aging tests.  With up to  400% stretching capability, withstanding up to 2200kg of tensile stress per square inch, this super-stretchy material can be used for neck and wrist seals,…
Read More


 





 
 











Case Studies
 
 
 










Stitchless Seam Engineering


Seam Engineering: Stitchless Seam Technology US NAVY SBIR PHASE I&II AWARDS TOPIC No.: N122-134 PHASE II AWARD No.: N00189-15-C-Z087 This project is a technology pathway to the future of garment making – exploring the potential for new Stitchless methods to replace sewing with needle and thread. For our customer – the US Navy – the…
Read More






E-Textiles & Smart Integrated Uniform™


  Propel is engaged in multiple DOD SBIR funded efforts, and its own efforts to develop e-yarns, e-textiles and smart garments with a goal of connecting the human to the system, such as the sailor to the shipʼs system. TOPIC No.: N143-127 AWARD No.: N00189-15-P-Z579 Phase II Topic Title: Electrically Functional Garment Systems: A Smart…
Read More






WASP: Wearable Advanced Sensor Platform


Propel is a key member of the multi-company, multi-university team that has worked with Globe Manufacturing LLC, Pittsfield NH, to develop the first workplace wearable to continuously monitor a firefighterʼs physiology and indoor location. WASP collects, transmits, and displays integrated user data in real time to a command station or remote monitoring location. Knowing where…
Read More


 



 
 


 

 



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 





Immusoft | EquityNet
































































Leading Business Funding Platform.  $115+ million in funds raised by entrepreneurs in the last 12 months*













Sign Up
Log In













This is a community-generated profile. If you would like to claim this profile, contact us.









edit


cancel
save


cancel
save


Immusoft




Seattle, WA 98101, USBiotechnologyimmusoft.com



Immusoft is a Seattle-based biotechnology company that is commercializing technology to program the human immune system by modifying the DNA in immune cells. The core components of Immusofts Immune System Programming (ISP) technology were developed in the Baltimore Lab at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) and exclusively licensed by Immusoft.













Tweet


Copy URL



General Information




What is your business name?




Uploading...









Where is your business located?




Select State / Province
N/A
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon

Where is your business located?







Where is your business located?




Select Country
United States
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia And Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D’Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic Of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle Of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People’s Republic Of
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People’s Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States Of
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre And Miquelon
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province Of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis And Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe

Where is your business located?













Social Links




















Company Industry
Select Industry:

Please choose an industry.



Biotech, Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare, Medical Devices & Equipment




Biotechnology




Biotechnology – Devices & Equipment



Biotechnology – Drugs



Other Biotechnology




Healthcare




Healthcare Information Services



Healthcare Plans



Home Healthcare



Hospitals



Long-Term Care Facilities



Medical Laboratories & Research



Medical Practitioners



Specialized Health Services



Other Healthcare




Medical Devices & Equipment




Diagnostic



Imaging



Lab Instruments



Patient Monitoring



Surgical



Therapeutic



Other Medical Devices & Equipment




Pharmaceuticals




Diagnostic Substances



Drug Delivery Systems



Drug Manufacturer



Drug Related Products



Nutrition & Other Health-Related Products 



Vitamins



Other Pharmaceuticals





Business Products & Services, IT Services




Business Products & Services




Advertising



Accounting & Bookkeeping



Building Maintenance & Related Services



Collection & Credit Reporting



Education & Training Services



Legal Services



Management Consulting Services



Marketing & Public Relations Services



Miscellaneous Business Services



Photocopying & Graphic Design



Printing



Rental & Leasing Services



Research Services



Security & Protection Products & Services



Staffing & Outsourcing Services



Technical Services



Other Business Products & Services



e-Marketplace




Information Technology Services




Diversified Communication Services



Information & Delivery Services



Information Technology Services



Internet Information Providers



Internet Services



Security Services



Other Information Technology Services





Communications




Communications Equipment




Communication Processing Equipment



Fiberoptic & Photonics



Networking & Communication Devices



Satellite & Microwave Communication Equipment



Switching & Transmission Equipment



Wireless Equipment



Other Communications Equipment




Communications Services - General




Cable & Satellite Providers



Internet Service Providers



Other Communications Services




Telecommunications




Long Distance Services



Telecom Services – Domestic



Telecom Services – Foreign



Wireless Communications Services



Other Telecommunications





Computers & Control Systems, Peripherals, Robotics




Computers




Diversified Computer Systems



Personal Computers



Data Storage Devices



High Performance Computer Systems



Processing Systems & Products



Other Computer Systems & Devices




Computer & Control Systems, Robotics




Computer-Based Systems



Control Systems



Robotics




Computer Peripherals




Cards & Connectors



Monitors



PDAs



Printers



Printed Circuit Boards



Scanning Hardware



Other Computer Peripherals





Consumer Products & Services, Retailing




Consumer Products




Appliances



Auto Parts



Beverages



Business Equipment



Cleaning Products



Confectioners



Dairy Products



Farm Products



Food



Home Furnishings & Fixtures



Housewares & Accessories



Meat Products



Office Supplies



Packaging & Containers



Paper & Paper Products



Personal Products



Photographic Equipment & Supplies



Processed & Packaged Goods



Recreational Goods, Other



Recreational Vehicles



Rubber & Plastics



Sporting Goods



Textile - Apparel Clothing



Textile - Apparel Footwear & Accessories



Toys & Games



Other Consumer Products




Consumer Services




CATV Systems 



Education & Training Services



Lodging



Personal Services



Rental & Leasing Services



Resorts & Casinos



Restaurants



Security & Protection Services



Specialty Eateries



Sporting Activities



Technical Services



Wholesale, Other



Other Consumer Services




Retailing




Apparel Stores



Auto Dealerships



Auto Parts Stores



Auto Parts Wholesale



Basic Materials Wholesale



Building Materials Wholesale



Catalog & Mail Order Houses



Computers Wholesale



Department Stores



Discount, Variety Stores



Drug Stores



Drugs Wholesale



Electronics Stores



Electronics Wholesale



Food Wholesale



Grocery Stores



Home Furnishing Stores



Home Improvement Stores



Industrial Equipment Wholesale



Jewelry Stores



Medical Equipment Wholesale



Music & Video Stores



Specialty Retail, Other



Sporting Goods Stores



Toy & Hobby Stores



Other Retailing





Electronics & Instrumentation, Semiconductors, Nanotechnology




Electronics & Instrumentation




Diversified Electronics



Electronic Equipment



Electronic Test & Measure Instruments



Scientific & Technical Instruments



Other Electronics & Instrumentation




Semiconductors




Semiconductor - Broad Line



Semiconductor - Integrated Circuits



Semiconductor - Memory Chips



Semiconductor - Specialized



Semiconductor Equipment & Materials



Other Semiconductors




Nanotechnology




Nanotechnology





Energy & Utilities




Alternative & Renewable Energy




Biogas & Ethanol



Biomass



Fuel Cell



Geothermal



Hydrogen



Photovoltaic & Other Solar



Wind



Other Alternative & Renewable Energy




Oil & Gas Production & Processing




Independent Oil & Gas



Integrated Oil & Gas



Oil & Gas Drilling & Exploration



Oil & Gas Equipment & Services



Oil & Gas Pipelines



Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing



Other Oil & Gas Energy




Energy Storage & Transport Power




Energy Efficiency



Energy Conversion & Storage



Energy Transmission



Transport Power Generation



Other Energy Storage & Transport Power Generation




Electricity Generation & Utilities




Diversified Utilities



Electric Utilities



Gas Utilities



Low-Emission Electricity Generation



Water Utilities



Other Electricity Generation & Utilities





Financial Services & Real Estate




Financial Services




Accident & Health Insurance



Asset Management



Credit Services



Diversified Investments



Insurance Brokers



Investment Brokerage – National



Investment Brokerage – Regional



Life Insurance



Money Center Banks



Mortgage Investment



Property & Casualty Insurance



Regional Banks



Savings & Loans



Surety & Title Insurance



Other Financial Services




Real Estate




Property Investment & Management



REIT - Diversified



REIT - Healthcare Facilities



REIT - Hotel/Motel



REIT - Industrial



REIT - Office



REIT - Residential



REIT - Retail



Real Estate Development



Residential Construction



Other Real Estate





Industrial & Manufacturing, Materials, Chemicals




Chemicals




Agricultural Chemicals



Basic & Intermediate Chemicals



Coatings & Other Finishing Products



Diversified Chemicals



Plastics & Fibers



Paints



Specialty Chemicals



Other Chemicals




Industrial & Manufacturing




Construction Machinery



Diversified Machinery



Farm Machinery



General Contractors



Heavy Construction



Industrial Electrical Equipment



Industrial Equipment & Components



Machine Tools & Accessories



Manufactured Housing



Metal Fabrication



Pollution & Treatment Controls



Small Tools & Accessories



Textile Industrial



Waste Management



Other Industrial & Manufacturing




Materials




Aluminum



Cement



Copper



General Building Materials



Gold



Industrial Metals & Minerals



Lumber, Wood Production



Nonmetallic Mineral Mining



Silver



Steel & Iron



Synthetics



Other Materials





Media & Entertainment




Entertainment




Entertainment - Diversified



Gaming Activities (non-software)



General Entertainment



Internet Entertainment



Theaters



Other Entertainment




Media




Broadcasting Radio



Broadcasting - TV



Internet Media



Movie Production



Music Production & Publishing



Publishing - Conventional



Publishing - Electronic



Other Media





Software




Web Service Software




Consulting and Development Support Services



Database & File Management Software



Document Management Software



Educational Software



Engineering Software



Financial Software



Gaming & Entertainment Software



Internet Infrastructure Software



Manufacturing & Industrial Software



Miscellaneous Business Software



Multimedia & Graphics Software



Networking & Connectivity Software



Operating Systems, Languages, & Utility Software



Scientific & CAD/CAM Software



Security Software



Technical & System Software



Open-Source Software



Other Web Service Software




Packaged Software




Consulting and Development Support Services



Database & File Management Software



Document Management Software



Educational Software



Engineering Software



Financial Software



Gaming & Entertainment Software



Internet Infrastructure Software



Manufacturing & Industrial Software



Miscellaneous Business Software



Multimedia & Graphics Software



Networking & Connectivity Software



Operating Systems, Languages, & Utility Software



Scientific & CAD/CAM Software



Security Software



Technical & System Software



Open-Source Software



Other Packaged Software





Transportation & Distribution, Aerospace, Defense




Aerospace




Aerospace - Diversified



Aerospace Products & Services



Other Aerospace




Defense




Defense - Diversified



Defense Products & Services



Other Defense




Transportation & Distribution




Air Delivery & Freight Services



Airlines



Other Air Services



Logistics Systems & Services



Rail



Regional Airlines



Shipping



Trucking



Other Transportation & Distribution






Company Description


0 / 250

Please describe your company.



0 / 2000

Please describe your company.









edit


cancel
save


Summary






Prior Year Revenue
Current Year Revenue
Next Year Revenue




Sign up as Investor
Sign up as Investor
Sign up as Investor







Company Age
Employees
Sub-Industry




-
26
Other Biotechnology






Company Type
Stock Exchange
Stock Symbol




Privately-Held
-
-





Company Financials
Viewable by EquityNet investors only








Company Age & Size





Stock Exchange


Is this company privately-held or publicly-traded?
Privately-HeldPublicly-Traded





Select Stock Exchange
BIT - (Borsa Italiana)
CNSX - (Canadian National Stock Exchange)
CVE - (Canadian Venture Exchange)
EBR
ETA
ETR
EURONEXT
HEL
HKG
JP
KOSDAQ
LON
NYSEMKT
OTCBB
OTCMKTS
STO
TLV
TPE
TYO
VTX
NYSE - (New York Stock Exchange)
NASDAQ - (National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations)
TSE - (Japan, Tokyo Stock Exchange)
LSE - (London, United Kingdom)
NYX - (Amsterdam, Euronext)
SEHK - (Hong Kong)
SSE - (Shanghai)
TSX - (Toronto)
FWB - (Frankfurt)
ASX - (Australia)
BSE - (Bombay)
NSE - (National Stock Exchange of India)
SIX - (Swiss Exchange)
BMV - (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores)
FBOVESPA - (Brazil)
BM - (Bm&amp;fBovespa)
KRX - (Korea)
SZSE - (Shenzhen)
BME - (BME Spanish Exchange)
JSE - (South Africa - JSE Limited)
MOEX - (Moscow Exchange)
SGX - (Singapore)
TSEC - (Taiwan)












add


cancel
save


cancel
save


Management








Uploading...









Select Level
Acting/Interim
Administrative
Assistant
Associate
Chief
Consulting
Director
Executive Vice President
General
Group Leader/Lead
Managing Director
Managing/Manager
President
Senior
Senior Vice President
Vice President







Select Function
Accounting
Advisor
Business Development
Chairman
Counsel/Legal Officer
Design
Development
Engineering
Executive Officer
Finance
Financial Analyst
Financial Officer
Human Resources
Information Officer
Information Technology
Manager
Manufacturing/Production
Marketing
Marketing Officer
Media/Communication
Operating Officer
Operations
Physician/Medical Officer
Public Relations
Purchasing
Quality Assurance
Research & Development
Sales
Sales & Marketing
Science/Scientist
Software Engineer
Strategic Affairs
Strategic Planning
Technology Officer
Technology/Technologist














0 / 1000







Chief Executive Officer
Matthew Scholz 
Matthew Scholz is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Immusoft, a biotech start-up firm that is developing a breakthrough technology that will turn a patients B cells into miniature drug factories. Longer term, this technology has the potential to transform the landscape of biomedicine. With a background in computer security, Matthews initial concept for Immusofts core technology was based on using high speed cryptographic hardware to develop novel proteins to fight pathogens. In 2008, Matthew began conducting independent research in immunology and gene therapy and seeking input from some of the worlds top scientists. By 2009, he dramatically evolved the initial concept after conceiving how a research system developed by Nobel Laureate and former President of Caltech, David Baltimore, could be modified for a practical application: programming resting B cells to secrete therapeutic proteins.




Advisor
Rick Stead 
Dr. Richard Stead has more than 20 years of experience in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry directing clinical trials, in- and out- licensing efforts, as well as preclinical research and development at Amgen and Immunex. Since 2002, he has worked as an independent consultant to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies as well as investors in several therapeutic areas. He focuses on clinical and regulatory strategy for therapeutic product development as well as operational issues in executing clinical development programs.  In 1988, Dr. Stead was recruited to Amgen as its first physician. He played significant roles in the clinical development, FDA approval and commercialization of Amgen's first two products, Epogen and Neupogen. In 1999, he joined Immunex as Vice President of Clinical Research and Development with responsibilities for both pipeline and marketed products for Oncology and Neurology.




Director
Stephen Hilbert 
Steve offers a depth of experience in serving the financial needs of wealthy individuals and families.  He supports a number of the firm's Wealth Management and Business Advisory relationships, while developing new opportunities to assist business owners and high net worth individuals in achieving their life's goals.  Steve also serves a pivotal role in a number of the firm's strategic endeavors, including marketing, messaging, process and client service culture. Steve has more than 11 years of experience in the wealth management business, having served as Vice President within Private Wealth Management at J.P. Morgan Chase.  While in this role he led customer segmentation analyses, developed non-profit marketing campaigns, and implemented cross-referral strategies within various lines of business. Steve also served as Vice President and Financial Consultant for Charles Schwab & Co, where he was a lead consultant during his entire tenure.




Director
Jane Yoo 
Dr. Yoo graduated from Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, MO. She completed her internship in Internal Medicine, Postdoctoral fellowship in Immunology, and Residency in Dermatology at the University of Washington. Dr. Yoo is currently a principal investigator at a multidisciplinary research hub of the University of Washington, where her research focuses on aspects of innate and adaptive immunity.




Advisor
Iqbal Grewal 





Director
Douglas Sanders 
Advisory Board at Immusoft




Director
Randall Schatzman 
He is President and CEO of Alder Biopharmaceuticals.





Charlie Liu 
Mr. Liu has more than ten years of research experience in cell culture, immunology, and molecular biology. His previous work focused on HIV vaccine design, and development of transgenic mice with chimeric T cell receptors. Before that, he conducted extensive research into the genetic variation in wild-type HSV2 and its implications for immune escape and vaccine design.




Director
John Z Hall 
Director of Operations at Immusoft





Eric Herbig 
Dr. Eric Herbig holds a Ph.D. in molecular biology as well as an M.B.A. from the University of Washington. His research has covered a wide breadth of topics and approaches, focusing on the development of technology platforms, addressing unmet needs. Dr. Herbigs rich experience with protein biochemistry, genetics, and cellular biology, provides a well-rounded perspective from which to guide the development and implementation of ISP technologies. Dr. Herbig has been with Immusoft since late 2009 and continues to improve the ISP platform by pioneering new innovations in B cell manipulation and gene delivery. 





Mei Zu 
Dr. Xu has a broad academic and research background in medicine, epidemiology, statistics and molecular and cellular biology. She has specific training and expertise performing a wide range of biological assays and research. At Immusoft she oversees the daily execution of most cell culture duties, performs data analysis and provides guidance into experimental design.




Advisor
Shelly Heimfeld 





Advisor
Francois Loic Cosset 





Advisor
Xim M. Luo 





Advisor
Cliona Rooney 





Advisor
Hans Peter Kiem 





Director
Mark Ahn 





Director
Alan Leong 
Advisory Board at Immusoft




Director
Joe Belanoff 
Advisory Board at Immusoft




Director
Perry Fell 
Advisory Board at Immusoft




Director
Richard Chin 
Advisory Board at Immusoft




Director
Donna Matuizek 
Advisory Board at Immusoft




Director
Daniel F. Hoth 
Advisory Board at Immusoft




Director
Allene Dodge 
Advisory Board at Immusoft













ENTREPRENEURS - CREATE YOUR PROFILE 
INVESTORS - REQUEST PLAN/DOCUMENTS 
INVESTORS - SEND MESSAGE 










edit


cancel
save


Funding









0%



Funding GoalSign up as Investor


Funding Raised So Far$350,000


Funding CommitmentsSign up as Investor


Funding RemainingSign up as Investor


Funding TypeEquity


Pre-Money Valuation Sign up as Investor


Investor Ownership Sign up as Investor


Interest / Dividend Sign up as Investor


Previous Funding Sign up as Investor



General Funding















Select Funding Type
Equity
Convertible Debt
Debt Financing
Grant
Royalty








 Show your General Funding information publicly


                                            Showing your General Funding information publicly may constitute general solicitation. General solicitation is a new commonly-used way for companies to raise funding. To learn about general solicitation, consult your legal counsel. If you uncheck this box, your General Funding information will be viewable to only EquityNet investors.
                                        




Private Funding
Viewable by EquityNet investors only
















add


cancel
save


cancel
save


Media


Video
















Images




Uploading...

















add


cancel
save


cancel
save


Documents



Complete a Business Plan in EquityNet

Your EquityNet business plan is only viewable to capital providers and business supporters that you choose to share with in the “Crowdfund” or “Messages” tab. Investors prefer an EquityNet business plan. Entering a plan is highly educational and improves your appeal to investors.



edit
view plan
view analysis



Upload Documents

Document file names will be viewable by EquityNet investors and business supporters only. Actual documents are only viewable to capital providers and business supporters that you choose to share with in the “Crowdfund” or “Messages” tab.





Uploading...








Sign up as Investor














add


cancel
save


News / Links

















Immusoft Receives up to $350K Grant

















Share Your Public Profile Page

Users who follow all these tips increase their fundraising odds substantially. 

Email your public page to all your LinkedIn contacts.
                            
Post your page to your LinkedIn profile page.


Email your public page to all your Facebook contacts.
                            
Post your page to your Facebook profile page.


Email your public page to all your Twitter contacts.
                            
Post your page to your Twitter profile page.


Put your public page up on your website.
                            
Don't have a website yet? Use this page as your site!


Share your page link anywhere there's a listing for your company.
                            
Press Releases, Crunchbase, Wikipedia, Blogs, etc...


Email your public page to all your email contacts.
                            
Use Outlook, Gmail, Yahoo Mail, Hotmail, etc...



Your Public Profile Page:
Would you like to share your public profile page with your email contacts?

CONTINUE



















"EquityNet has helped businesses raise $200 million from private investors"
"EquityNet is the only patented crowdfunding platform in the world"
"Where to find funding for your Business"
"EquityNet is addressing 90 percent of the business community that was previously starved for capital"






















































Gene therapy biotech startup Immusoft acquires Discovery Genomics – GeekWire























































 

























Toggle search box



Toggle navigation












Search for:










LATEST
POPULAR




 
6 little words: Elon Musk targets November for Falcon Heavy rocket’s maiden launch

 
Redfin prices IPO at $15 per share, higher than expected, in advance of Wall Street debut

  
Got eclipse glasses? Here’s how to get ’em

 
There are now 1,000 bike-share bicycles in Seattle as LimeBike officially launches service

 
‘Ain’t nobody gonna trust it:’ What truck drivers think about sharing the road with self-driving vehicles

 
Working Geek: Why Remitly Product Chief Karim Meghji has different workspaces for different tasks

 
Expedia beats analyst expectations, reports $2.6B in Q2 revenue buoyed by HomeAway and Hotels.com

 
Mobile payments now account for 30% of Starbucks transactions as company posts $5.7B in revenue

 
Amazon adds another 31K employees, bringing global headcount to 382K

 
Another strong quarter for AWS: 42 percent jump in revenue to $4.1B

 
Amazon misses big on quarterly profits even as sales jump 25% to $38B

  
Was that rain in Seattle? Don’t get all misty eyed, but it looks like the ‘dry’ streak is alive

 
We went to The League’s exclusive launch party: Here’s what singles say about Seattle’s dating scene

 
Report: Oregon researchers use CRISPR to edit genes in human embryos

 
We rode along with Seattle PD to see how cops are busting drivers violating new distracted driving law

 
Amazon becoming a full-fledged film studio, will self-distribute Woody Allen’s ‘Wonder Wheel’

 
Expedia investing $350M in Indonesian travel site Traveloka

 
Czech student team wins 2017 Microsoft Imagine Cup with innovative approach to manage diabetes

 
VICIS inks deal with Oakley to create advanced eye shield for high-tech football helmet

 
Video: This basketball legend loves Redfin





 
Convoy raises $62M from Bill Gates and other luminaries to transform trucking industry with technology
  
Microsoft unveils Azure Container Instances, joins Cloud Native group, isolating AWS on Kubernetes
  
Amazon hiring another 50K fulfillment employees, holds new ‘Jobs Day’ events at warehouses
  
Testing the new breed of bike sharing: We pitted Spin vs. LimeBike on the streets of Seattle
  
Single in Seattle? The League brings its exclusive ‘dating app for power couples’ to the Northwest
  
Seattle tech investor’s message to the elite: Fighting Trump means forking over some wealth and paying workers fair wages
  
We rode along with Seattle PD to see how cops are busting drivers violating new distracted driving law
  
Health Tech Podcast: How one woman built her own artificial pancreas and started a DIY movement
  
Trump launches another Twitter tirade against Amazon and Bezos-owned Washington Post
  
Giant Chewbacca, Harry Potter, Batgirl and more Funko figurines added to new HQ building
  
‘Fifth Element’ squared: 5 cool ideas from the sci-fi visuals of ‘Valerian’
  
A secret Amazon team is reportedly working on disruptive healthcare tech
  
Look out, Bay Area: Seattle rises to 2nd best tech city in the U.S., passing Washington D.C.
  
Leadership lessons from Pete Carroll: Develop a personal philosophy, and preach it to your team
  
How T-Mobile is using containers in production to increase uptime and save money
  
In updated IPO filing, Redfin says its co-founder is threatening patent suit
  
Pay attention: Here’s what you need to know about Washington state’s strict new distracted-driving law
  
Amazon is already selling pre-packaged ‘Meal Kits’ as it bites into service from Blue Apron and others
  
Seattle home prices rise at more than twice national average, as U.S. tech hubs see biggest gains
  
Convoy founders cautious about self-driving trucks after raising $62M; many regulatory and logistical hurdles to overcome
 




Trending: We rode along with Seattle PD to see how cops are busting drivers violating new distracted driving law 





Gene therapy biotech startup Immusoft acquires Discovery Genomics
by Taylor Soper on March 8, 2016 at 10:11 amMarch 8, 2016 at 10:30 am


















 Comments  
 Share
 Tweet
 Share  44
 Reddit
 Email




GeekWire Summit: Early-bird tickets here!





 
Immusoft CEO Matthew Scholz.

Immusoft, a Seattle-based biotech startup that has developed a way to manipulate human immune cells, today announced the acquisition of Discovery Genomics, a 16-year-old company based in Minneapolis, Minn.
Immusoft CEO Matthew Scholz said that his company acquired Discovery Genomics to gain its scientific expertise and key technology called the Sleeping Beauty Transposon System, which is used to deliver genes into cells to prevent or alleviate a disease state, all without using a virus.

“Our two companies share a culture of innovation and a desire to change the way many diseases can be treated,” Scholz said in a statement. “It is my hope and expectation that combining our expertise and technology will help us in this pursuit.”
Immusoft will use Discovery Genomics’ innovations to compliment its own technology, which essentially re-programs a patient’s B cells — the ones that make disease-fighting antibodies — and then manipulates the genetic code so the cells can be put back into the body and attack diseases like HIV.
“Basically, we turn patient cells into drug factories,” Scholz told GeekWire in 2014. “Instead of making treatments and injecting them, we take the cell out, program them to make treatment, and put them back into your own body.”
Scholz founded Immusoft in 2009 and has raised nearly $6 million from angel investors, grants, and other organizations for the company, which employs five. Immusoft has several treatments in its pipeline, but all are still in developmental phase.
Discovery Genomics’ three employees will remain in Minneapolis. 







GeekWire Newsletters

Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline




Email address

Subscribe







GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily
                                    




GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday
                                    




GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly
                                    




GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor
                                    




GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes
                                    




GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly
                                    




GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday
                                    




GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers
                                    







Send Us a Tip
Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know.

Send Us a Tip






See MoreGeekWire Events 
 
 




Related Stories
 


 
Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos invest in Grail, Illumina’s $100M cancer testing venture




 


 
Institute for Systems Biology joins Providence; Biotech pioneer Leroy Hood named health system’s chief science officer




 


 
Stratos Product Development closes abruptly; clients included Microsoft, Apple and other big names




 


 
Chinese genomics giant BGI announces new Seattle office







Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline




Email address

Subscribe







GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily
                




GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday
                




GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly
                




GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor
                




GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes
                




GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly
                




GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday
                




GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers
                







Comments












Most Popular on GeekWire


Convoy raises $62M from Bill Gates and other luminaries to transform trucking industry with technologyMicrosoft unveils Azure Container Instances, joins Cloud Native group, isolating AWS on KubernetesAmazon hiring another 50K fulfillment employees, holds new ‘Jobs Day’ events at warehousesTesting the new breed of bike sharing: We pitted Spin vs. LimeBike on the streets of Seattle 






Job Listings on GeekWork




Marketing ManagerAnswerDashPrincipal Data Science EngineerRedfinSoftware Development Manager – BackendOfferUp 





Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUpSenior Software DeveloperRedfinSenior Backend Javascript EngineerAvalara 



Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here.





























 

















Home | Propel Marketing























































Menu























 





PROPEL ACQUIRES
MOTTIS 

Acquisition adds capacity, capabilities within account service, branding and design. 

LEARN MORE 







WE ARE YOUR
SUPERPOWER 

Need a little something extra to nail your marketing and achieve your business goals? We might be it. 

LEARN MORE 







OUTSOURCE YOUR
MARKETING 

Skip all the mess of hiring staff. Let us be your marketing department. 

LEARN MORE 



 










What we do:

At Propel, we make sure your marketing is running smoothly, and all in the same direction: toward results. We give you the something extra you’ve been looking for to make your organization stand out. Because sometimes it takes superpowers to get the job done.

THOUGHT LEADERSHIP
BRANDING
MARKETING OUTSOURCING



















Content Development
Some marketing agencies will give you nothing but fluff. Not us. We know that in today’s world, you need substance and style...

















Media Relations
We’ll identify target media, including bloggers and other influencers in your space, provide media training for your executives, schedule...

















Advertising
Advertising is not just reaching mass amounts of people. It’s matching the right messaging to the right platform to engage your audience...

















Event Management
There’s nothing like an event to drum up buzz for your company, product or latest offering, but the logistics can paralyze a marketing department...

















Interactive Design
Design gets a lot of attention because, let’s face it, we all want stuff to look good. But we want design to be smart. It should...

















Social Media
Social media has fundamentally changed the way customers interact with brands. The right comment or reply can expand your audience...









Latest Blog:
Propel Acquires MottisMay 5, 2017Propel Marketing Group Acquires Mottis RALEIGH, N.C. – May 5, 2017 – Propel Marketing Group (Propel) announced today that it…LEARN MOREFeatured Client:
ArtsplosureBranding Artsplosure is a Raleigh nonprofit that brings art experiences to the public in fun, fresh and unforgettable ways. When Propel engaged with Artsplosure, the organization was well known and…LEARN MOREMeet the Team
Since you may not know us all, every few weeks we’ll introduce you to another member of our team. Next Up: Brian Kelly.
LEARN MORE Want To Work With Us?
Whether you’re a Fortune 500 company looking to expand your marketing efforts or a startup in need of a brand, we can help.
GET IN TOUCH 








Copyright 2017 Propel Marketing Group | All rights reserved | 1111 Hayes Street Suite 107 | Raleigh, NC 27604










 
















Products | Propel Aviation Sales & Services, LLC.










































 





















 


Cart:$0.00Hide Cart Contact Us
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Downloads
 
 

Aviat Husky
Seeker Aircraft
Available Aircraft
Aircraft Services

Aircraft Maintenance
Aircraft Service Portfolio
Cessna Service Bulletins
Cessna Informational Videos


Parts & Support

Parts & Support
Continental Engines


Pilot Shop
Newsroom

News & Notes
Upcoming Events


About Us
 Menu 







 



 
 
 




 

Propel Pilot Shop


 
			Aeronautical Charts (11) 


 
			Apparel (18) 


 
			Books, Videos, & Software (14) 


 
			Cockpit Necessities (9) 


 
			Electronics (13) 


 
			Gifts/Novelties (34) 


 
			Pilot Accessories (29) 


 
			Training Aids (22) 







Propel Pilot Shop
 

News & Notes









                Propel Aviation is now an Authorized Service Facility fo...                    
        Feb 21, 2017 | 0 comments  
 
 









                Propel Aviation Sales & Services attends U.S. Sport...                    
        Feb 3, 2017 | 0 comments  
 
 
  Service Bulletins




                June 2015 Newsletter                    
        May 26, 2015 | 0 comments  
 
 




                February 2015 Newsletter                    
        Feb 4, 2015 | 0 comments  
 
 
  


 
 

 
 
 
 






          
	Contact us	 

Phone: (305) 255-5077
Address: 14300 SW 129th St. 
Miami, FL 
Kendall-Tamiami Airport (KTMB)
 
 
  News & Notes









                Propel Aviation is now an Authorized Service Facility fo...                    
        Feb 21, 2017 | 0 comments  
 
 









                Propel Aviation Sales & Services attends U.S. Sport...                    
        Feb 3, 2017 | 0 comments  
 
 
  Upcoming Events




                April 21-26, 2015 –  Sun ‘n Fun Fly-In and E...                    
        Apr 21, 2014 | 0 comments  
 
 
  Projects Portfolio









                Propel Aviation Outfits Cessna T206H for Mt. Elgon Orcha...                    
        Jun 13, 2016 | Comments Off on Propel Aviation Outfits Cessna T206H for Mt. Elgon Orchards – Kenya  
 
 









                Propel visits St. Barth’s Commuter to install APE ...                    
        Oct 13, 2015 | 0 comments  
 
 
  
 
 


 
 


Premium Wordpress Themes by UFO Themes








 
 


 
 






































