


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Leveraged & Inverse ETFs | Alternative Mutual Funds | Direxion



























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 












Worriers WelcomeInverse and LeveragedInverse ETFs


 




QQQEDirexion Nasdaq-100 Equal Weighted Index Shares
 
☆☆☆☆☆Overall Morningstar Rating™out of 1,277 Large Growth Funds as of 6/30/2017†








TMFTMV
Direxion Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull and Bear 3X Shares






GASLGASX
Direxion Daily Natural Gas Related Bull and Bear 3X Shares






CHAD
Direxion Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X Shares






SPXLSPXS
Direxion Daily S&P 500 Bull and Bear 3X Shares






FASFAZ
Direxion Daily Financial Bull and Bear 3X Shares






TECLTECS
Direxion Daily Technology Bull and Bear 3X Shares










LABU
LABDDaily S&P Biotech Bull & Bear 3X Shares






CHAUDaily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2x Shares  CHADDaily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1x Shares 
    





JNUG
 JDSTDaily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull and Bear 3x Shares


 





Direxion Launches 3X Leveraged ETF on EURO STOXX 50 Index
The Direxion Daily EURO STOXX 50® Bull 3X Shares (Ticker: EUXL) seeks to achieve 300% of the daily performance of the EURO STOXX 50® Index. The index covers 50 blue-chip stocks from 11 Eurozone countries. Read the press release.








        News Announcements, Press, and Highlights


Direxion Launches 3X Leveraged ETF on EURO STOXX 50 Index Introducing the Direxion Daily EURO STOXX 50® Bull 3X Shares (Ticker: EUXL). Read Press Release

Recent ETF Distributions & Schedule Direxion will pay income distributions on certain ETFs according to the following schedule.Read More
 





        Connect E-newsletters and social media

 
The Xchange | For traders of leveraged and inverse ETFs
By The Numbers | Weekly news and numbers
Receive Alerts | Be informed of updates, events, more
e-Delivery | Email delivery of prospectus, annual reports


 




        Our Approach A Tradition of Innovation Continues

 Direxion’s index-based products deliver directional options, magnified exposure, and long-term, rules-based strategies. Founded in 1997, the company has approximately $12.1 billion in assets under management as of June 30, 2017. Our diverse suite of products helps investors navigate today’s ever-changing markets. More

 

 














Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















ETF & Mutual Fund Investment Tools | Direxion



























 


















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 










    Tools You Can Use  


Direxion provides a suite of tools that can be highly beneficial when implementing tactical investment strategies. These tools can be applied to strategies that are both specific and non-specific to Direxion.


Mutual Fund Tools


  Exposure Level Tools    


The following tools help determine a Monthly Leveraged Index Fund's estimated exposure level for the day on which it is purchased using data feeds which provide real time values. 
 

ETF Tools


  Premium/Discount Tool    


The Premium/Discount Tool illustrates the daily difference (premium or discount) between the market closing price and calculated net asset value per share of Direxion ETFs.
 














ProShares ETFs: Products



















 





This report is intended for general information and should not be used to solicit prospective investors. For more complete information please review the prospectus.


The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the fund. Market price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. ET (when NAV is normally determined for most funds) and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For standardized returns and performance data current to the most recent month end, see Performance.
Shares of these funds are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.

Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. ProShares ETFs are generally non-diversified and each entails certain risks, which may include risks associated with the use of derivatives (swap agreements, futures contracts and similar instruments), imperfect benchmark correlation, leverage and market price variance, all of which can increase volatility and decrease performance. Short ProShares should lose money when their benchmarks or indexes rise. Please see their summary and full prospectuses for a more complete description of risks.

There is no guarantee any ProShares ETF will achieve its investment objective.
Carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of ProShares before investing. This and other information can be found in their summary and full prospectuses.  Read them carefully before investing. Separate ProShares Trust II prospectuses available for VIX Futures, Commodity, and Currency ProShares.


"QQQ,®" "NASDAQ-100®" and "NASDAQ Biotechnology Index®" are trademarks of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. 

"Standard & Poor's,®" "S&P,®" "S&P 500,®" "S&P MidCap 400,®" "S&P SmallCap 600,®" "Standard & Poor's 500,®" "S&P 500® VIX® Short-Term Futures IndexTM", "S&P 500® VIX® Mid-Term Futures IndexTM", "S&P Merger Arbitrage," "S&P 500® Dividend Aristocrats®," "S&P Strategic Futures Index," "S&P 400 MidCap® Dividend Aristocrats,®" certain "S&P Select Industry Indices," 

"S&P 500 Ex-Energy Index," "S&P 500 Ex-Financials Index," "S&P 500 Ex-Health Care Index," "S&P 500 Ex-Information Technology & Telecommunication Services Index," 

"Dow Jones Index," "DJ," "Dow Jones Industrial Average,SM" "The Dow 30,SM" "Dow Jones U.S. Sector Indexes," "Dow Jones Select Sector Indexes," and "Dow Jones Brookfield Global Infrastructure Composite Index" are products of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates. 

The "Russell 2000® Index," "Russell 2000® Dividend Growth Index" and "Russell®" are trademarks of Russell Investment Group. 

"MSCI," "MSCI Inc.," "MSCI Index" and "EAFE" are service marks of MSCI. 

"Bloomberg®" and the names identifying each of the individual Bloomberg Commodity Subindexes are trademarks or service marks of Bloomberg Finance L.P. and its affiliates (collectively, "Bloomberg"). "Barclays" and "Barclays Inc." are trademarks of Barclays Inc. 

The "ICE U.S. Treasury 20+ Year Bond Index", "ICE U.S. Treasury 7-10 Year Bond Index", and  "ICE U.S. Treasury 3-7 Year Bond Index" are trademarks of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. ("ICE"). 

"iBoxx®" is a registered trademark of Markit Indices Limited. 

"Credit Suisse" and "Credit Suisse 130/30 Large Cap Index™" are trademarks of Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC or one of its affiliates. 

"Research Affiliates Fundamental Index®" and "RAFI®" are trademarks of Research Affiliates, LLC. 

"Merrill Lynch Factor Model®" Exchange Series," "Merrill Lynch Factor Model,®" and "Merrill Lynch International™" are intellectual property of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith IncorporatedTM or its affiliates ("BofAML"). 

"Solactive®" is a trademark of Solactive AG. 

"CITI" is a trademark and service mark of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, and is used and registered throughout the world. 

"LPX® Direct Listed Private Equity Index" and "LPX®" are registered trademarks of LPX GmbH. 

"Deutsche Bank" and "DBIQ Short Duration Emerging Market Bond IndexSM" are service marks of Deutsche Bank AG. 

"Morningstar® Diversified Alternatives IndexSM" is a product of Morningstar, Inc. 

The "NYSE Arca Gold Miners IndexSM" is a service mark of NYSE or its affiliates. The "MVIS™ Global Junior Gold Miners Index" is the exclusive property of Market Vectors Index Solutions GmbH. 

"FTSE Developed Europe 100% Hedged to USD Index," "FTSE Japan 100% Hedged to USD Index," "FTSE Developed Europe All Cap Index" and "FTSE RAFI US 1000 Long/Short Total Return Index" are trademarks of the FTSE International Limited ("FTSE"). 

All have been licensed for use by ProShares. 

"VIX®" is a trademark of the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ("CBOE") and CBOE has agreed that S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC may use the "VIX®" trademark in the names of the Indexes as licensed to ProShares. 

"S&P®" is a registered trademark of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P") and "Dow Jones®" is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones") and have been licensed for use by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates. 

"FTSE®" is a trademark of the London Stock Exchange Group and The Financial Times Limited and is used by FTSE International Limited ("FTSE") under license. 

ProShares have not been passed on by these entities or their subsidiaries or affiliates as to their legality or suitability. ProShares are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by these entities or their subsidiaries or affiliates, and they make no representation regarding the advisability of investing in ProShares. THESE ENTITIES AND THEIR SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTIES AND BEAR NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO PROSHARES.


The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the fund. Market price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. ET (when NAV is normally determined for most funds) and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For standardized returns and performance data current to the most recent month end, see Performance.
Shares of these funds are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.

Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. ProShares ETFs are generally non-diversified and each entails certain risks, which may include risks associated with the use of derivatives (swap agreements, futures contracts and similar instruments), imperfect benchmark correlation, leverage and market price variance, all of which can increase volatility and decrease performance. Short ProShares should lose money when their benchmarks or indexes rise. Please see their summary and full prospectuses for a more complete description of risks.

There is no guarantee any ProShares ETF will achieve its investment objective.
Carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of ProShares before investing. This and other information can be found in their summary and full prospectuses.  Read them carefully before investing. Separate ProShares Trust II prospectuses available for VIX Futures, Commodity, and Currency ProShares.


Registered Investment Companies are required by the IRS to distribute substantially all of their income and capital gains to shareholders at least annually. For specific tax advice, we recommend you speak with a qualified tax professional. 
The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the fund. Market price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. ET (when NAV is normally determined for most funds) and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For standardized returns and performance data current to the most recent month end, see Performance.
There is no guarantee that distributions will not be made in the future. There is no guarantee that dividends or interest income will be paid.
Carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of ProShares before investing. This and other information can be found in their summary and full prospectuses.  Read them carefully before investing. Separate ProShares Trust II prospectuses available for VIX Futures, Commodity, and Currency ProShares.





* Before fees and expenses.
** This fund is not an investment company regulated under  the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is not afforded its protections.  This fund generates a K-1 tax  form. Investing in this ETF involves substantial risk, including loss of principal. This ETF may not be suitable for all investors.
‡ The fund is actively managed. The indexes shown for FUT and WYDE are reference benchmarks. Click on the fund name or ticker links above for more information.



* Before fees and expenses.
** This fund is not an investment company regulated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is not afforded its protections. This fund generates a K-1 tax form. Investing in this ETF involves substantial risk, including loss of principal. This ETF may not be suitable for all investors.
† Since inception returns are cumulative for funds less than one year old; otherwise, returns are annualized. Market returns are based on the composite closing price and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. The listing date is typically one or more days after the fund inception date. Therefore, NAV is used to calculate market returns prior to the listing date.
‡ The fund is actively managed. The indexes shown for FUT and WYDE are reference benchmarks. Click on the fund name or ticker links above for more information.
1The expense ratio for certain funds includes a contractual fee waiver that results in a lower net expense ratio for some or all periods shown. For information about a specific ETF’s fee waiver, please view its product page by clicking on the fund name or ticker above.
2 Expense ratio does not include brokerage commissions and related fees paid by the fund.
3 Futures brokerage commissions are currently paid by the sponsor.
4 May include significant acquired fund fees and expenses incurred indirectly through the fund's ownership of shares in other investment companies, such as business development companies. These fees are not direct costs paid by shareholders or used to calculate net asset value. See the prospectus for more information.



** This fund is not an investment company regulated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is not afforded its protections. This fund generates a K-1 tax form. Investing in this ETF involves substantial risk, including loss of principal. This ETF may not be suitable for all investors.
‡ The fund is actively managed. The indexes shown for FUT and WYDE are reference benchmarks. Click on the fund name or ticker links above for more information.



** This fund is not an investment company regulated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is not afforded its protections. This fund generates a K-1 tax form. Investing in this ETF involves substantial risk, including loss of principal. This ETF may not be suitable for all investors.
For XBRL filings, see the XBRL Files and Fund Reports.
‡ The fund is actively managed. The indexes shown for FUT and WYDE are reference benchmarks. Click on the fund name or ticker links above for more information.








ProShares

About Us
Institutional
Contact Us
Careers
ProFunds.com











Products



Print Page
Share Page










A WIDE ARRAY OF ETFs TO CHOOSE FROM
ProShares has been at the forefront of the ETF revolution since 2006. ProShares now offers one of the largest lineups of ETFs, with more than $27 billion in assets. The company is the leader in strategies such as dividend growth, alternative and geared (leveraged and inverse). ProShares continues to innovate with products that provide strategic and tactical opportunities for investors to manage risk and enhance returns.

Open Product Filter (sort by ETF type or asset class)





Results appear below.


Geared (Short or Ultra) ProShares ETFs seek returns that are either 3x, 2x, -1x, -2x or -3x the return of an index or other benchmark (target)  for a single day, as measured from one NAV calculation to the next. Due to the compounding of daily returns, Geared ProShares' returns over periods other than one day will likely differ in amount and possibly direction from the target return for the same period. These effects may be more pronounced in funds with larger or inverse multiples and in funds with volatile benchmarks. Investors should monitor their Geared ProShares holdings consistent with their strategies, as frequently as daily. For more on correlation, leverage and other risks, please read the prospectus.





Product List
Performance and Pricing FAQs
ETF Pricing Glossary
Finding Intraday Values (IOPVs/IIVs)
Premium/Discount Tool
All Performance Data
Next Income Distribution
FAQs on ProShares Distributions




































ProShares ETFs: Short S&P500 - Overview



















ProShares

About Us
Institutional
Contact Us
Careers
ProFunds.com













Short S&P500




Print Page
Share Page









ProShares Short S&P500 seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to the inverse (-1x) of the daily performance of the S&P 500®.
This Short ProShares ETF seeks a return that is -1x the return of an index or other benchmark (target) 
for a single day, as measured from one NAV calculation to the next. Due to the compounding of daily returns, ProShares' returns over periods other than one day will likely differ in amount and possibly direction from the target return for the same period. These effects may be more pronounced in funds with larger or inverse multiples and in funds with volatile benchmarks. Investors should monitor their holdings consistent with their strategies, as frequently as daily. For more on correlation, leverage and other risks, please read the prospectus.



Considerations for Geared Investing – Learn More




Fact Sheet
Prospectus
Premium/Discount Analysis Tool
NAV History
Register for Updates





OVERVIEW
PERFORMANCE & QUOTE
DAILY HOLDINGS
DISTRIBUTIONS
INDEX/BENCHMARK
RELATED MATERIALS




Fund Snapshot


Ticker
SH


Intraday Ticker
SH.IV


CUSIP
74347B425


Inception Date
6/19/06


Expense Ratio *

                0.89%
                
		    


NAV Calculation Time

				4:00 
                p.m.
                ET
		


Distributions
Quarterly


* With Contractual Waiver ending 9/30/17.


Price Information as of  7/21/17 



           NAV
       
$32.82


NAV Change

                   $0.01
       


Market Price Closing

               $32.82
       


Market Price Closing Change

                   $0.01
       


Daily Trading Volume

               1,675,416
       
















Click to see historical NAVs, NAV change (%, $), and shares outstanding.






SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that facilitates fairer comparisons of funds. The figure reflects dividends and interest earned by the securities held by the fund during the most recent 30-day period, net the fund's expenses.







Unsubsidized SEC 30-Day Yield shows what the SEC 30-Day Yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
		






Duration is a measurement of how long, in years, it takes for the price of a bond to be repaid by its internal cash flows. Modified duration accounts for changing interest rates. It measures the sensitivity of the value of a bond (or bond portfolio) to a change in interest rates. Higher duration means greater sensitivity.







		The weighted average maturity (WAM) of a portfolio is the average time, in years, it takes for the bonds in a bond fund or portfolio to mature. WAM is calculated by weighting each bond's time to maturity by the size of the holding. Portfolios with longer WAMs are generally more sensitive to changes in interest rates.
	    







Yield to maturity (YTM) is the annual rate of return paid on a bond if it is held until the maturity date. Weighted average yield to maturity represents an average of the YTM of each of the bonds held in a bond fund or portfolio, weighted by the relative size of each bond in the portfolio.
	    







		A coupon is the interest rate paid out on a bond on an annual basis. The weighted average coupon of a bond fund is arrived at by weighting the coupon of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio.
	    







Weighted average price (WAP)  is computed for most bond funds by weighting the price of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio. This statistic is expressed as a percentage of par (face) value. The price shown here is "clean," meaning it does not reflect accrued interest. 
	    







Monthly volatility refers to annualized standard deviation, a statistical measure that captures the variation of returns from their mean and that is often used to quantify the risk of a fund or index over a specific time period. The higher the volatility, the more the returns fluctuate over time.
	    







Absolute return strategies seek to provide positive returns in a wide variety of market conditions. These strategies employ investment techniques that go beyond conventional long-only investing, including leverage, short selling, futures, options, etc.
			







Arbitrage refers to the simultaneous purchase and sale of an asset in order to profit from a difference in the price of identical or similar financial instruments, on different markets or in different forms. For example, convertible arbitrage looks for price differences among linked securities, like stocks and convertible bonds of the same company. Merger arbitrage involves investing in securities of companies that are the subject of some form of corporate transaction, including acquisition or merger proposals and leveraged buyouts.
			







Commodity refers to a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other goods of the same type. Examples include oil, grain and livestock.
			







Correlation is a statistical measure of how two variables relate to each other. Two different investments with a correlation of 1.0 will move in exact lockstep, investments with a correlation of zero will not move at all in relation to each other, while investments with a correlation of -1.0 will move in opposite directions. The higher the correlation, the lower the diversifying effect.
			







Currency refers to a generally accepted medium of exchange, such as the dollar, the euro, the yen, the Swiss franc, etc.
			







Market neutral is a strategy that involves attempting to remove all directional market risk by being equally long and short.
			







Futures refers to a financial contract obligating the buyer to purchase an asset (or the seller to sell an asset), such as a physical commodity or a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price.
			







Global macro strategies aim to profit from changes in global economies that are typically brought about by shifts in government policy, which impact interest rates and in turn affect currency, bond and stock markets.
			







Hedge funds invest in a diverse range of markets and securities, using a wide variety of techniques and strategies, all intended to reduce risk while focusing on absolute rather than relative returns.
			







Leverage refers to using borrowed funds to make an investment. Investors use leverage when they believe the return of an investment will exceed the cost of borrowed funds. Leverage can increase the potential for higher returns, but can also increase the risk of loss.
			







Long/short strategies involve using a combination of long and short positions in securities with the objective of reducing market risk and enhancing return. 
			







Managed futures involves taking long and short positions in futures and options in the global commodity, interest rate, equity, and currency markets.
			







Precious metals refer to gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
			







Private equity consists of equity securities in operating companies that are not publicly traded on a stock exchange.
			







Real estate refers to land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure.
			







Short selling or "shorting" involves selling an asset before it's bought. Typically, an investor borrows shares, immediately sells them, and later buys them back to return to the lender.
			







Volatility is the relative rate at which the price of a security (or benchmark) moves up and down. Volatility is also an asset class that can be traded in the futures markets. Tradable volatility is based on implied volatility, which is a measure of what the market expects the volatility of a security's price to be in the future.
			







Geared investing refers to leveraged or inverse investing. 
                  • Leveraged investments provide magnified exposure to an asset or benchmark. 
                  • Inverse investments provide inverse exposure to an asset or benchmark.
			






CSM rated 5 stars for the 3-year period ending March 31, 2013 among 99 U.S. long/short equity funds. © 2013 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. The Morningstar Ratingâ¢ is provided for those ETFs with at least a 3-year history. Ratings are based on the ETF's Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure which accounts for variation in monthly performance. The fund's performance and rating are calculated based on net asset value (NAV), not market price. An ETF's risk-adjusted return includes a brokerage commission estimate. This estimate is intended to reflect what an average investor would pay when buying or selling an ETF. This estimate is subject to change, and the actual commission an investor pays may be higher or lower. Morningstar compares each ETF's risk-adjusted return to the open-end mutual fund rating breakpoints for that category. The top 10% of ETFs in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The overall rating for an ETF is based on a weighted average of the time-period ratings (e.g., the ETF's 3-year rating). The determination of an ETF's rating does not affect the retail open-end mutual fund data published by Morningstar. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Duration to Worst (expressed in years) is the approximate amount by which a bond's price changes given a 1% change in its yield, calculated using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows investors to more fairly compare funds.








30-Day SEC Yield is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds. The figure is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price. 








30-Day SEC Yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price, and is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield (unsubsidized) is what the SEC 30-day yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
			







Current yield is equal to a bond's annual interest payment divided by its current market price. The current yield only refers to the yield of the bond at the current moment, not the total return over the life of the bond.
			







Dividend yield shows how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. In the absence of any capital gains, the dividend yield is the return on investment for a stock.
			







Effective duration is a measure of a fund's sensitivity to interest rate changes, reflecting the likely change in bond prices given a small change in yields. Higher duration generally means greater sensitivity. Effective duration for this fund is calculated including both the long bond positions and the short Treasury futures positions.

			







Distribution Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last income distribution.
			







12-Month Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last twelve months of income distributions.
			







Trailing price to earnings ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective earnings of its component stocks for the most recent 12-month period.
			







Price to book ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective book values of its component stocks.
			







Weighted average market cap is the average market value of a fund or index, weighted for the market capitalization (price times shares outstanding) of each component. In such a weighting scheme, larger market cap companies carry greater weight than smaller market cap companies.
			







				Sometimes distributions are re-characterized for tax purposes after they've been declared. Here, a previous dividend has been re-characterized as a Return of Capital ("ROC"). An ROC is a distribution to investors that returns some or all of their capital investment, thus reducing the value of their investment. In an efficient market, the investment's price will fall by an amount approximately equal to the ROC. In general, investors are not taxed on an ROC unless it begins to exceed their original investment value.
			







				This is the dollar amount of your initial investment in the fund.
			







				This is the percentage change in the index or benchmark since your initial investment. Enter a positive or negative number.
			







				This is the dollar value that your account should be after you rebalance.
			







				This is the dollar amount you have invested in your fund.
			







			Credit default swap (CDS) spread reflects the annualized amount (espressed in basis points) that a CDS protection buyer will pay to a protection seller. Higher CDS spreads indicate that the CDS market views the entity as having a higher risk of loss. The weighted average CDS spread in a portfolio is the sum of CDS spreads of each contract in the portfolio multiplied by their relative weights.







Spread duration is a measure of a fund's approximate mark-to-market price sensitivity to small changes in CDS spreads. Higher spread duration reflects greater sensitivity.







			Shareholder Supplemental Tax Information







The S&P 500 is a measure of large-cap U.S. stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted, market capitalization-weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and real estate investment trusts selected through a process that factors in criteria such as liquidity, price, market capitalization and financial viability.







Infrastructure refers to companies that actually own and operate the transportation, communications, energy and water assets that provide essential services to our society.






















ProShares ETFs: S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats ETF - Overview


 
























ProShares

About Us
Institutional
Contact Us
Careers
ProFunds.com













S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats ETF




Print Page
Share Page









ProShares S&P 500® Dividend Aristocrats ETF seeks investment results, before fees and expenses, that track the performance of the S&P 500® Dividend Aristocrats® Index.

The only ETF that focuses exclusively on companies in the S&P 500 that have grown dividends for at least 25 consecutive years.††
NOBL's index, the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats, has outperformed the S&P 500 with lower volatility since its inception.¶
NOBL is part of the largest suite of ETFs focused on dividend growers, covering U.S. and international markets.



Learn more about the S&P 500's strongest dividend growers.
Watch "Dividend Aristocrats During Peaks and Valleys."
Read "Dividend Investing with All-Weather Potential."







Profile
Fact Sheet
Performance Review
Prospectus
Premium/Discount Analysis Tool
NAV History
Register for Updates





OVERVIEW
PERFORMANCE & QUOTE
DAILY HOLDINGS
DISTRIBUTIONS
INDEX/BENCHMARK
RELATED MATERIALS




Fund Snapshot


Ticker
NOBL


Intraday Ticker
NOBL.IV


CUSIP
74348A467


Inception Date
10/9/13


Expense Ratio 

                0.35%
                
		    


NAV Calculation Time

				4:00 
                p.m.
                ET
		


Distributions
Quarterly


Top Fund Sectors as of 7/21/17
Show All


Consumer Staples
24.26%


Industrials
17.82%


Health Care
15.03%


Consumer Discretionary
11.33%


Financials
10.49%


Materials
9.86%


Energy
3.74%


Utilities
1.99%


Information Technology
1.93%


Real Estate
1.81%


Telecommunication Services
1.73%




Fund Characteristics as of 6/30/17 


Number of Companies
51


Price/Earnings Ratio
21.18


Price/Book Ratio
3.86


Distribution Yield
1.49%


Weighted Average Market Cap

                $70.79 billion
          




SEC 30-Day Yield

2.03%



Index Fundamentals as of 6/30/17

Index Dividend Yield (%)
2.44


Price Information as of  7/21/17 



           NAV
       
$58.31


NAV Change

                   $0.23
       


Market Price Closing

               $58.30
       


Market Price Closing Change

                   $0.19
       


Daily Trading Volume

               143,508
       











†† Required years would drop to 20 if needed in order to have at least 40 companies or to meet index sector diversification rules.  Additional companies are added in order of decreasing yield until requirements are met. Special dividend payments are not taken into consideration.  There is no guarantee that dividends will be paid.  Companies may reduce or eliminate dividends at any time, and those that do will be dropped from the index at reconstitution each January.
¶ Bloomberg. The total return of the index has been higher than the S&P 500 since the index's inception on May 2, 2005. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.





Click to see historical NAVs, NAV change (%, $), and shares outstanding.






SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that facilitates fairer comparisons of funds. The figure reflects dividends and interest earned by the securities held by the fund during the most recent 30-day period, net the fund's expenses.







Unsubsidized SEC 30-Day Yield shows what the SEC 30-Day Yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
		






Duration is a measurement of how long, in years, it takes for the price of a bond to be repaid by its internal cash flows. Modified duration accounts for changing interest rates. It measures the sensitivity of the value of a bond (or bond portfolio) to a change in interest rates. Higher duration means greater sensitivity.







		The weighted average maturity (WAM) of a portfolio is the average time, in years, it takes for the bonds in a bond fund or portfolio to mature. WAM is calculated by weighting each bond's time to maturity by the size of the holding. Portfolios with longer WAMs are generally more sensitive to changes in interest rates.
	    







Yield to maturity (YTM) is the annual rate of return paid on a bond if it is held until the maturity date. Weighted average yield to maturity represents an average of the YTM of each of the bonds held in a bond fund or portfolio, weighted by the relative size of each bond in the portfolio.
	    







		A coupon is the interest rate paid out on a bond on an annual basis. The weighted average coupon of a bond fund is arrived at by weighting the coupon of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio.
	    







Weighted average price (WAP)  is computed for most bond funds by weighting the price of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio. This statistic is expressed as a percentage of par (face) value. The price shown here is "clean," meaning it does not reflect accrued interest. 
	    







Monthly volatility refers to annualized standard deviation, a statistical measure that captures the variation of returns from their mean and that is often used to quantify the risk of a fund or index over a specific time period. The higher the volatility, the more the returns fluctuate over time.
	    







Absolute return strategies seek to provide positive returns in a wide variety of market conditions. These strategies employ investment techniques that go beyond conventional long-only investing, including leverage, short selling, futures, options, etc.
			







Arbitrage refers to the simultaneous purchase and sale of an asset in order to profit from a difference in the price of identical or similar financial instruments, on different markets or in different forms. For example, convertible arbitrage looks for price differences among linked securities, like stocks and convertible bonds of the same company. Merger arbitrage involves investing in securities of companies that are the subject of some form of corporate transaction, including acquisition or merger proposals and leveraged buyouts.
			







Commodity refers to a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other goods of the same type. Examples include oil, grain and livestock.
			







Correlation is a statistical measure of how two variables relate to each other. Two different investments with a correlation of 1.0 will move in exact lockstep, investments with a correlation of zero will not move at all in relation to each other, while investments with a correlation of -1.0 will move in opposite directions. The higher the correlation, the lower the diversifying effect.
			







Currency refers to a generally accepted medium of exchange, such as the dollar, the euro, the yen, the Swiss franc, etc.
			







Market neutral is a strategy that involves attempting to remove all directional market risk by being equally long and short.
			







Futures refers to a financial contract obligating the buyer to purchase an asset (or the seller to sell an asset), such as a physical commodity or a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price.
			







Global macro strategies aim to profit from changes in global economies that are typically brought about by shifts in government policy, which impact interest rates and in turn affect currency, bond and stock markets.
			







Hedge funds invest in a diverse range of markets and securities, using a wide variety of techniques and strategies, all intended to reduce risk while focusing on absolute rather than relative returns.
			







Leverage refers to using borrowed funds to make an investment. Investors use leverage when they believe the return of an investment will exceed the cost of borrowed funds. Leverage can increase the potential for higher returns, but can also increase the risk of loss.
			







Long/short strategies involve using a combination of long and short positions in securities with the objective of reducing market risk and enhancing return. 
			







Managed futures involves taking long and short positions in futures and options in the global commodity, interest rate, equity, and currency markets.
			







Precious metals refer to gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
			







Private equity consists of equity securities in operating companies that are not publicly traded on a stock exchange.
			







Real estate refers to land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure.
			







Short selling or "shorting" involves selling an asset before it's bought. Typically, an investor borrows shares, immediately sells them, and later buys them back to return to the lender.
			







Volatility is the relative rate at which the price of a security (or benchmark) moves up and down. Volatility is also an asset class that can be traded in the futures markets. Tradable volatility is based on implied volatility, which is a measure of what the market expects the volatility of a security's price to be in the future.
			







Geared investing refers to leveraged or inverse investing. 
                  • Leveraged investments provide magnified exposure to an asset or benchmark. 
                  • Inverse investments provide inverse exposure to an asset or benchmark.
			






CSM rated 5 stars for the 3-year period ending March 31, 2013 among 99 U.S. long/short equity funds. © 2013 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. The Morningstar Ratingâ¢ is provided for those ETFs with at least a 3-year history. Ratings are based on the ETF's Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure which accounts for variation in monthly performance. The fund's performance and rating are calculated based on net asset value (NAV), not market price. An ETF's risk-adjusted return includes a brokerage commission estimate. This estimate is intended to reflect what an average investor would pay when buying or selling an ETF. This estimate is subject to change, and the actual commission an investor pays may be higher or lower. Morningstar compares each ETF's risk-adjusted return to the open-end mutual fund rating breakpoints for that category. The top 10% of ETFs in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The overall rating for an ETF is based on a weighted average of the time-period ratings (e.g., the ETF's 3-year rating). The determination of an ETF's rating does not affect the retail open-end mutual fund data published by Morningstar. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Duration to Worst (expressed in years) is the approximate amount by which a bond's price changes given a 1% change in its yield, calculated using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows investors to more fairly compare funds.








30-Day SEC Yield is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds. The figure is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price. 








30-Day SEC Yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price, and is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield (unsubsidized) is what the SEC 30-day yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
			







Current yield is equal to a bond's annual interest payment divided by its current market price. The current yield only refers to the yield of the bond at the current moment, not the total return over the life of the bond.
			







Dividend yield shows how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. In the absence of any capital gains, the dividend yield is the return on investment for a stock.
			







Effective duration is a measure of a fund's sensitivity to interest rate changes, reflecting the likely change in bond prices given a small change in yields. Higher duration generally means greater sensitivity. Effective duration for this fund is calculated including both the long bond positions and the short Treasury futures positions.

			







Distribution Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last income distribution.
			







12-Month Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last twelve months of income distributions.
			







Trailing price to earnings ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective earnings of its component stocks for the most recent 12-month period.
			







Price to book ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective book values of its component stocks.
			







Weighted average market cap is the average market value of a fund or index, weighted for the market capitalization (price times shares outstanding) of each component. In such a weighting scheme, larger market cap companies carry greater weight than smaller market cap companies.
			







				Sometimes distributions are re-characterized for tax purposes after they've been declared. Here, a previous dividend has been re-characterized as a Return of Capital ("ROC"). An ROC is a distribution to investors that returns some or all of their capital investment, thus reducing the value of their investment. In an efficient market, the investment's price will fall by an amount approximately equal to the ROC. In general, investors are not taxed on an ROC unless it begins to exceed their original investment value.
			







				This is the dollar amount of your initial investment in the fund.
			







				This is the percentage change in the index or benchmark since your initial investment. Enter a positive or negative number.
			







				This is the dollar value that your account should be after you rebalance.
			







				This is the dollar amount you have invested in your fund.
			







			Credit default swap (CDS) spread reflects the annualized amount (espressed in basis points) that a CDS protection buyer will pay to a protection seller. Higher CDS spreads indicate that the CDS market views the entity as having a higher risk of loss. The weighted average CDS spread in a portfolio is the sum of CDS spreads of each contract in the portfolio multiplied by their relative weights.







Spread duration is a measure of a fund's approximate mark-to-market price sensitivity to small changes in CDS spreads. Higher spread duration reflects greater sensitivity.







			Shareholder Supplemental Tax Information







The S&P 500 is a measure of large-cap U.S. stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted, market capitalization-weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and real estate investment trusts selected through a process that factors in criteria such as liquidity, price, market capitalization and financial viability.







Infrastructure refers to companies that actually own and operate the transportation, communications, energy and water assets that provide essential services to our society.






















ProShares ETFs: Short QQQ - Overview



















ProShares

About Us
Institutional
Contact Us
Careers
ProFunds.com













Short QQQ




Print Page
Share Page









ProShares Short QQQ seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to the inverse (-1x) of the daily performance of the NASDAQ-100 Index®.
This Short ProShares ETF seeks a return that is -1x the return of an index or other benchmark (target) 
for a single day, as measured from one NAV calculation to the next. Due to the compounding of daily returns, ProShares' returns over periods other than one day will likely differ in amount and possibly direction from the target return for the same period. These effects may be more pronounced in funds with larger or inverse multiples and in funds with volatile benchmarks. Investors should monitor their holdings consistent with their strategies, as frequently as daily. For more on correlation, leverage and other risks, please read the prospectus.



Considerations for Geared Investing – Learn More




Fact Sheet
Prospectus
Premium/Discount Analysis Tool
NAV History
Register for Updates





OVERVIEW
PERFORMANCE & QUOTE
DAILY HOLDINGS
DISTRIBUTIONS
INDEX/BENCHMARK
RELATED MATERIALS




Fund Snapshot


Ticker
PSQ


Intraday Ticker
PSQ.IV


CUSIP
74347B714


Inception Date
6/19/06


Expense Ratio *

                0.95%
                
		    


NAV Calculation Time

				4:00 
                p.m.
                ET
		


Distributions
Quarterly


* With Contractual Waiver ending 9/30/17.


Price Information as of  7/21/17 



           NAV
       
$38.58


NAV Change

                   $0.00
       


Market Price Closing

               $38.58
       


Market Price Closing Change


                       -$0.01
                   



Daily Trading Volume

               283,224
       
















Click to see historical NAVs, NAV change (%, $), and shares outstanding.






SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that facilitates fairer comparisons of funds. The figure reflects dividends and interest earned by the securities held by the fund during the most recent 30-day period, net the fund's expenses.







Unsubsidized SEC 30-Day Yield shows what the SEC 30-Day Yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
		






Duration is a measurement of how long, in years, it takes for the price of a bond to be repaid by its internal cash flows. Modified duration accounts for changing interest rates. It measures the sensitivity of the value of a bond (or bond portfolio) to a change in interest rates. Higher duration means greater sensitivity.







		The weighted average maturity (WAM) of a portfolio is the average time, in years, it takes for the bonds in a bond fund or portfolio to mature. WAM is calculated by weighting each bond's time to maturity by the size of the holding. Portfolios with longer WAMs are generally more sensitive to changes in interest rates.
	    







Yield to maturity (YTM) is the annual rate of return paid on a bond if it is held until the maturity date. Weighted average yield to maturity represents an average of the YTM of each of the bonds held in a bond fund or portfolio, weighted by the relative size of each bond in the portfolio.
	    







		A coupon is the interest rate paid out on a bond on an annual basis. The weighted average coupon of a bond fund is arrived at by weighting the coupon of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio.
	    







Weighted average price (WAP)  is computed for most bond funds by weighting the price of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio. This statistic is expressed as a percentage of par (face) value. The price shown here is "clean," meaning it does not reflect accrued interest. 
	    







Monthly volatility refers to annualized standard deviation, a statistical measure that captures the variation of returns from their mean and that is often used to quantify the risk of a fund or index over a specific time period. The higher the volatility, the more the returns fluctuate over time.
	    







Absolute return strategies seek to provide positive returns in a wide variety of market conditions. These strategies employ investment techniques that go beyond conventional long-only investing, including leverage, short selling, futures, options, etc.
			







Arbitrage refers to the simultaneous purchase and sale of an asset in order to profit from a difference in the price of identical or similar financial instruments, on different markets or in different forms. For example, convertible arbitrage looks for price differences among linked securities, like stocks and convertible bonds of the same company. Merger arbitrage involves investing in securities of companies that are the subject of some form of corporate transaction, including acquisition or merger proposals and leveraged buyouts.
			







Commodity refers to a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other goods of the same type. Examples include oil, grain and livestock.
			







Correlation is a statistical measure of how two variables relate to each other. Two different investments with a correlation of 1.0 will move in exact lockstep, investments with a correlation of zero will not move at all in relation to each other, while investments with a correlation of -1.0 will move in opposite directions. The higher the correlation, the lower the diversifying effect.
			







Currency refers to a generally accepted medium of exchange, such as the dollar, the euro, the yen, the Swiss franc, etc.
			







Market neutral is a strategy that involves attempting to remove all directional market risk by being equally long and short.
			







Futures refers to a financial contract obligating the buyer to purchase an asset (or the seller to sell an asset), such as a physical commodity or a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price.
			







Global macro strategies aim to profit from changes in global economies that are typically brought about by shifts in government policy, which impact interest rates and in turn affect currency, bond and stock markets.
			







Hedge funds invest in a diverse range of markets and securities, using a wide variety of techniques and strategies, all intended to reduce risk while focusing on absolute rather than relative returns.
			







Leverage refers to using borrowed funds to make an investment. Investors use leverage when they believe the return of an investment will exceed the cost of borrowed funds. Leverage can increase the potential for higher returns, but can also increase the risk of loss.
			







Long/short strategies involve using a combination of long and short positions in securities with the objective of reducing market risk and enhancing return. 
			







Managed futures involves taking long and short positions in futures and options in the global commodity, interest rate, equity, and currency markets.
			







Precious metals refer to gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
			







Private equity consists of equity securities in operating companies that are not publicly traded on a stock exchange.
			







Real estate refers to land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure.
			







Short selling or "shorting" involves selling an asset before it's bought. Typically, an investor borrows shares, immediately sells them, and later buys them back to return to the lender.
			







Volatility is the relative rate at which the price of a security (or benchmark) moves up and down. Volatility is also an asset class that can be traded in the futures markets. Tradable volatility is based on implied volatility, which is a measure of what the market expects the volatility of a security's price to be in the future.
			







Geared investing refers to leveraged or inverse investing. 
                  • Leveraged investments provide magnified exposure to an asset or benchmark. 
                  • Inverse investments provide inverse exposure to an asset or benchmark.
			






CSM rated 5 stars for the 3-year period ending March 31, 2013 among 99 U.S. long/short equity funds. © 2013 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. The Morningstar Ratingâ¢ is provided for those ETFs with at least a 3-year history. Ratings are based on the ETF's Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure which accounts for variation in monthly performance. The fund's performance and rating are calculated based on net asset value (NAV), not market price. An ETF's risk-adjusted return includes a brokerage commission estimate. This estimate is intended to reflect what an average investor would pay when buying or selling an ETF. This estimate is subject to change, and the actual commission an investor pays may be higher or lower. Morningstar compares each ETF's risk-adjusted return to the open-end mutual fund rating breakpoints for that category. The top 10% of ETFs in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The overall rating for an ETF is based on a weighted average of the time-period ratings (e.g., the ETF's 3-year rating). The determination of an ETF's rating does not affect the retail open-end mutual fund data published by Morningstar. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Duration to Worst (expressed in years) is the approximate amount by which a bond's price changes given a 1% change in its yield, calculated using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows investors to more fairly compare funds.








30-Day SEC Yield is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds. The figure is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price. 








30-Day SEC Yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price, and is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield (unsubsidized) is what the SEC 30-day yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
			







Current yield is equal to a bond's annual interest payment divided by its current market price. The current yield only refers to the yield of the bond at the current moment, not the total return over the life of the bond.
			







Dividend yield shows how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. In the absence of any capital gains, the dividend yield is the return on investment for a stock.
			







Effective duration is a measure of a fund's sensitivity to interest rate changes, reflecting the likely change in bond prices given a small change in yields. Higher duration generally means greater sensitivity. Effective duration for this fund is calculated including both the long bond positions and the short Treasury futures positions.

			







Distribution Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last income distribution.
			







12-Month Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last twelve months of income distributions.
			







Trailing price to earnings ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective earnings of its component stocks for the most recent 12-month period.
			







Price to book ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective book values of its component stocks.
			







Weighted average market cap is the average market value of a fund or index, weighted for the market capitalization (price times shares outstanding) of each component. In such a weighting scheme, larger market cap companies carry greater weight than smaller market cap companies.
			







				Sometimes distributions are re-characterized for tax purposes after they've been declared. Here, a previous dividend has been re-characterized as a Return of Capital ("ROC"). An ROC is a distribution to investors that returns some or all of their capital investment, thus reducing the value of their investment. In an efficient market, the investment's price will fall by an amount approximately equal to the ROC. In general, investors are not taxed on an ROC unless it begins to exceed their original investment value.
			







				This is the dollar amount of your initial investment in the fund.
			







				This is the percentage change in the index or benchmark since your initial investment. Enter a positive or negative number.
			







				This is the dollar value that your account should be after you rebalance.
			







				This is the dollar amount you have invested in your fund.
			







			Credit default swap (CDS) spread reflects the annualized amount (espressed in basis points) that a CDS protection buyer will pay to a protection seller. Higher CDS spreads indicate that the CDS market views the entity as having a higher risk of loss. The weighted average CDS spread in a portfolio is the sum of CDS spreads of each contract in the portfolio multiplied by their relative weights.







Spread duration is a measure of a fund's approximate mark-to-market price sensitivity to small changes in CDS spreads. Higher spread duration reflects greater sensitivity.







			Shareholder Supplemental Tax Information







The S&P 500 is a measure of large-cap U.S. stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted, market capitalization-weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and real estate investment trusts selected through a process that factors in criteria such as liquidity, price, market capitalization and financial viability.







Infrastructure refers to companies that actually own and operate the transportation, communications, energy and water assets that provide essential services to our society.






















ProShares ETFs: UltraPro S&P500 - Overview


 


















ProShares

About Us
Institutional
Contact Us
Careers
ProFunds.com













UltraPro S&P500




Print Page
Share Page









ProShares UltraPro S&P500 seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, that correspond to three times (3x) the daily performance of the S&P 500®.
This Ultra ProShares ETF seeks a return that is 3x the return of an index or other benchmark (target) for a single day, as measured from one NAV calculation to the next. Due to the compounding of daily returns, ProShares' returns over periods other than one day will likely differ in amount and possibly direction from the target return for the same period. These effects may be more pronounced in funds with larger or inverse multiples and in funds with volatile benchmarks. Investors should monitor their holdings consistent with their strategies, as frequently as daily. For more on correlation, leverage and other risks, please read the prospectus.



Read more about ProShares UltraPro and UltraPro Short ETFs.
Learn more about considerations for geared investing.




Fact Sheet
Prospectus
Premium/Discount Analysis Tool
NAV History
Register for Updates





OVERVIEW
PERFORMANCE & QUOTE
DAILY HOLDINGS
DISTRIBUTIONS
INDEX/BENCHMARK
RELATED MATERIALS




Fund Snapshot


Ticker
UPRO


Intraday Ticker
UPRO.IV


CUSIP
74347X864


Inception Date
6/23/09


Expense Ratio *

                0.94%
                
		    


NAV Calculation Time

				4:00 
                p.m.
                ET
		


Distributions
Quarterly


* With Contractual Waiver ending 9/30/17.


Price Information as of  7/21/17 



           NAV
       
$110.25


NAV Change

-$0.14



Market Price Closing

               $110.26
       


Market Price Closing Change


                       -$0.22
                   



Daily Trading Volume

               1,212,218
       
















Click to see historical NAVs, NAV change (%, $), and shares outstanding.






SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that facilitates fairer comparisons of funds. The figure reflects dividends and interest earned by the securities held by the fund during the most recent 30-day period, net the fund's expenses.







Unsubsidized SEC 30-Day Yield shows what the SEC 30-Day Yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
		






Duration is a measurement of how long, in years, it takes for the price of a bond to be repaid by its internal cash flows. Modified duration accounts for changing interest rates. It measures the sensitivity of the value of a bond (or bond portfolio) to a change in interest rates. Higher duration means greater sensitivity.







		The weighted average maturity (WAM) of a portfolio is the average time, in years, it takes for the bonds in a bond fund or portfolio to mature. WAM is calculated by weighting each bond's time to maturity by the size of the holding. Portfolios with longer WAMs are generally more sensitive to changes in interest rates.
	    







Yield to maturity (YTM) is the annual rate of return paid on a bond if it is held until the maturity date. Weighted average yield to maturity represents an average of the YTM of each of the bonds held in a bond fund or portfolio, weighted by the relative size of each bond in the portfolio.
	    







		A coupon is the interest rate paid out on a bond on an annual basis. The weighted average coupon of a bond fund is arrived at by weighting the coupon of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio.
	    







Weighted average price (WAP)  is computed for most bond funds by weighting the price of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio. This statistic is expressed as a percentage of par (face) value. The price shown here is "clean," meaning it does not reflect accrued interest. 
	    







Monthly volatility refers to annualized standard deviation, a statistical measure that captures the variation of returns from their mean and that is often used to quantify the risk of a fund or index over a specific time period. The higher the volatility, the more the returns fluctuate over time.
	    







Absolute return strategies seek to provide positive returns in a wide variety of market conditions. These strategies employ investment techniques that go beyond conventional long-only investing, including leverage, short selling, futures, options, etc.
			







Arbitrage refers to the simultaneous purchase and sale of an asset in order to profit from a difference in the price of identical or similar financial instruments, on different markets or in different forms. For example, convertible arbitrage looks for price differences among linked securities, like stocks and convertible bonds of the same company. Merger arbitrage involves investing in securities of companies that are the subject of some form of corporate transaction, including acquisition or merger proposals and leveraged buyouts.
			







Commodity refers to a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other goods of the same type. Examples include oil, grain and livestock.
			







Correlation is a statistical measure of how two variables relate to each other. Two different investments with a correlation of 1.0 will move in exact lockstep, investments with a correlation of zero will not move at all in relation to each other, while investments with a correlation of -1.0 will move in opposite directions. The higher the correlation, the lower the diversifying effect.
			







Currency refers to a generally accepted medium of exchange, such as the dollar, the euro, the yen, the Swiss franc, etc.
			







Market neutral is a strategy that involves attempting to remove all directional market risk by being equally long and short.
			







Futures refers to a financial contract obligating the buyer to purchase an asset (or the seller to sell an asset), such as a physical commodity or a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price.
			







Global macro strategies aim to profit from changes in global economies that are typically brought about by shifts in government policy, which impact interest rates and in turn affect currency, bond and stock markets.
			







Hedge funds invest in a diverse range of markets and securities, using a wide variety of techniques and strategies, all intended to reduce risk while focusing on absolute rather than relative returns.
			







Leverage refers to using borrowed funds to make an investment. Investors use leverage when they believe the return of an investment will exceed the cost of borrowed funds. Leverage can increase the potential for higher returns, but can also increase the risk of loss.
			







Long/short strategies involve using a combination of long and short positions in securities with the objective of reducing market risk and enhancing return. 
			







Managed futures involves taking long and short positions in futures and options in the global commodity, interest rate, equity, and currency markets.
			







Precious metals refer to gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
			







Private equity consists of equity securities in operating companies that are not publicly traded on a stock exchange.
			







Real estate refers to land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure.
			







Short selling or "shorting" involves selling an asset before it's bought. Typically, an investor borrows shares, immediately sells them, and later buys them back to return to the lender.
			







Volatility is the relative rate at which the price of a security (or benchmark) moves up and down. Volatility is also an asset class that can be traded in the futures markets. Tradable volatility is based on implied volatility, which is a measure of what the market expects the volatility of a security's price to be in the future.
			







Geared investing refers to leveraged or inverse investing. 
                  • Leveraged investments provide magnified exposure to an asset or benchmark. 
                  • Inverse investments provide inverse exposure to an asset or benchmark.
			






CSM rated 5 stars for the 3-year period ending March 31, 2013 among 99 U.S. long/short equity funds. © 2013 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. The Morningstar Ratingâ¢ is provided for those ETFs with at least a 3-year history. Ratings are based on the ETF's Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure which accounts for variation in monthly performance. The fund's performance and rating are calculated based on net asset value (NAV), not market price. An ETF's risk-adjusted return includes a brokerage commission estimate. This estimate is intended to reflect what an average investor would pay when buying or selling an ETF. This estimate is subject to change, and the actual commission an investor pays may be higher or lower. Morningstar compares each ETF's risk-adjusted return to the open-end mutual fund rating breakpoints for that category. The top 10% of ETFs in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The overall rating for an ETF is based on a weighted average of the time-period ratings (e.g., the ETF's 3-year rating). The determination of an ETF's rating does not affect the retail open-end mutual fund data published by Morningstar. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Duration to Worst (expressed in years) is the approximate amount by which a bond's price changes given a 1% change in its yield, calculated using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows investors to more fairly compare funds.








30-Day SEC Yield is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds. The figure is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price. 








30-Day SEC Yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price, and is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds.
			







SEC 30-Day Yield (unsubsidized) is what the SEC 30-day yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
			







Current yield is equal to a bond's annual interest payment divided by its current market price. The current yield only refers to the yield of the bond at the current moment, not the total return over the life of the bond.
			







Dividend yield shows how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. In the absence of any capital gains, the dividend yield is the return on investment for a stock.
			







Effective duration is a measure of a fund's sensitivity to interest rate changes, reflecting the likely change in bond prices given a small change in yields. Higher duration generally means greater sensitivity. Effective duration for this fund is calculated including both the long bond positions and the short Treasury futures positions.

			







Distribution Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last income distribution.
			







12-Month Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last twelve months of income distributions.
			







Trailing price to earnings ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective earnings of its component stocks for the most recent 12-month period.
			







Price to book ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective book values of its component stocks.
			







Weighted average market cap is the average market value of a fund or index, weighted for the market capitalization (price times shares outstanding) of each component. In such a weighting scheme, larger market cap companies carry greater weight than smaller market cap companies.
			







				Sometimes distributions are re-characterized for tax purposes after they've been declared. Here, a previous dividend has been re-characterized as a Return of Capital ("ROC"). An ROC is a distribution to investors that returns some or all of their capital investment, thus reducing the value of their investment. In an efficient market, the investment's price will fall by an amount approximately equal to the ROC. In general, investors are not taxed on an ROC unless it begins to exceed their original investment value.
			







				This is the dollar amount of your initial investment in the fund.
			







				This is the percentage change in the index or benchmark since your initial investment. Enter a positive or negative number.
			







				This is the dollar value that your account should be after you rebalance.
			







				This is the dollar amount you have invested in your fund.
			







			Credit default swap (CDS) spread reflects the annualized amount (espressed in basis points) that a CDS protection buyer will pay to a protection seller. Higher CDS spreads indicate that the CDS market views the entity as having a higher risk of loss. The weighted average CDS spread in a portfolio is the sum of CDS spreads of each contract in the portfolio multiplied by their relative weights.







Spread duration is a measure of a fund's approximate mark-to-market price sensitivity to small changes in CDS spreads. Higher spread duration reflects greater sensitivity.







			Shareholder Supplemental Tax Information







The S&P 500 is a measure of large-cap U.S. stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted, market capitalization-weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and real estate investment trusts selected through a process that factors in criteria such as liquidity, price, market capitalization and financial viability.







Infrastructure refers to companies that actually own and operate the transportation, communications, energy and water assets that provide essential services to our society.
















ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































ProShares Trust Company Profile (NYSEARCA:TBX)










Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX)
 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Finance
Industry: Exchange Traded Fund
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NYSEARCA:TBX
CUSIP: N/A
Web: N/A

Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $28.11200 Day Moving Avg: $28.5252 Week Range: $27.13 - $29.45


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AP/E Growth: 0.00


Misc:Average Volume: 7,727 shs.

 

Frequently Asked Questions for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX)
What is ProShares Trust's stock symbol?

ProShares Trust trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)ARCA under the ticker symbol "TBX."



Who are some of ProShares Trust's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to ProShares Trust include Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-A), Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B), Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A), J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM), Wells Fargo & Company (WFC), Bank of America Corporation (BAC), HSBC Holdings PLC (HSBC), Citigroup (C), Royal Bank Of Canada (RY), Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN), Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD), Allianz SE (AZSEY), China Life Insurance Company Limited (LFC), U.S. Bancorp (USB), Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS), Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MTU), Morgan Stanley (MS) and Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK).



How do I buy ProShares Trust stock? 

Shares of ProShares Trust can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is ProShares Trust's stock price today?

One share of ProShares Trust stock can currently be purchased for approximately $28.02.


MarketBeat Community Rating for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA TBX)Community Ranking:  2.5 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  6 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  6 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  12MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about ProShares Trust and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX)No earnings announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX)


Latest Headlines for ProShares Trust (NYSEARCA:TBX)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineProShares Leveraged and Inverse Treasury ETFs Change Benchmarkfinance.yahoo.com - December 20 at 8:02 PM


Social


                    Social activity is not available for this stock.
                

Chart



This page was last updated on 7/22/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff



















































Bibey Post | 														







 













 





















































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News








Latest Headlines





$0.28 EPS Expected for International Seaways (INSW); 1 Analysts Are Bullish SciQuest, Inc. (SQI) Last Week
Vivian Currie
Analysts expect International Seaways Inc (NYSE:INSW) to report $0.28 EPS on August, 9.INSW’s profit would be $8.23 million giving it 20.29 P/E if the $0.28 EPS is correct. After having $0.62 EPS previously, (more…)




Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (AOSL) Analysts See $0.16 EPS; Udr (UDR)’s Sentiment Is 1.04
Michael Collier
Analysts expect Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (NASDAQ:AOSL) to report $0.16 EPS on August, 9.They anticipate $0.07 EPS change or 77.78% from last quarter’s $0.09 EPS. AOSL’s profit would be $3.84 (more…)


EPS for Xenia Hotels & Resorts (XHR) Expected At $0.52; Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Has 1.18 Sentiment
Vivian Park
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. is engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing a range of linear and mixed-signal integrated circuits, referred to as analog circuits. The company has (more…)




Analysts See $0.15 EPS for Virtusa (VRTU); Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co Has Increased Its Servicenow Com Usd0.001 (NOW) Holding
Tidewater Inc. (TDW) EPS Estimated At $-1.42, Howard Hughes Medical Institute Has Trimmed Visa (V) Holding
TransDigm Group (TDG) Analysts See $2.95 EPS; Howard Hughes Medical Institute Increased Pioneer Nat Res Co (PXD) Position By $980,280
Dream Industrial Real Estate Invest Trst (DIR.UN) Analysts See $0.23 EPS; Daiwa Securities Group Has Increased By $548,600 Its Marvell Technology Group (MRVL) Position
$-0.26 EPS Expected for Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI), Strategy Asset Managers Lowered By $401,600 Its American Intl Group (AIG) Holding
Becker Capital Management Has Increased National Oilwell Varco (NOV) Holding By $7.15 Million, Fossil Group (FOSL)’s Sentiment Is 1.62
$0.31 EPS Expected for NRG Energy (NRG); Huntington National Bank Has Boosted Its Sandridge Mississippian Trust (SDR) Position
$-0.21 EPS Expected for Marrone Bio Innovations (MBII), Lululemon Athletica (LULU) Has 0.91 Sentiment
KEYW Holding Corp. (KEYW) Reaches $8.78 After 7.00% Down Move, Navisite Has 0.93 Sentiment
Westwood Holdings Group Decreased Semgroup (SEMG) Holding, Diamond Offshore Drilling (DO) Sentiment Is 0.71
Maltese Capital Management Lowered Its Stonegate Mtg (SGM) Stake, Wcm Investment Management Has Boosted By $746,075 Its Maximus (MMS) Holding
VolitionRX Ltd (VNRX) Reaches $3.25 After 4.00% Down Move; Qep Resources Has 1.1 Sentiment
$-0.33 EPS Expected for Lipocine (LPCN); America Movil SAB de CV (ADR) (AMX) Had 4 Analysts Last Week
$0.27 EPS Expected for Snyder’s-Lance (LNCE), New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Has Upped Zoetis (ZTS) Holding By $355,100
Middlesex Water Company (MSEX) Reaches $40.71 After 9.00% Up Move; GGP Fka General Growth Properties & Predecessor To General Growth Properties (GGP) Has 0.92 Sentiment
Materialise NV (ADR) (MTLS) Reaches $14.00 After 8.00% Up Move, Last Week TransAlta (TSE:TA) Coverage
Boothbay Fund Management Cut Acacia Resh (ACTG) Stake; Raymond James Financial (RJF)’s Sentiment Is 1.32
Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Analysts See $1.31 EPS; Legacy Vulcan (VMC)’s Sentiment Is 1.05
Jacobs Engineering Group (JEC) EPS Estimated At $0.78; Corus Entertainment Inc. (TSE:CJR.B) Had 2 Bulls






 





Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

$0.28 EPS Expected for International Seaways (INSW); 1 Analysts Are Bullish SciQuest, Inc. (SQI) Last Week


Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (AOSL) Analysts See $0.16 EPS; Udr (UDR)’s Sentiment Is 1.04


EPS for Xenia Hotels & Resorts (XHR) Expected At $0.52; Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Has 1.18 Sentiment


Analysts See $0.15 EPS for Virtusa (VRTU); Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co Has Increased Its Servicenow Com Usd0.001 (NOW) Holding


Tidewater Inc. (TDW) EPS Estimated At $-1.42, Howard Hughes Medical Institute Has Trimmed Visa (V) Holding


TransDigm Group (TDG) Analysts See $2.95 EPS; Howard Hughes Medical Institute Increased Pioneer Nat Res Co (PXD) Position By $980,280


Dream Industrial Real Estate Invest Trst (DIR.UN) Analysts See $0.23 EPS; Daiwa Securities Group Has Increased By $548,600 Its Marvell Technology Group (MRVL) Position


$-0.26 EPS Expected for Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI), Strategy Asset Managers Lowered By $401,600 Its American Intl Group (AIG) Holding


Becker Capital Management Has Increased National Oilwell Varco (NOV) Holding By $7.15 Million, Fossil Group (FOSL)’s Sentiment Is 1.62


$0.31 EPS Expected for NRG Energy (NRG); Huntington National Bank Has Boosted Its Sandridge Mississippian Trust (SDR) Position







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact













  OILK Quote - Proshares Trust-Proshares K-1 Free Crude Oil Strategy Etf Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Proshares Trust-Proshares K-1 Free Crude Oil Strategy Etf   OILK:US   BATS        17.74USD   0.46   2.51%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   18.08    Day Range   17.74 - 18.08    Volume   3,700    Previous Close   18.20    52Wk Range   16.51 - 22.94                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   18.08    Day Range   17.74 - 18.08    Volume   3,700    Previous Close   18.20    52Wk Range   16.51 - 22.94    YTD Return   -20.80%    NAV (on 07/21/2017)   17.77    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/21/2017)   1.777    Inception Date   09/28/2016    Premium/Discount   -0.17%    Average 52-Week Premium   -0.06%    Fund Managers   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Expense Ratio   0.65%    3 Mo Return   -9.54%    3 Yr Return   -    5 Yr Return   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        CLU7:COM   WTI CRUDE FUTURE  Sep17    39.00 1.79 m 50.11           Profile   ProShares K-1 Free Crude Oil Strategy ETF is an exchange traded fund incorporat- ed in the USA. The fund seeks to provide total return through actively managed exposure to the West Texas Intermediate ("WTI") crude oil futures markets.    Address  ProShares Trust7501 Wisconsin AvenueSuite 1000Bethesda, MD 20814USA   Phone  1-240-497-6400   Website   www.proshares.com               







ProShares Trust Ultra VIX Short Term Futures ETF(NYSE:UVXY): Decent Gains On VIX Spike | ETF Daily News

































 




























































Traders Are Betting On A Summer Volatility Spike (UVXY)


 June 28, 2017 1:26pm  NYSE:UVXY  



 




Analyst/ETF Trader Paul Weisbruch of Street One Financial brings us his daily fund flows update, which today hones in on sudden spikes in long volatility ETPs as volatility rises, along with some interesting options moves in popular junk bond funds.




Just as soon as we were speaking about a sub $10 VIX in these pieces, we had a spike above $11 yesterday in the index on global equity weakness across the board, likely stemming from the Senate balking on an immediate vote on the Healthcare Bill and instead deciding to “kick the can.” “Long Volatility” ETPs VXX, UVXY, and TVIX rose yesterday after closing at new all-time lows during Monday’s session. But alas, “contango” is still present in the VIX futures market and its effects are noticeable in these products, which never seem to move in perfect conjunction with the VIX.
Speaking of the VIX itself, we have seen some early action in July 14 calls today which expire in several weeks. Those are bets that volatility will rise significantly over the next several trading days.
In other activity, we mentioned building outflows in the two largest High Yield Corporate Bond ETFs (HYG, JNK) in this segment yesterday, and we are seeing some near term put buying involving 87.50 and 85.50 strike puts in both names.
The ProShares Trust Ultra VIX Short Term Futures ETF (NYSE:UVXY) was trading at $9.07 per share on Wednesday afternoon, down $0.56 (-5.82%). Year-to-date, UVXY has declined -79.27%, versus a 8.97% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.
UVXY currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of F (Strong Sell), and is ranked #2 of 3 ETFs in the Leveraged Volatility ETFs category.

Disclaimer: The content of this article is excerpted from a daily newsletter from Street One Financial. While ETF Daily News may edit the contents and add a relevant title to the piece, the author, Paul Weisbruch, does not endorse or recommend any issuer or security mentioned herein.

About the Author: Paul Weisbruch

Paul Weisbruch is the VP of ETF/Options Sales and Trading at Street One Financial. Prior to joining the team at Street One, Paul served as the Director of RIA and Institutional ETF Sales at RevenueShares ETFs from December 2007 until November of 2009. Before RevenueShares, Paul was employed by Susquehanna International Group from 2000 until 2007 serving in roles including OTC/NYSE Institutional Block Trading, Nasdaq/OTC Market Making, ETF/Derivatives Intelligence and Strategy, Algorithmic Trading, as well as acting as the PHLX Floor Specialist in the ETFs, SPY and DIA.Paul has been actively involved in the ETF space from both a product and trading standpoint since 2000. Additionally, Paul has well forged relationships with national RIAs, institutional pension fund managers and consultants, mutual fund and hedge fund managers, and also the ETF media. Co-authoring the “S1F ETF Daily” since 2009, the daily piece has become a must for many portfolio managers in the ETF space, with segments regularly appearing in the likes of Barron’s, WSJ, and ETFTrends.com for instance.
He holds his Series 4 (Registered Options Principal), 6, 7, 55 (Equity Trader), 63, and 65 licenses. He graduated from the University of Pittsburgh (B.S. – Economics), graduating magna cum laude, and has an MBA from Villanova University.






Read Next


No related posts.

Recommended for You





 Get Free Updates



Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com!



Subscribe
        




 


 
Most Popular



U.S. Military Going All-In On Robots (BOTZ)
Another Huge Uranium Rally Could Be Taking Shape (URA)
The Top High-Yield Closed End Funds Of July





 



      Our Exclusive Tools
    



Best ETFs List

Best ETF Categories

 ETF Screener
 Find Whats In Your ETF
 Find What ETF Holds Your Stock
 Search ETFs By Leverage
 Search ETFs By Asset Class
 
Sponsored Content




From Our Partners


 









Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com




Free Daily Newsletter
Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again!




Sign Me Up

 ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy.




Best ETFs
We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system.
View Top Rated ETFs




Best Categories
We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance.
Best ETF Categories

















 



ProShares Announces ETF Share Splits | Business Wire
























































ProShares Announces ETF Share Splits






July 01, 2016 04:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time



BETHESDA, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ProShares, a premier provider of ETFs, announced today forward and 
      reverse share splits on eight of its ETFs. The splits will not change 
      the total value of a shareholder’s investment.
    

Forward Splits


      Five ETFs will forward split shares 3-for-1:
    



Ticker


           
        

ProShares ETF


           
        

Split Ratio






          UGE
        

           
        

          Ultra Consumer Goods
        

           
        

          3-for-1
        





          UPW
        

           
        

          Ultra Utilities
        

           
        

          3-for-1
        





          CMD
        

           
        

          UltraShort Bloomberg Commodity
        

           
        

          3-for-1
        





          UXI
        

           
        

          Ultra Industrials
        

           
        

          3-for-1
        





          KOLD
        

           
        

          UltraShort Bloomberg Natural Gas
        

           
        

          3-for-1
        





      All forward splits will apply to shareholders of record as of the close 
      of the markets on July 20, 2016, payable after the close of the markets 
      on July 22, 2016. The funds will trade at their post-split price on July 
      25, 2016. The ticker symbol and CUSIP numbers for the funds will not 
      change.
    

      The forward splits will decrease the price per share of each fund with a 
      proportionate increase in the number of shares outstanding. For example, 
      for the 3-for-1 splits, every pre-split share will result in the receipt 
      of three post-split shares, which will be priced at one-third the net 
      asset value (“NAV”) of a pre-split share.
    

Illustration of a Forward Split


      The following table shows the effect of a hypothetical 3-for-1 split:
    



Period


           
        

# of Shares Owned


           
        

Hypothetical NAV


           
        

Value of Shares






          Pre-Split
        

           
        

          100
        

           
        

          $90.00
        

           
        

          $9,000.00
        





          Post-Split
        

           
        

          300
        

           
        

          $30.00
        

           
        

          $9,000.00
        





Reverse Splits


      Three ETFs will reverse split shares at the following split ratios:
    



Ticker


           
        

ProShares ETF


           
        

Split Ratio


           
        

Old CUSIP


           
        

New CUSIP






          GDXS
        

           
        

          UltraShort Gold Miners
        

           
        

          1-for-4
        

           
        

          74348A269
        

           
        

          74348A194
        





          VIXY
        

           
        

          VIX Short-Term Futures ETF
        

           
        

          1-for-5
        

           
        

          74347W361
        

           
        

          74347W262
        





          UVXY
        

           
        

          Ultra VIX Short-Term Futures ETF
        

           
        

          1-for-5
        

           
        

          74347W312
        

           
        

          74347W254
        





      All reverse splits will be effective at the market open on July 25, 
      2015, when the funds will begin trading at their post-split price. The 
      ticker symbol for the funds will not change. All funds undergoing a 
      reverse split will be issued a new CUSIP number, listed above.
    

      The reverse splits will increase the price per share of each fund with a 
      proportionate decrease in the number of shares outstanding. For example, 
      for a 1-for-4 reverse split, every four pre-split shares will result in 
      the receipt of one post-split share, which will be priced four times 
      higher than the NAV of a pre-split share.
    

Illustration of a Reverse Split


      The following table shows the effect of a hypothetical 1-for-4 reverse 
      split:
    



Period


           
        

# of Shares Owned


           
        

Hypothetical NAV


           
        

Value of Shares






          Pre-Split
        

           
        

          1,000
        

           
        

          $10.00
        

           
        

          $10,000.00
        





          Post-Split
        

           
        

          250
        

           
        

          $40.00
        

           
        

          $10,000.00
        





Fractional Shares from Reverse Splits


      For shareholders who hold quantities of shares that are not an exact 
      multiple of the reverse split ratio (for example, not a multiple of 4 
      for a 1-for-4 reverse split), the reverse split will result in the 
      creation of a fractional share. Post-reverse split fractional shares 
      will be redeemed for cash and sent to your broker of record. This 
      redemption may cause some shareholders to realize gains or losses, which 
      could be a taxable event for those shareholders.
    

About ProShares


      ProShares helps investors to go beyond the limitations of conventional 
      investing and face today's market challenges. ProShares strives to help 
      investors build better portfolios by providing access to a wide variety 
      of investment exposures and strategies delivered with the liquidity, 
      transparency and cost effectiveness of ETFs. Our wide array of ETFs can 
      help you reduce volatility, manage risk and enhance returns.
    

      Geared (Short or Ultra) ProShares ETFs seek returns that are either 3x, 
      2x, -1x, -2x or -3x the return of an index or other benchmark (target) for 
      a single day, as measured from one NAV calculation to the next. 
      Due to the compounding of daily returns, ProShares' returns over periods 
      other than one day will likely differ in amount and possibly direction 
      from the target return for the same period. These effects may be more 
      pronounced in funds with larger or inverse multiples and in funds with 
      volatile benchmarks. Investors should monitor their ProShares holdings 
      consistent with their strategies, as frequently as daily. For more on 
      correlation, leverage and other risks, please read the prospectus.
    

Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. ProShares 
      ETFs are generally non-diversified and each entails certain risks, which 
      may include risk associated with the use of derivatives (swap 
      agreements, futures contracts and similar instruments), imperfect 
      benchmark correlation, leverage and market price variance, all of which 
      can increase volatility and decrease performance. Short positions lose 
      value as security prices increase. There are additional risks related to 
      commodity investments due to large institutional purchases or sales, and 
      natural and technological factors such as severe weather, unusual 
      climate change, and development and depletions of alternative resources. 
      There are additional risks due to debt levels in the underlying 
      countries, inflation and interest rates, investment activity, and global 
      political and economic concerns. Certain derivative instruments will 
      subject the fund to counterparty risk and credit risk, which could 
      result in significant losses for the fund. Please see their summary and 
      full prospectuses for a more complete description of risks. There is 
      no guarantee any ProShares ETF will achieve its investment objective.


Investing in ETFs involves a substantial risk of loss. CMD, KOLD, 
      VIXY and UVXY are not investment companies regulated under the 
      Investment Company Act of 1940 and are not afforded its protections. 
      Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. These ETFs 
      generate a K-1 tax form. VIXY and UVXY invest in futures. VIX futures 
      are among the most volatile futures contracts. A fund's exposure to its 
      index may subject that fund to greater volatility than investments in 
      traditional securities, which may adversely affect an investor's 
      investment in that fund. VIX futures indexes are mean reverting; funds 
      benchmarked to them should not be expected to appreciate over extended 
      periods. Due to defined time periods and other features, VIX futures 
      indexes and funds benchmarked to them can be expected to perform 
      differently than the VIX. These ETFs are not suitable for all 
      investors.


Carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and 
      expenses of ProShares before investing. This and other information can 
      be found in their summary and full prospectuses. Read them carefully 
      before investing.


This information must be accompanied or preceded by a current 
      ProShares Trust II prospectus (http://www.proshares.com/funds/trust_ii_prospectuses.html). 
      ProShares Trust II (issuer) has filed a registration statement 
      (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this 
      communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus 
      in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed 
      with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this 
      offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the 
      SEC website at sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer will arrange to send 
      you the prospectus if you request it by calling toll-free 866.776.5125 
      or visiting ProShares.com.


      ProShares are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co., which is 
      not affiliated with the funds' advisor or sponsor.
    


Contacts

Media:Hewes Communications, Inc.Tucker Hewes, 
      212-207-9451tucker@hewescomm.comorInvestors:ProShares, 
      866-776-5125ProShares.com
    













Release Summary
ProShares, a premier provider of ETFs, announced today forward and reverse share splits on eight of its ETFs. The splits will not change the total value of a shareholder’s investment.






Contacts

Media:Hewes Communications, Inc.Tucker Hewes, 
      212-207-9451tucker@hewescomm.comorInvestors:ProShares, 
      866-776-5125ProShares.com
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Leveraged & Inverse ETFs | Alternative Mutual Funds | Direxion



























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 












Worriers WelcomeInverse and LeveragedInverse ETFs


 




QQQEDirexion Nasdaq-100 Equal Weighted Index Shares
 
☆☆☆☆☆Overall Morningstar Rating™out of 1,277 Large Growth Funds as of 6/30/2017†








TMFTMV
Direxion Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull and Bear 3X Shares






GASLGASX
Direxion Daily Natural Gas Related Bull and Bear 3X Shares






CHAD
Direxion Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X Shares






SPXLSPXS
Direxion Daily S&P 500 Bull and Bear 3X Shares






FASFAZ
Direxion Daily Financial Bull and Bear 3X Shares






TECLTECS
Direxion Daily Technology Bull and Bear 3X Shares










LABU
LABDDaily S&P Biotech Bull & Bear 3X Shares






CHAUDaily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2x Shares  CHADDaily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1x Shares 
    





JNUG
 JDSTDaily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull and Bear 3x Shares


 





Direxion Launches 3X Leveraged ETF on EURO STOXX 50 Index
The Direxion Daily EURO STOXX 50® Bull 3X Shares (Ticker: EUXL) seeks to achieve 300% of the daily performance of the EURO STOXX 50® Index. The index covers 50 blue-chip stocks from 11 Eurozone countries. Read the press release.








        News Announcements, Press, and Highlights


Direxion Launches 3X Leveraged ETF on EURO STOXX 50 Index Introducing the Direxion Daily EURO STOXX 50® Bull 3X Shares (Ticker: EUXL). Read Press Release

Recent ETF Distributions & Schedule Direxion will pay income distributions on certain ETFs according to the following schedule.Read More
 





        Connect E-newsletters and social media

 
The Xchange | For traders of leveraged and inverse ETFs
By The Numbers | Weekly news and numbers
Receive Alerts | Be informed of updates, events, more
e-Delivery | Email delivery of prospectus, annual reports


 




        Our Approach A Tradition of Innovation Continues

 Direxion’s index-based products deliver directional options, magnified exposure, and long-term, rules-based strategies. Founded in 1997, the company has approximately $12.1 billion in assets under management as of June 30, 2017. Our diverse suite of products helps investors navigate today’s ever-changing markets. More

 

 














Exchange-Traded Funds, ETF List | Direxion




























 

















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 









 




    Exchange-Traded Funds  





+ Share 



 
 









 The performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate. An investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost; current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Returns for performance for one year and under are cumulative, not annualized. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the fund’s future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns. For additional information, see the fund(s) prospectus.
Each Direxion Fund share price is calculated as of the close of regular trading, usually as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, each day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. Each fund seeks to meet its investment objective relative to the value of the target index or benchmark as of 4:00 p.m.
Shares of Direxion Shares are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Market Price returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 PM Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Fund returns assume that dividends and capital gains distributions have been reinvested in the Fund at NAV. Some performance results reflect expense subsidies and waivers in effect during certain periods shown. Absent these waivers, results would have been less favorable.
After-Tax and After-Tax, Post Sales Returns
Tax-adjusted returns and tax cost ratio are estimates of the impact taxes have had on a fund. We assume the highest tax rate in calculating these figures. These returns follow the SEC guidelines for calculating returns before sale of shares. Tax-adjusted returns show a fund’s annualized after tax total return for the one, three and five year periods, excluding any capital-gains effects that would result from selling the fund at the end of the period. To determine this figure, all income and short-term capital gains distributions are taxed at the maximum federal rate at the time of distribution. Long-term capital gains are taxed at a 15% rate. The after tax portion is then assumed to be reinvested in the fund. State and local taxes are not included in our calculations. For more information, please consult your tax consultant.
Distribution Dates

Payable and Ex-Date – With regard to mutual funds, this is the day on which declared distributions (dividends or capital gains) are deducted from the fund’s assets before it calculates its net asset value (NAV). The NAV per share will drop by the amount of the distribution per share.
Record Date – Date by which a shareholder must officially own shares in order to be entitled to a dividend.

Types of Distributions

Income Dividend – A portion of a company’s profit paid to common and preferred shareholders.
Long Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for more than one year.
Short Term Capital Gains – Profits distributed to shareholders resulting from the sale of securities held in the fund’s portfolio for less than one year


 











Related Reading

Knowledge
Related education, articles, and insights.



  ETF Market Pricing    


ETF market prices are the prices at which investors buy or sell shares of an ETF in the secondary market. While ETFs are designed to trade in line with their intraday values, during times of significant market volatility an ETF’s market price may vary more widely from its intraday value.


  ETF Liquidity – Four Rules to Consider    


Liquidity, transparency, real-time trading, and relatively low management fees are the reason why ETFs are becoming more and more popular. Learn about the four key characteristics that investors should better understand in order to trade them properly.
 More articles like this
 
















ETF & Mutual Fund Investment Tools | Direxion



























 


















BRZU Daily MSCI Brazil Bull 3X SharesCHAD Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bear 1X SharesCHAU Daily CSI 300 China A Share Bull 2X SharesCLAW Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bear 3X SharesCOM Direxion Auspice Broad Commodity Strategy ETFCURE Daily Healthcare Bull 3X SharesCWEB Daily CSI China Internet Index Bull 2X SharesDFEN Daily Aerospace & Defense Bull 3X SharesDPK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bear 3X SharesDPST Daily Regional Banks Bull 3X SharesDRIP Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bear 3X SharesDRN Daily MSCI Real Estate Bull 3X SharesDRV Daily MSCI Real Estate Bear 3X SharesDULL Daily Silver Miners Index Bear 2X SharesDUSL Daily Industrials Bull 3X SharesDUST Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesDXCBX Direxion Indexed CVT Strategy FundDXCIX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – Inst.DXCTX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – ADXELX Monthly Emerging Markets Bull 2X FundDXHLX Monthly China Bull 2X FundDXHYX Monthly High Yield Bull 1.2X FundDXKLX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 2X FundDXKSX Monthly 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 2X FundDXLTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bull 1.35X FundDXMAX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – ADXMCX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – CDXMIX Direxion Indexed Managed Futures Strategy Fund – Inst.DXNLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 1.25X FundDXNSX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bear 1.25X FundDXQLX Monthly NASDAQ-100 Bull 2X FundDXRLX Monthly Small Cap Bull 2X FundDXRSX Monthly Small Cap Bear 2X FundDXSCX Direxion Indexed Commodity Strategy Fund – CDXSLX Monthly S&P 500 Bull 2X FundDXSSX Monthly S&P 500 Bear 2X FundDXSTX Monthly 25+ Year Treasury Bear 1.35X FundDZK Daily MSCI Developed Markets Bull 3X SharesEDC Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bull 3X SharesEDZ Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Bear 3X SharesERX Daily Energy Bull 3X SharesERY Daily Energy Bear 3X SharesERYY Daily Energy Bear 1X SharesEUFL Daily MSCI European Financials Bull 2X SharesEUFS Daily MSCI European Financials Bear 1X SharesEURL Daily FTSE Europe Bull 3X SharesEUXL Daily EURO STOXX 50 Bull 3X SharesFAS Daily Financial Bull 3X SharesFAZ Daily Financial Bear 3X SharesFAZZ Daily Financial Bear 1X SharesGASL Daily Natural Gas Related Bull 3X SharesGASX Daily Natural Gas Related Bear 3X SharesGUSH Daily S&P Oil & Gas Exp. & Prod. Bull 3X SharesHAKK Daily Cyber Security & IT Bull 2X SharesHCYAX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – A SharesHCYCX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – C SharesHCYIX Direxion Hilton Tactical Income Fund – InstitutionalHYDD Daily High Yield Bear 2X SharesIBLN Direxion iBillionaire Index ETFINDL Daily MSCI India Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesJDST Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bear 3X SharesJPNL Daily MSCI Japan Bull 3X SharesKNOW Direxion All Cap Insider Sentiment SharesKORU Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X SharesLABD Daily S&P Biotech Bear 3X SharesLABS Daily S&P Biotech Bear 1X SharesLABU Daily S&P Biotech Bull 3X SharesLBJ Daily Latin America Bull 3X SharesLLSC Daily Small Cap Bull 1.25X SharesLLSP Daily S&P 500 Bull 1.25X SharesMELT Daily Gold Miners Index Bear 1X SharesMEXX Daily MSCI Mexico Bull 3X SharesMIDU Daily Mid Cap Bull 3X SharesMIDZ Daily Mid Cap Bear 3X SharesNAIL Daily Homebuilders & Supplies Bull 3X SharesNUGT Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X SharesPEMVX Evolution Managed FundsQQQE Direxion NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index SharesRETL Daily Retail Bull 3X SharesRUSL Daily Russia Bull 3X SharesRUSS Daily Russia Bear 3X SharesSAGG Daily Total Bond Market Bear 1X SharesSHNY Daily Silver Miners Index Bull 2X SharesSICK Daily Healthcare Bear 3X SharesSMLL Daily Small Cap Bull 2X SharesSOXL Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X SharesSOXS Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X SharesSPDN Daily S&P 500 Bear 1X SharesSPLZ Daily Consumer Staples Bear 1X SharesSPUU Daily S&P 500 Bull 2X SharesSPXL Daily S&P 500 Bull 3X SharesSPXS Daily S&P 500 Bear 3X SharesTECL Daily Technology Bull 3X SharesTECS Daily Technology Bear 3X SharesTECZ Daily Technology Bear 1X SharesTMF Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTMV Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTNA Daily Small Cap Bull 3X SharesTPOR Daily Transportation Bull 3X SharesTYBS Daily 20+ Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYD Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bull 3X SharesTYNS Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 1X SharesTYO Daily 7-10 Year Treasury Bear 3X SharesTZA Daily Small Cap Bear 3X SharesUTLZ Daily Utilities Bear 1X SharesUTSL Daily Utilities Bull 3X SharesWDRW Daily Regional Banks Bear 3X SharesYANG Daily FTSE China Bear 3X SharesYINN Daily FTSE China Bull 3X SharesZMLP Direxion Zacks MLP High Income Index Shares 










    Tools You Can Use  


Direxion provides a suite of tools that can be highly beneficial when implementing tactical investment strategies. These tools can be applied to strategies that are both specific and non-specific to Direxion.


Mutual Fund Tools


  Exposure Level Tools    


The following tools help determine a Monthly Leveraged Index Fund's estimated exposure level for the day on which it is purchased using data feeds which provide real time values. 
 

ETF Tools


  Premium/Discount Tool    


The Premium/Discount Tool illustrates the daily difference (premium or discount) between the market closing price and calculated net asset value per share of Direxion ETFs.
 











