

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Prospect Capital Management L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:55 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Prospect Capital Management L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Prospect Capital Management L.P. is a private equity, venture debt, loan firm specializing in middle market, mature, later stage, emerging growth, buyouts, PIPEs, recapitalizations, turnaround, growth capital, development, subordinated debt tranches of collateralized loan obligations, and cash flow term loans transactions. It also provides mezzanine financing and bridge financing. It also makes real estate investments particularly in multi-family residential real estate asset class. The fund makes secured debt, senior debt, unitranche debt, first-lien and second lien, private debt, mezzanine debt, and equity investments in private and microcap public businesses. The firm seeks to invest acro...
Prospect Capital Management L.P. is a private equity, venture debt, loan firm specializing in middle market, mature, later stage, emerging growth, buyouts, PIPEs, recapitalizations, turnaround, growth capital, development, subordinated debt tranches of collateralized loan obligations, and cash flow term loans transactions. It also provides mezzanine financing and bridge financing. It also makes real estate investments particularly in multi-family residential real estate asset class. The fund makes secured debt, senior debt, unitranche debt, first-lien and second lien, private debt, mezzanine debt, and equity investments in private and microcap public businesses. The firm seeks to invest across all sectors with a particular expertise in the energy and industrial sectors. The firm invests in aerospace and defense, chemicals, conglomerate services, consumer services, ecological, electronics, financial services, machinery, manufacturing, media, pharmaceuticals, retail, software, specialty minerals, textiles and leather, transportation, oil and gas production, coal production, materials, industrials, consumer discretionary, information technology, utilities, pipeline, storage, power generation and distribution, renewable and clean energy, midstream gathering and processing, oilfield services and fabrication, healthcare, food and beverage, education, business services, real estate, and other select sectors. It prefers to invest in companies based in North America, United States, and Canada. The firm seeks to invest between $10 million to $250 million per transaction in companies with EBITDA between $5 million and $150 million, sales value between $25 million and $500 million, and enterprise value between $5 million and $1000 million. Prospect Capital Management L.P. was founded in 1998 and is based in New York, New York with an additional office in Darien, Connecticut.
Detailed Description


10 East 40th Street44nd FloorNew York, NY 10016United StatesFounded in 1988



Phone: 212-448-0702

Fax: 212-448-9652

www.prospectcapitalmanagement.com







Key Executives for Prospect Capital Management L.P.




Mr. John Francis Barry III, J.D.


      	Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
      


Age: 65
        







Ms. Daria Becker


      	Head of Administration, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Michael Grier Eliasek


      	Managing Director
      


Age: 43
        







Mr. David Moszer


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. Richard T. Carratu CPA


      	Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Prospect Capital Management L.P. Key Developments

Prospect Capital Mulls Acquisitions
Oct 20 16
Prospect Capital Corporation (NasdaqGS: PSEC) of Prospect Capital Management L.P. is looking for acquisitions. The company intends to acquire minority or majority equity interests in its portfolio companies, which may pay cash or in-kind dividends on a recurring or otherwise negotiated basis.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 17, 2017
			    
Memorial MRI & Diagnostic Center, LP



Private Placement

			      February 8, 2017
			    
Centerfield Media Holdings, LLC



Merger/Acquisition

			      December 6, 2016
			    
Deltek, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Prospect Capital Management L.P., please visit www.prospectcapitalmanagement.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























PROSPECT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L.P. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    PROSPECT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L.P.











Company number B17000000091
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Foreign Limited Partnership
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 4/7/2017
        

Principal Address
            THE 840 SOUTH OCEAN BLVD FL LAND TRUST, 840 SOUTH OCEAN BLVD, LANTANA, 33462
            


Mailing Address THE 840 SOUTH OCEAN BLVD FL LAND TRUST, 840 SOUTH OCEAN BLVD, LANTANA, FL, 33462
        
PROSPECT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L.P. Principals


                Prospect Management Group Gp Llc
                 


Address
                840 SOUTH OCEAN BLVD, LANTANA, FL, 33462
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name ARD, SHIRLEY AND RUDOLPH, P.A. (c)
        

Agent Address
                207 WEST PARK AVE SUITE B, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301
                

Description
PROSPECT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L.P. has been set up 4/7/2017 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The PROSPECT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L.P. principal adress is THE 840 SOUTH OCEAN BLVD FL LAND TRUST, 840 SOUTH OCEAN BLVD, LANTANA, 33462. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to THE 840 SOUTH OCEAN BLVD FL LAND TRUST, 840 SOUTH OCEAN BLVD, LANTANA, FL, 33462. 
The company`s registered agent is ARD, SHIRLEY AND RUDOLPH, P.A. 207 WEST PARK AVE SUITE B, TALLAHASSEE, FL, 32301.  
The company`s management are  - Prospect Management Group Gp Llc.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
PROSPECT CARPETS, INC.
PROSPECT CDG II, LLC
PROSPECT CENTER, INC.
PROSPECT-CHASES, LLC
PROSPECTCLOUD
PROSPECT COLLISION, INC.













Prospect Capital Management LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























prospect capital management lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Prospect Capital Management LP, doing business as Prospect Capital Management LLC, offers financial services. The Company focuses on middle market mezzanine and private equity investments, as well as provides investment advisory services. Prospect Capital Management serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

10 East 40th Street
44th Floor
New York, NY 10016
United States


Phone:
1-212-448-0702


Fax:
1-212-448-9652


Web url:
www.prospectcapitalmanagement.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Justin H Wertman


Deputy General Counsel







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Prospect Capital - Prospect Capital | PSEC

















































 







 Prospect Capital Management
 Contact
 

















Select Page


 




 











 


Diligent. Dynamic.Determined.
 Prospect Capital Corporation is a leading publicly-traded Business Development Company (“BDC”).  We make debt and equity investments in U.S. middle market businesses across a range of industries, and seek to deliver steady, attractive returns to our shareholders.
We trade on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol “PSEC”.

 

 $6.2B+
  Assets
 
 300+
  Businesses Funded
 
 $2.3B+
  Dividends Declared
 




 



About Prospect Capital


 


Our TeamManaged by a team of over 100 professionals with experience managing through multiple economic and investing cycles, with offices in New York and Connecticut
View More

spacer

 

Our StrategyFocused on the U.S. middle market, with 87% of investment assets in loans secured by a first or second lien, and with no single industry accounting for more than 9.6% of investment assets(1)
View More

spacer

 

Our MissionIntent on delivering consistent returns and capital preservation, independent of market timing, through a culture of transparency, collaboration, and alignment with investors
View More

spacer



 



Why Invest In Prospect?Prospect Capital Corporation is among the oldest and largest BDCs. Throughout our 12+ years as a public company, we have provided consistent returns to our shareholders through our disciplined approach to investing in the U.S. middle market.
 
Click the links on the right to learn more about Prospect.


 



Attractive Dividend Yield
 


Broad Investment Portfolio

 



Focus on Senior and Secured Lending
 


Large and Experienced Team

 



Proven Organization Strategies
 


Conservative, Strong Capitalization



 





 We are proud of our long history of providing important capital to U.S. middle market businesses while delivering to our shareholders consistent returns. We have offices across the U.S. and investments in 36 separate industries. We are among the leading providers of capital to the middle market.


 


JOHN BARRY
Chairman and CEO



 



Industry Diversity
 




 

Secured Lending Focus
 





 


View Full Portfolio



 



Latest From Prospect
 



Prospect Capital Corporation


(NASDAQ:
PSEC)


January 1, 2017 12:00AM





N/A



N/A
(N/A)


Vol: N/A



*Minimum 20 minute delay



 

Prospect Capital Purchases $64.5 Million of First Lien Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes Issued by LeadingResponse
 May 10, 2017  |  Press Release NEW YORK, May 10, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Prospect Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:PSEC) (“Prospect”) announced today that Prospect purchased $64.5 million of first lien senior secured floating rate notes issued by RME Group Holding Company (d/b/a LeadingResponse)...
read more


Prospect Capital Reports March 2017 Quarterly Results
 May 9, 2017  |  Earnings Release NEW YORK, May 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Prospect Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:PSEC) (“Prospect”, “our”, or “we”) today announced financial results for our third fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2017.  All amounts in $000’s except per share amounts   Quarter Ended  ...
read more

 












SUBSCRIBE TO PROSPECT UPDATES







SUBSCRIBE






 

Investor Relations
 

 
Latest Earnings
 

 
Corporate Presentation
 

 
Performance Presentation
 

 
Annual report
 

 
Shareholder Letter


 















SUBSCRIBE TO PROSPECT UPDATES







SUBSCRIBE








 



Why Invest In Prospect?Prospect Capital Corporation is among the oldest and largest BDCs. Throughout our 12+ years as a public company, we have provided consistent returns to our shareholders through our disciplined approach to investing in the U.S. middle market.
 
Click the links on the right to learn more about Prospect.

 
Attractive Dividend YieldAttractive Dividend Yield
PSEC is a yield-oriented investor and has paid a continuous, regular dividend to its investors since inception.  We have declared 109 consecutive dividends, totaling over $2.3 billion, since our 2004 IPO.(2)

 
Focus on Senior and Secured LendingFocus on Senior and Secured Lending
PSEC is focused on providing senior and secured term loans to U.S. middle market businesses. Of our total investments, 88% are in the form of interest bearing loans, the vast majority of which are secured by a first or second lien loan. For calendar year 2016, 93.9% of our total investment income was interest income on loans.

 
Proven Organization StrategiesProven Organization Strategies
Our team has developed a broad and deep network of U.S. middle market relationships over many years of investing, including extensive relationships with private equity firms, other capital providers, business owners and managers, and intermediaries.

 
Broad Investment PortfolioBroad Investment Portfolio
Since its 2004 IPO, PSEC has invested over $13 billion in over 300 businesses, with 125 portfolio companies today. Our current investments span 36 separate industries, with no single industry representing more than 9.6% of our total portfolio. We underwrite our investments as floating-rate loans, which stand to benefit from the anticipated hikes in interest rates.

 
Large and Experienced TeamLarge and Experienced Team
We cover the U.S. middle market with a team of over 100 professionals with experience investing across a range of industries and through multiple economic and investing cycles, with offices in New York and Connecticut. Our investment professionals are supported by a dedicated team of attorneys, accountants, and other specialists.

 
Conservative, Strong CapitalizationConservative, Strong Capitalization
With over $6.2 billion of assets, PSEC is among the largest of the BDCs. We benefit from a conservative 0.76x Net Leverage Ratio and a low 31.2% five-year average expense ratio.(3) Our investment professionals own over 6.7% of outstanding PSEC shares as of 2/28/2017, so we are very much aligned with our shareholders.

 
All information derived from PSEC filings and management, and is as of 3/31/17 unless otherwise noted.
1Includes underlying collateral in securitizations, represented by Prospect's investments in CLOs.
2Dividends may not continue at the current level if at all.
3Expense ratio defined as non-financing operating expenses (including all management fees and expenses) divided by gross investment income. Source: PSEC analysis of Capital IQ data as of 3/20/17 for the 37 BDCs for which there is quarterly data for the five years ended 12/31/16.
4Structured Finance represents PSEC’s investments in CLOs which are broadly invested across many industries.
Portfolio constructions charts based on fair value.
Past performance does not guarantee future results and current performance may be lower or higher than the performance contained herein. An investment in PSEC’s return and principal value will fluctuate such that an investor’s shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
Investors are advised to carefully consider the investment objective, risks, charges and expenses of PSEC before investing. A supplemental prospectus dated 5/12/17 and prospectus dated 11/3/16 have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The supplemental prospectus and prospectus contain information about PSEC and should be read carefully before investing. A more detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties is contained in the prospectus supplement and prospectus.
This information page does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy nor will there be any sale of the shares referred to in this information page in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction.
The information contained herein may contain forward-looking statements. Any such statements are likely to be affected by unknowable future events and conditions, most of which are not under PSEC’s control and that PSEC may not have considered; accordingly, such statements cannot be guarantees or assurances of any aspect of future performance, and actual developments and results may vary materially. Such statements speak only as of the time when made, and PSEC undertakes no obligation to update any such statement now or in the future.
Certain information discussed in this presentation (including information relating to portfolio companies) was derived from third-party sources and has not been independently verified and, accordingly, Prospect Capital Corporation makes no representation or warranty in respect of this information.

 

































