


British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from British Columbia, Canada)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Idaho, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and western Montana.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792361913"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 02:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from British Columbia, Canada)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Idaho, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and western Montana.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792361913"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 02:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from British Columbia, Canada)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Idaho, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and western Montana.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792361913"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 02:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from British Columbia, Canada)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Idaho, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and western Montana.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792361913"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 02:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from British Columbia, Canada)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Idaho, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and western Montana.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792361913"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 02:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from British Columbia, Canada)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Idaho, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and western Montana.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792361913"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 02:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









History of British Columbia - Wikipedia





















 






History of British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada. Originally politically constituted as a pair of British colonies, British Columbia joined the Canadian Confederation on July 20, 1871. Perhaps the most influential historian of British Columbia has been Margaret Ormsby. In British Columbia: A History (1958) she presented a structural model that has been adopted by numerous historians and teachers. Chad Reimer says," in many aspects, it still has not been surpassed." Ormsby posited a series of propositions that provided the dynamic to the history:

the ongoing pull between maritime and continental forces; the opposition between a "closed," hierarchical model of society represented by the Hudson's Bay Company and colonial officials, and the "open," egalitarian vision of English and Canadian settlers; and regional tensions between Vancouver Island and mainland, metropolitan Vancouver and the hinterland interior.[1]




Contents


1 Early history: Native Peoples
2 Early Spanish explorers
3 Early European villages (1788–1790s)
4 Late British expeditions (1790s–1821)
5 From fur trade districts to colonies (1821–1858)
6 Colonial British Columbia (1858–1871)

6.1 Richard Clement Moody and the Royal Engineers
6.2 Ned McGowan's War
6.3 The Foundation of New Westminster
6.4 The feud between Moody and Governor James Douglas
6.5 Other developments
6.6 The Second Gold Rush
6.7 Annexation debate


7 Entry into Canada (1871–1900)
8 20th century

8.1 Rise of the labour movement
8.2 Race and ethnic relations
8.3 Prohibition
8.4 World War II contributions
8.5 Columbia River Treaty


9 21st century

9.1 Crimes
9.2 Civil amercement


10 First Nations
11 See also

11.1 Indigenous peoples
11.2 European empires
11.3 Important figures
11.4 Places
11.5 Events
11.6 Other history articles


12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early history: Native Peoples[edit]




Tsimshian people c. 1890, Metlakatla.


Human history in what has come to be known as British Columbia dates back thousands of years. Archaeology has identified dates in British Columbia as early as 13,500 years ago, with some exciting potential for underwater sites beginning to be detected.
The geography of the land influenced cultural development of the peoples - and in places, allowed for cultural development of permanent villages, complex social institutions and a huge range of languages. BC is divided by anthropological theory into three cultural areas - the Northwest Coast, The Plateau and the North. First Nations in each area developed customs and approaches to living that fit the resources in the region. Through much of British Columbia salmon are available and formed a substantial part of the diet where available. The term pre-contact is used to describe the time period prior to contact between First Nations and European explorers. The precise time of contact varied according to circumstance but took place on the coast between the 1770s and 1800. In places in the Interior it occurred later.
British Columbia, before the arrival of the Europeans, was home to many Indigenous peoples speaking more than 30 different languages, including Babine-Witsuwit'en, Danezaa (Beaver), Carrier, Chilcotin, Gitxsan, Haida, Halkomelem, Kaska, Kutenai, Lillooet, Nisga'a, Nuu-chah-nulth, Nuxalk, Sekani, Shuswap, Sinixt, Squamish, Tagish, Tahltan, Thompson, Tlingit, Tsetsaut, and Tsimshian. There was frequent contact between bands and voyages across the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca were common.
The abundance of natural resources, such as salmon and cedar, enabled the development of a complex hierarchical society within coastal communities. With so much food being available, the peoples of the coastal regions could focus their time on other pursuits such as art, politics, and warfare.
Early Spanish explorers[edit]
The first visitors to present-day British Columbia were Spanish sailors and other European sailors who sailed for the Spanish crown. There is some evidence that the Greek-born Juan de Fuca, who sailed for Spain and explored the West coast of North America in the 1590s, might have reached the passageway between Washington State and Vancouver Island—today known as the Strait of Juan de Fuca. (A later British explorer named Charles William Barkley named the passage after Juan de Fuca's reputed visit.)
There is not much evidence to suggest that European traders and explorers regularly came to present-day British Columbia in the 17th century.
The arrival of Europeans began to intensify in the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While there is a theory and some evidence that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbia Coast in 1579,[2][3][4] it is conventionally claimed that it was Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1775. In doing so, Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the whole of the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513, who declared the whole of the Pacific and its shores as part of the Spanish Empire.
In 1774, the Spanish navigator Juan José Pérez Hernández, a native of Mexico, sailed from San Blas, Nueva Galicia (modern-day Nayarit), with instructions to reach 60° north latitude to discover possible Russian settlements and take possession of the lands for the Spanish Crown. Hernández reached 55° north latitude, becoming the first European to sight the Queen Charlotte Islands and Vancouver Island. He traded with the natives near Estevan Point, although apparently without landing. The expedition was forced to return to Nueva Galicia, due to the lack of provisions.[5][6]
Since Pérez Hernández's first expedition failed to achieve its objective, the Spanish organized a second expedition in 1775 with the same goal. This expedition was commanded by Bruno de Heceta on board the Santiago, piloted by Pérez Hernández, and accompanied by Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra in La Sonora. After illnesses, storms, and other troubles had affected the expedition, de Heceta returned to Nueva Galicia, while Quadra kept on a northward course, ultimately reaching 59° North in what today is Sitka, Alaska.[7] During this expedition, the Spanish made sure to land several times and formally claim the lands for the Spanish Crown, while verifying the absence of Russian settlements along the coast. In the following years, several other Spanish expeditions would set sail from Nueva Galicia bound for the Pacific Northwest.
Three years later, in 1778, the British Royal Navy Captain James Cook arrived in the region, searching for the Northwest Passage, and successfully landed at Nootka Sound on Vancouver Island, where he and his crew traded with the Nuu-chah-nulth First Nation. Upon trading his goods for sea otter pelts, his crew in turn traded them for an enormous profit in Macau on their way back to Britain. This led to an influx of traders to the British Columbian coast, and ongoing economic contact with the aboriginal peoples there.
Early European villages (1788–1790s)[edit]




Nootka Sound marked in Vancouver Island.






Reconstruction of Fort San Miguel.






Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound. Volume I, plate VII from: "A Voyage of Discovery to the North Pacific Ocean and Round the World" by George Vancouver.


In 1788, John Meares, an English navigator and explorer, sailed from China and explored Nootka Sound and the neighbouring coasts. He bought some land from a local chief named Maquinna and built a trading post there.
Two years later, in 1789, the Spanish commander Esteban José Martínez, a native of Seville, established a settlement and started building a fort in Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound, which was named Fort San Miguel. This territory was already considered as part of New Spain by the Spanish due to the previous explorations of the region. Upon Martinez's arrival, a number of British ships were seized, including those of Captain Meares. This originated the Nootka Crisis, which almost led to a war between Britain and Spain. The controversy resulted in the abandonment of the Nootka Sound settlement by the Spanish. Some months later, Manuel Antonio Flores, Viceroy of New Spain, ordered a Francisco de Eliza to rebuild the fort. The expedition, composed of three ships, the Concepción, under the command of De Eliza, the San Carlos, under the command of Salvador Fidalgo and the Princesa Real, under the command of Manuel Quimper, sailed in early 1790 from San Blas in Nueva Galicia and arrived at Nootka Sound in April of that year. The expedition had many Catalan volunteers from the First Free Company of Volunteers of Catalonia, commanded by Pere d'Alberní, a native of Tortosa. The expedition rebuilt the fort, which had been dismantled after Martínez abandoned it. The rebuilt fort included several defensive constructions as well as a vegetable garden to ensure the settlement had food supplies. The Catalan volunteers left the fort in 1792 and Spanish influence in the region ended in 1795 after the Nootka Convention came into force.[8]
Late British expeditions (1790s–1821)[edit]
Subsequently, European explorer-merchants from the east started to discover British Columbia. Three figures dominate in the early history of mainland British Columbia: Sir Alexander Mackenzie, Simon Fraser, and David Thompson. As employees of the North West Company, the three were primarily concerned with discovering a practicable river route to the Pacific, specifically via the Columbia River, for the extension of the fur trade. In 1793, Mackenzie became the first European to reach the Pacific overland north of the Rio Grande. He and his crew entered the region through the Rocky Mountains via the Peace River, reaching the ocean at North Bentinck Arm, near present-day Bella Coola. Shortly thereafter, Mackenzie's companion, John Finlay, founded the first permanent European settlement in British Columbia, Fort St. John, located at the junction of the Beatton and Peace Rivers.
Simon Fraser was the next to try to find the course of the Columbia. During his expedition of 1805-09, Fraser and his crew, including John Stuart, explored much of the British Columbia interior, establishing several forts (Hudson's Hope, Trout Lake Fort, Fort George, Fort Fraser, and Fort St. James). Fraser's expedition took him down the river that now bears his name, to the site of present-day Vancouver. Although both Mackenzie and Fraser reached the Pacific, they found the routes they took impassable for trade. It was David Thompson who found the Columbia River and followed it down to its mouth in 1811. He was unable to establish a claim, however, for the American explorers Lewis and Clark had already claimed the territory for the United States of America six years earlier. The American Fur Company of John Jacob Astor had founded Fort Astoria just months before Thompson arrived, though within a year the local staff at Astoria sold the fort and others in the region to the North West Company, which renamed it Fort George. Though "returned" to US hands as a result of treaty complications at the end of the War of 1812, this meant only there was a parallel US fort adjacent to the NWC one, which was the more prosperous of the two. Following the forced merger of the North West Company and Hudson's Bay Company in 1821, Fort Vancouver was established as the new regional headquarters.
From fur trade districts to colonies (1821–1858)[edit]
Although technically a part of British North America, British Columbia was largely run by the Hudson's Bay Company after its merger with the North West Company in 1821. The Central Interior of the region was organized into the New Caledonia District, a name that came to be generally attributed to the mainland as a whole. It was administered from Fort St. James, about 150 km northwest of present-day Prince George. The Interior south of the Thompson River and north of California was named by the company the Columbia District, and was administered first from Fort Vancouver (present day Vancouver, Washington).
Throughout the 1820s and 1830s, the HBC controlled nearly all trading operations in the Pacific Northwest, based out of the company headquarters at Fort Vancouver on the Columbia River. Although authority over the region was nominally shared by the United States and Britain through the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, company policy, enforced via Chief Factor John McLoughlin of the company's Columbia District, was to discourage any settlement, including US settlement, of the territory. The company's effective monopoly on trade virtually forbade any settlement in the region. It established Fort Boise in 1834 (in present-day southwestern Idaho) to compete with the American Fort Hall, 483 km (300 mi) to the east. In 1837, it purchased Fort Hall, also along the route of the Oregon Trail, where the outpost director displayed the abandoned wagons of discouraged settlers to those seeking to move west along the trail.
Fort Vancouver was the nexus for the fur trade on the Pacific Coast; its influence reached from the Rocky Mountains to the Hawaiian Islands, and from Alaska into Mexican-controlled California. At its pinnacle, Fort Vancouver watched over 34 outposts, 24 ports, six ships, and 600 employees. Also, for many primarily American settlers the fort became the last stop on the Oregon Trail as they could get supplies before starting their homestead.
By 1843 the Hudson's Bay Company operated numerous posts in the Columbia Department, including Fort Vancouver, Fort George (Astoria), Fort Nisqually, Fort Umpqua, Fort Langley, Fort Colville, Fort Okanogan, Fort Kamloops, Fort Alexandria, Flathead Post, Kootanae House, Fort Boise, Fort Hall, Fort Simpson, Fort Taku, Fort McLoughlin (in Milbanke Sound), Fort Stikine, as well as a number of others.[9]
A very high degree of linguistic variation occurs in BC - a response to this was the development of a trade jargon - Chinook Jargon. Not a complete language it was used in trade, governance and some early writings- for example hymns.

By 1811 John Jacob Astor had founded Astoria, and ten years later the Hudson's Bay Company had established itself on the Columbia. In the meantime the explorers and traders had been coming by land. Somewhere and sometime during this period the existence of the (Chinook) Jargon became known. All the Indians talked it to each other and resorted to it in their conversations with the whites. Knowledge of this trade language became a necessary part of the trader's equipment.[10]

Fort Victoria was established as a trading post in 1843, both as a means to protect HBC interests, as well as to assert British claims to Vancouver Island and the adjacent Gulf Islands. The Gulf Islands and Strait of Juan de Fuca are the access point to Puget Sound as well as a fall back position in preparation for the "worst case" scenario settlement of the dispute, in the face of manifest destiny. Increasing numbers of American settlers arriving on the Oregon Trail gave rise to the Oregon boundary dispute. The Hudson's Bay Company dominated and controlled all territory north of the Columbia River. The British position was that a fair division of the Columbia District was a boundary at the Columbia River.
In 1844, the United States Democratic Party asserted that the U.S. had a legitimate claim to the entire Columbia District or Oregon Country, but President James Polk was prepared to draw the border along the 49th parallel, the longstanding U.S. proposal. When the British rejected this offer, Polk broke off negotiations, and American expansionists reasserted the claim, coining slogans (most famously "Fifty-Four Forty or Fight!"). With the outbreak of the Mexican-American War diverting attention and resources, Polk was again prepared to compromise. The Oregon boundary dispute was settled in the 1846 Treaty of Washington. The terms of the agreement established the border between British North America and the United States at the 49th parallel from the Rocky Mountains to the sea, the original American proposal, with all of Vancouver Island retained as British territory.
This effectively destroyed the geographical logic of the HBC's Columbia Department, since the lower Columbia River was the core and lifeline of the system. The U.S. soon organized its portion as the Oregon Territory. The administrative headquarters of fur operations, and of the Columbia Department, then shifted north to Fort Victoria, which had been founded by James Douglas.
In 1849, the Crown Colony of Vancouver Island was created; and in 1851, James Douglas was appointed Governor. Douglas, known as the father of British Columbia, established colonial institutions in Victoria. He started the process of expanding the economic base of the new colony by signing 14 treaties between 1850-1854 to purchase land for settlement and industrial development (coal deposits were known by the HWBC in the vicinities of Nanaimo and Fort Rupert).[11] Subsequent native population crashes later in the 19th century along with economic upheaval and native wars allowed his political successors to be much less consistent with British principles, treaties, and laws.
Meanwhile, on the mainland, New Caledonia continued to focus on the fur trade with few non-native inhabitants (mostly HBC employees and their families)[citation needed] under the administrative oversight of Douglas, who was also the HBC's regional chief executive. The Hudson's Bay Company like the previous French colony and North West Company of Montreal still officially discouraged settlement because it interfered with the lucrative fur trade. The fur trade was a mutually beneficial relationship between the local HBC trading fort and adjacent native tribes. American expansion and control of territory was predicated primarily by settlement of the land not commercial relationships with the existing local population.[12][13] The British made virtually no effort to assert sovereignty over the aboriginal peoples of the area. In accordance with the Royal Proclamation of 1763, large-scale settlement by non-aboriginal people was prohibited until the lands were surrendered by treaty.
Colonial British Columbia (1858–1871)[edit]
In 1858, gold was found along the banks of the Thompson River just east of what is now Lytton, British Columbia, triggering the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. When word got out to San Francisco about gold in British territory, Victoria was transformed overnight into a tent city as prospectors, speculators, land agents, and outfitters flooded in from around the world, mostly via San Francisco. The Hudson's Bay Company's Fort Langley burgeoned economically as the staging point for many of the prospectors heading by boat to the Canyon.
A wide range of linguistic diversity among First Nations and explorers/traders made communication difficult. Trade jargon, initially used by First Nations expanded and changed to include words from English and French to become the Chinook Jargon. Not a complete language, the jargon became widespread among First Nations and early Europeans to enable communication and trade. Though little used today a significant number of place names in British Columbia deprive from Chinook and early anthropologists sometimes recorded stories using the jargon.
At the time, the region was still not under formal colonial authority. Douglas, fearing challenges to the claim of British sovereignty in the region in the face of an influx of some 20,000 Americans, stationed a gunboat at the mouth of the Fraser in order to obtain license fees from those seeking to head upstream. The resolution of the Oregon Boundary Dispute whereby British interests, primarily the HBC, lost governance of all territory between the 49th Parallel and the Columbia River due to a sudden influx of American settlers 8 years previous.
Richard Clement Moody and the Royal Engineers[edit]
When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, the Colonial Office established the mainland as a Crown colony on August 2, 1858, naming it the Colony of British Columbia.[14] Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [15] and “found a second England on the shores of the Pacific”.[16] Lytton desired to send to the colony 'representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force’: he sought men who possessed ‘courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world’[17] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the archetypal 'English gentleman and British Officer’[18] at the head of the Columbia Detachment, which was created by an Act of the British Parliament on 2 August 1858. The Engineers were believed to exemplify the qualities sought by the Government.[19]




Col. Richard Moody, commander of the Columbia detachment


Moody arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary, and the two became close friends.
Ned McGowan's War[edit]
Moody had hoped to begin immediately the foundation of a capital city, but upon his arrival at Fort Langley he learned of an outbreak of violence at the settlement of Hill's Bar. This led to an incident popularly known as "Ned McGowan's War", where Moody led 22 Engineers and Judge Matthew Baillie Begbie to Yale to face down a group of rebellious American miners. Order was restored without further strict pain .
The Foundation of New Westminster[edit]
In British Columbia, Moody ‘wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness’ and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, ‘styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the Crown and of the robe’.[20] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[20] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,
"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[21][22]




Moody likened his vision of the nascent Colony of British Columbia to the pastoral scenes painted by Aelbert Cuyp


Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[23][24]
However, Lord Lytton 'forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town’ and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuous hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, 'made it impossible for [Moody’s] design to be fulfilled’.[25]
The feud between Moody and Governor James Douglas[edit]
Throughout his tenure in British Columbia, Richard Clement Moody was engaged in a bitter feud with Sir James Douglas, Governor of Vancouver Island, whose jurisdiction overlapped with his own. Moody’s position as Chief Commissioner and Lieutenant-Governor was one of ‘higher prestige [and] lesser authority' than that of Douglas, despite Moody's vastly superior social position in the eyes of the Engineers and the British Government: Moody had been selected by Lord Lytton due to his possession of the quality of the "archetypal English gentleman and British Officer", his family was "eminently respectable": he was the son of Colonel Thomas Moody (1779-1849), one of the wealthiest mercantilists in the West Indies, who owned much of the land in the islands where Douglas's father owned a small amount of land and from which Douglas's mother, "a half-breed", originated. Governor Douglas's ethnicity and made him ‘an affront to Victorian society’.[26] Mary Moody, the descendant of the Hawks industrial dynasty and the Boyd merchant banking family,[27] wrote on 4 August 1859 "it is not pleasant to serve under a Hudson's Bay Factor" and that the "Governor and Richard can never get on".[28] In letter to the Colonial Office of 27 December 1858, Richard Clement Moody boasts that he has ‘entirely disarmed [Douglas] of all jealously"[29] Douglas repeatedly insulted the Engineers by attempting to assume their command[30] and refusing to acknowledge their value in the nascent colony[31]
Margaret A. Ormsby, author of the Dictionary of Canadian Biography entry for Moody (2002), condemns Moody for a contribution to the abortive development of the city. However, most other historians have exonerated Moody for the abortive development of the city and consider his achievement to be impressive, especially with regard to the perpetual insufficiency of funds and the personally motivated opposition of Douglas, whose opposition to the project continually retarded its development. Robert Edgar Cail,[32] Don W. Thomson,[33] Ishiguro, and Scott have praised Moody for his contribution, the latter accusing Ormsby of being ‘adamant in her dislike of Colonel Moody’ despite the evidence,[34] and almost all biographies of Moody, including those of the Institute of Civil Engineers, the Royal Engineers, and the British Columbia Historical Association, are flattering.
Other developments[edit]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing. Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.




Frederick Seymour, second governor of the Colony of British Columbia, and his cat.


Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment was disbanded in July, 1863. The Moody family, only 22 men and 8 wives returned to England, while the rest, 130 sappers, elected to remain in BC.[35] Scott contends that the departure of the Engineers 'doomed' the development of the settlement and the fruition of Lord Lytton's dream.[36] Chartres Brew replaced Moody as land commissioner.
The Second Gold Rush[edit]
A second major gold rush in the Cariboo region of the colony occurred in 1861-64, in the midst of smaller ones, notably in the Omenica, Big Bend and on the Stikine. The influx of gold miners into B.C.'s economy led to the creation of basic infrastructure in B.C., most notably, the creation of the Cariboo Wagon Road which linked the Lower Mainland to the rich gold fields of Barkerville. However, the enormous costs of the road, and its predecessor the Douglas Road and services such as the Gold Escort, left B.C. in debt by the mid-1860s. In 1866, because of the massive debt leftover from the gold rush, the mainland and Vancouver Island became one colony named British Columbia, with its capital in Victoria.
On Vancouver Island settlement and industrial development took place along the shorelines. For example, see the 19th century settlement in Comox or Colony of Vancouver Island.
Annexation debate[edit]
In 1867, there were three options open: to continue as a British colony, to be annexed by the United States, or to confederate with the newly formed Dominion of Canada.[37][38] In Britain, many Little Englanders expected, or even hoped, that its North American colonies would depart from the British Empire.[39] Admiral Joseph Denman told the Admiralty that British Columbia did not deserve Royal Navy protection, and advised the British government to "divest herself of these possessions by any means consistent with honour".[40] Secretary of State for the Colonies Lord Granville stated his wish that British North America "would propose to be independent and annex themselves". The Times' view was the British consensus:

British Columbia is a long way off. ... With the exception of a limited official class it receives few immigrants from England, and a large proportion of its inhabitants consists of citizens of the United States who have entered it from the south. Suppose that the colonists met together and came to the conclusion that every natural motive of contiguity, similarity of interests, and facility of administration induced them to think it more convenient to slip into the Union than into the Dominion. ... We all know that we should not attempt to withstand them.[41]

Financially, becoming officially part of the United States made sense since British Columbia was economically essentially a satellite of San Francisco—the most important city of the entire American west and North America's Pacific coast—Washington, and Oregon, which provided all of the colony's supplies despite a substantial American tariff. American currency circulated widely in the colony, whose nearest British neighbors were Red River 2,000 miles to the east, and Hong Kong to the west.[39][41] San Francisco's population in the 1860s exceeded 60,000, while Victoria's never rose above 4,000. All mail from British Columbia went through San Francisco, forcing the colony's post office to keep large amounts of American postage stamps.[42]:184,186–187 The opening of the American transcontinental railroad in 1869 made it possible to travel by ship from Victoria to San Francisco, then by train to Ottawa or Washington in just 24 days. With the gold now gone, most of the American miners had left, and the economic future did not look promising unless B.C. could join the very rapidly growing, rich economies of the Pacific states.
While American residents of British Columbia celebrated the United States' purchase of Alaska in 1867, having American territory to their north and south caused British residents' fears for the future of their colony to grow.[43] Alaska was part of American Secretary of State William H. Seward's plan to incorporate the entire northwest Pacific Coast, chiefly for the long-term commercial advantages to the United States in terms of Pacific trade. Seward believed that the people in British Columbia wanted annexation and that Britain would accept this in exchange for the Alabama claims. In the event, Seward dropped the idea of an exchange and accepted an arbitration plan that settled the Alabama claims for cash.[44] When a false report circulated in April, soon after the Alaska news, that the British government was considering settling the claims by ceding the colony, a substantial annexation movement appeared supported by many residents and three of the colony's six newspapers.[43]
Anti-confederationists, who were not necessarily annexationists, were the majority on Vancouver Island. That said, annexationists argued that the colony would never be able to negotiate with the United States a free trade agreement similar to the Reciprocity Treaty of 1854, and that annexation would end the disadvantage of the American tariff. Most Canadian-born residents supported confederation with their land of origin but were not very popular, as many in the colony believed that they sent their money home instead of spending it in British Columbia as the American-born colonists did. Residents of the mainland almost unanimously supported confederation with the rest of British North America; they argued that this would benefit the colony as Canada would soon negotiate another reciprocity treaty. Many British-born colonists were on both sides.[41][42]:190–192,208–209
Representative Nathaniel P. Banks of Massachusetts' Annexation Bill of 1866 offered voluntary annexation to British North America, including territorial status for Vancouver Island and British Columbia together as the "territory of Columbia". The bill was unsuccessful, as was Senator Alexander Ramsey of Minnesota's 1867 proposal that the United States, as part of another reciprocity treaty with Canada, offer $6 million to the Hudson's Bay Company for the territory west of the 90th longitude. The US would assume British Columbia's $2 million debt, and subsidize the Northern Pacific Railway to build a road to Puget Sound.[42]:196–198 Two American military officers, who travelled throughout British Columbia for two months while arranging for supply of occupation troops in Alaska, wrote a detailed report to Washington in November 1867 of their belief that a majority of residents supported annexation. They claimed that "[i]t did not become necessary in a single instance to broach the subject of the cession of that territory to the United States, for it was the constant theme of conversation". Employees of the Hudson's Bay Company were said to be especially supportive, although they and many others could not make their opinion public because of fears of being denounced as disloyal.[43] A majority of British Columbians never publicly supported American annexation, however, and support for joining Canada grew over time;[39] in particular, annexationists failed to persuade the anti-confederation Hudson's Bay Company officials and their friends that dominated Vancouver Island politics.[42]:209 Accusations that "American gold" and "American greenbacks" funded "renegade Englishmen" likely hurt annexation support; whether the US officers' belief of the existence of widespread covert support was correct, by October 1867 annexation no longer appeared as a topic in British Columbia newspapers or documents.[43]
Until the Alaska Purchase and the new Dominion status[45] (which were almost simultaneous), the British had been indifferent to the fate of British Columbia. London now paid attention, and realized the value of B.C. as a base for its imperial trade opportunities in the Pacific and the need of the Royal Navy for a station in the region.[46] By 1868 public opinion was likely on the confederation side. Annexationists (or, at least, anti-confederationists) were in control of the Legislative Council of British Columbia, however, and in February 1869 passed a resolution opposing confederation;[42]:213[41] until his death the colonial governor, Frederick Seymour, also opposed confederation. Successor Anthony Musgrave supported confederation (after being unsuccessful in bringing Newfoundland into Canada)[42]:192 but due to an accident was delayed in his duties; meanwhile, annexation support revived during the winter of 1869-1870.[41] One hundred four individuals, about one percent of the white population of the colony, signed an 1869 petition to President Ulysses S. Grant asking for annexation. While there is no reason to believe that they accurately represented the majority opinion, it is true that many colonists viewed Washington and London as equal competitors for British Columbia's loyalty depending on who offered more incentives, while Ottawa was more foreign and less familiar.[42]:206–208
In August 1869 Lord Granville communicated London's new view of British Columbia when he wrote to Musgrave, "I have no hesitation in stating that [support of confederation] is also the opinion of Her Majesty's Government."[42]:195 In February 1870 Musgrave successfully persuaded the Legislative Council to pass a resolution supporting confederation with Canada. Many British-born colonists now supported confederation as the best way to maintain a connection with Britain. By April the Victoria Colonist reported that a mass meeting in Victoria supported confederation while "the most vague hint in the direction of annexation was met with a howl of execration".[41][42]:214 Musgrave proposed an attractive plan for joining Canada, with the Dominion assuming the colony's debt and building a new Canadian transcontinental railway that would eliminate the reliance on the American railroad. Meanwhile, the United States was so focused on issues of Reconstruction, that few Americans picked up on Seward's grand dream to expand Manifest Destiny to the Pacific.[47][48][40]
Entry into Canada (1871–1900)[edit]
See also: British Columbia § Rapid growth and development




1896 map of British Columbia showing federal electoral districts.






A map produced in London in 1873 to facilitate emigration to British Columbia showing the natural resources of the new province.


Both the depressed economic situation arising from the collapse of the gold rushes, as well as a desire for the establishment of truly responsible and representative government, led to enormous domestic pressure for British Columbia to join the Canadian Confederation, which had been proclaimed in 1867. The Confederation League, spearheaded by three future premiers of the province — Amor De Cosmos, Robert Beaven, and John Robson — took a leading role in pushing the colony towards this goal. And so it was on July 20, 1871, that British Columbia became the sixth province to join Canada. In return for entering Confederation, Canada absorbed B.C.'s massive debt, and promised to build a railway from Montreal to the Pacific coast within 10 years.
Contrary to popular belief British Columbia did not demand a transcontinental railroad as a condition of confederation; its delegates expected a wagon road, but John A. Macdonald's national government proposed the railroad as a substitute, with Ottawa and London viewing it as a way of connecting not just British Columbia but the prairies with the rest of the British Empire.[42]:235–236 The promise of a railroad became, however, the most important reason for British Columbia to stay within Canada. The provincial legislature threatened to secede in 1878 because Macdonald's successor Alexander Mackenzie, whose Liberal Party had opposed the railroad, attempted to modify the promise; Macdonald's return to power that year likely kept British Columbia from departing Canada.[41][42]:236–238 In fulfillment of the promise, the last spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway was driven in Craigellachie on 7 November 1885. (No good road yet existed between British Columbia and other provinces; until the completion of the Trans-Canada Highway automobiles had to enter the United States to travel to eastern Canada.)[42]:240–241,406
The mining frontier in B.C. led to the creation of many mines and smelters, mostly through American investment. One of the world's largest smelters still exists today in Trail. The capital and work to be found in B.C. during the turn of the 19th century to the 20th century led to the creation of several new towns in B.C. such as Nelson, Nakusp, Slocan, Kimberley, Castlegar, Rossland, and Salmo. A large coal empire run by Robert Dunsmuir, and his son and later premier, James Dunsmuir also developed on Vancouver Island during this era.
As the economy on the mainland continued to improve as a result of improved transportation and increased settlement, other resource-based economic activity began to flourish. Throughout the latter half of the nineteenth century, fishing, forestry, and farming (including the planting of extensive orchards in the Okanagan region) became the "three F's" on which the new province built its economy — a situation that persisted well into the late twentieth century.
With the booming economy came the expansion of the original fur trading posts into thriving communities (such as Victoria, Nanaimo, and Kamloops). It also led to the establishment of new communities, such as Yale, New Westminster, and — most notably, though a latecomer — Vancouver. The product of the consolidation of the burgeoning mill towns of Granville and Hastings Mill located near the mouth of the Fraser on Burrard Inlet in the later 1860s, Vancouver was incorporated in 1886 following its selection as the railhead for the Canadian Pacific Railway. Despite a devastating fire which all but wiped out the city three months later, Vancouver quickly became the largest city in the province, its ports conveying both the resource wealth of the province as well as that transported from the prairie provinces by rail, to markets overseas. Vancouver's status as the principal city in the province has endured, augmented by growth in the surrounding municipalities of Richmond, Burnaby, Surrey, Delta, Coquitlam, and New Westminster. Today, Metro Vancouver is the third most populous metropolitan area in Canada, behind Toronto and Montreal.
It was also during this period where ethnic diversity began to develop significantly, as immigration was not fed entirely by European countries. Chinese and Japanese emigrants made many coastal settlements home, beginning in the 1850s, and became increasingly more pronounced in the 1880s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




Truck loaded with logs on temporary logging road, BC 1936


Since the days of the fur trade, British Columbia's economy has been based on natural resources, particularly fishing, logging and mining. From the canneries to the mills and mines, B.C.'s resource sector was increasingly the domain of large commercial interests.
With industrialization and economic growth, workers arrived to join in the seemingly boundless prosperity. Increasingly, these workers came from Asia as well as Europe. The mix of cultures and diversity was a source of strength, but also, often, of conflict. The early part of the 20th century was a time of great change and talk between immigrants and the First Nations, all of whom found their lives changing rapidly.
Rise of the labour movement[edit]
The dominance of the economy by big business was accompanied by an often militant labour movement. The first major sympathy strike was in 1903 when railway employees struck against the CPR for union recognition. Labour leader Frank Rogers was killed while picketing at the docks by CPR police during that strike, becoming the British Columbia movement's first martyr.[49] Canada's first general strike occurred following the death of another labour leader, Ginger Goodwin, in 1918, at the Cumberland coal mines on Vancouver Island.[50] A lull in industrial tensions through the later 1920s came to an abrupt end with the Great Depression. Most of the 1930s strikes were led by Communist Party organizers.[51] That strike wave peaked in 1935 when unemployed men flooded the city to protest conditions in the relief camps run by the military in remote areas throughout the province. After two tense months of daily and disruptive protesting, the relief camp strikers decided to take their grievances to the federal government and embarked on the On-to-Ottawa Trek,[52] but their commandeered train was met by a gatling gun at Hatzic, just east of Mission City, and the strikers arrested and interned in work camps for the duration of the Depression.[53]
Race and ethnic relations[edit]




The Komagata Maru and HMCS Rainbow


At the time that BC was settled the ideology of the British Empire, and of many of its colonial settlers was based on an assumption of superiority, often racial superiority based on the pseudo-science of Race. Racism and a desire to create a white colony were widespread. The scientific thinking of Charles Darwin was used to develop a theory of the races, which is today completely discredited - came to be known as Social Darwinism.
Under the ideology of Social Darwinism a series of restrictive laws were passed, by both federal and provincial levels of government. The Potlatch Ban outlawed First Nations cultural and spiritual practices,[54] non-white people were denied the vote - specifically First Nations, Chinese and Japanese people were not eligible to vote.
During the 20th century, many immigrant groups arrived in British Columbia and today, Vancouver is the second most ethnically diverse city in Canada, only behind Toronto. In 1886, a head tax was imposed on the Chinese, which reached as much as $500 per person to enter Canada by 1904. By 1923 the government passed the Chinese Immigration Act, which prohibited all Chinese immigration until 1947. Sikhs had to face an amended Immigration Act in 1908 that required Sikhs to have $200 on arrival in Canada, and immigration would be allowed only if the passenger had arrived by continuous journey from India, which was impossible. Perhaps the most famous incident of anti-Sikh racism in B.C. was in 1914 when the Komagata Maru arrived in Vancouver harbour with 376 Sikhs aboard, of whom only 20 were allowed entry. The Komagata Maru spent two months in harbour while the Khalsa Society went through the courts to appeal their case. The Khalsa Society also kept the passengers on the Komagata Maru alive during those two months. When the case was lost, HMCS Rainbow, a Royal Canadian Navy cruiser, escorted the Komagata Maru out to sea while thousands of Caucasians cheered from the seawall of Stanley Park.
During the Second World War, security concerns following the bombing of Pearl Harbor and Canada's entry into the war versus Japan led to controversial measures. The local Japanese-Canadian population was openly discriminated against, being put in internment camps. The Pacific Coast Militia Rangers were formed in 1942 in order to provide an armed presence on the coast in addition to the pre-war fortress garrisons, which were expanded after hostilities. Japanese military attacks against BC amounted to a small number of parachute bombs released from great distance away and by the middle of 1942 the threat of direct attack diminished following defeat at the Battle of Midway by US forces.
Prohibition[edit]
Alcohol was prohibited in British Columbia for about four years, from 1917 to 1921. A referendum in 1916 asked BC citizens whether they approved of making alcohol illegal (the other question was whether women had the right to vote). The contested results rejecting prohibition led to a major political scandal that subsequently saw the referendum being overturned and alcohol prohibited.[55] However, by 1921 the failures were so apparent—a thriving black market, arbitrary (often class- and race-based) enforcement and punishment, rampant corruption—that alcohol was established as a commodity subject to government regulation and taxation as it is today. U.S. prohibition in the 1920s and early 1930s led to a thriving business of producing and smuggling alcohol to quench the thirst of BC's southern neighbors. Many of Vancouver's richest families built or consolidated their fortunes in the rum-running business. Some compare today's robust cannabis-growing industry in BC (the number-one cash crop) to this earlier era.[56]
World War II contributions[edit]
A Pacific Command was created in 1942 also, and was disbanded in 1945. During the war a range of coastal defences were constructed, including harbour defences for Vancouver. Today's Museum of Anthropology at UBC sits atop the foundation for gun batteries that were used to command Vancouver Harbour approaches.
Militia units from southern BC provided cadres for many regiments that eventually fought in Europe. The Rocky Mountain Rangers sent a battalion to fight the Japanese in the Battle of the Aleutian Islands in 1943. Thousands more British Columbians volunteered for the Royal Canadian Navy and Royal Canadian Air Force. Two soldiers, Ernest Alvia Smith and John Keefer Mahony, were awarded the Victoria Cross for actions with BC-based regiments in Italy.
Columbia River Treaty[edit]
In 1961, British Columbia ratified the Columbia River Treaty which required the building of three large dams in British Columbia in return for financial compensation related to U.S. hydroelectric power production enabled by the dams. The dams flooded large areas within British Columbia, but would prove to be a very stable and renewable source of power for the province.
21st century[edit]
If the 20th century can be said to have been (see above) one of ethnocultural strife, the 21st thus far can be said to be one of relative harmony. One of the first pronouncements of Stephen Harper, upon his victory in the 39th general election to the Parliament in Ottawa, was that proper redress would be afforded the payers of the Chinese head tax. [57] On 22 June 2006, he offered an apology and $20,000 compensation for the head tax once paid by Chinese immigrants.[58] Asian people, at 20.2% of the total population, were in the 2006 census by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.[59]
The Chinese appeasement policies continue to bear fruit. Whereas prior to 2009 the Federal government was ill-disposed toward the Chinese,[60] by spring of that year the China Investment Corporation was able to purchase of a 17% share fraction of the Vancouver miner Teck Resources.[61] The transition of views on the Chinese government has been unprecedented, from one of fear[62] to one of official cooperation[63][64] in the space of five years, and in the face of popular trepidation.[65] In November 2013, British Columbia finance minister Mike de Jong reported a successful placement of Chinese RMB$2.5bn in dim sum bonds.[66]
The province hosted the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler.
Crimes[edit]

The scandal of the December 2003 BC Legislature Raids, which led to the October 2010 conviction of Dave Basi and Bob Virk, ministerial aides to Gary Collins and Janet Reid, respectively,[67] involved "bribes - cash, meals and NFL tickets - in exchange for leaking confidential [information] about the sale" of BC Rail.[67] The case set precedent in R. v. Basi, according to which defendants' counsel may participate at pre-trial hearings involving a police informant.
Although Robert Pickton had apparently claimed responsibility for 49 murders at or near his pig farm in Port Coquitlam, at trial by jury in 2007 he was only convicted of six.
On 14 October 2007, Robert Dziekański was tasered by a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer. The incident might have been unreported, but for the cell-phone video taken by eyewitness Paul Pritchard. It took six years for the provincial coroner to determine that death of Dziekanski was a homicide.[68]
A drug dealer who failed to pay $100,000 to the Red Scorpion gang for trafficking on the its turf was the catalyst for the execution of six people in a Surrey high rise in 2007.[69]

Civil amercement[edit]
After a scandal-filled second term for the BC NDP government, the BC Liberals won the 2001 election with the biggest landslide in BC history: 77 of 79 seats. Gordon Campbell became the seventh premier in ten years, and the first Liberal premier in almost 50 years. On 25 November 2005, the Civil Forfeiture Act (CFA) was passed by Campbell's second government with a 3:2 majority. This Act followed Ontario's Civil Remedies Act, which had passed in November 2003.[70] This Act makes it possible for the government to amerce or to seize property without due process, and the Civil Forfeiture Office (CFO) has been eager to use this power in order to fill the coffers of government.[71][72] The office does not need criminal charges, or convictions, to amerce a property.[72] Bill 5 was introduced by Solicitor-General Rich Coleman, who made liberal use of the "organised crime" fear, uncertainty and doubt tactic.[73] He also mentioned that Ontario, Manitoba and Alberta had also recently introduced similar legislation.[73]
The Act, which was brought in with "organised crime" as the target, since at least 2007 has been expanded to target ordinary citizens. In latter-day practice, amercements may include partial (Jang) or full seizure (Lloydsmith, Rai) of a house.[70] On 4 May 2011, Solicitor-General Shirley Bond of Christy Clark's first government introduced the concept of "administrative forfeiture", under which a civil court is no longer required to judge amercements of property worth less than $75,000.[70] The CFO moved in summer 2012 to seize the Guide Certificate of Robert Milligan, a certain way to destroy his livelihood.[70] The CFO has a budgetary target.[72] Offences under the Motor Vehicle Act, Wildlife Act and Employment Standards Act are now pursued by the CFO.[72] The public is now bribed with the proceeds, for example, violence-prevention projects at six schools, an anti-gang campaign, women and family violence programs and a workshop on sexual exploitation awareness.[72] Justice Minister Suzanne Anton expressed unreserved support for the CFO and CFA in a January 2014 interview.[72]
First Nations[edit]
The legacy of British Imperialism in BC is unusual in that neither conquest nor treaties were undertaken as settlement occurred under the doctrine of Terra Nullius. With few exceptions (the Douglas Treaties of Fort Rupert and southern Vancouver Island) no treaties were signed. Some early settlers assumed, based on the catastrophic population crash of First Nations peoples linked to smallpox, and racist ideas that 'Indians' were a dying race led to a lack of action to deal with what was then termed the 'Indian Land Question'.
Upon Confederation the federal government assumed responsibility for Indians and lands reserved for Indians, while the province had responsibility for non-Aboriginal civil matters and resources. The 1913 McKenna-McBride Royal Commission made some amendments to lands but failed to deal with issues pertaining to title and First Nations rights. Several delegations to Ottawa and London were sent by First Nations seeking redress for grievances, to little avail. Instead the Indian Act, federal legislation governing First Nations, was amended to make it a crime to organize or engage legal council. Other oppressive measure also accompanied the amendment including the Potlatch Ban and the increasingly applied Indian Residential School system designed to assimilate First Nations.
The status of the First Nations (Aboriginal) people of British Columbia is a long-standing problem that has become a major issue in recent years. First Nations were confined to tiny reserves that no longer provide an economic base. They were provided with inadequate education and discriminated against in numerous ways. In many areas they were excluded from restaurants and other establishments. Status Indians gained the right to vote in 1960. They were prohibited from possessing alcohol, which rather than preventing problems with this drug, exacerbated them by fostering unhealthy patterns of consumption such as binge drinking.[citation needed] Certain privileges of status Indians are governed by the Indian Act. With the exception of what are known as the Douglas Treaties, negotiated by Sir James Douglas with the native people of the Victoria area, no treaties were signed in British Columbia until 1998. Many native people wished to negotiate treaties, but the province refused until 1990. Another major development was the 1997 decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in the Delgamuukw v. British Columbia case that aboriginal title still exists in British Columbia.
60% of First Nations in British Columbia are aligned with the First Nations Summit. This brings a total of 58 First Nations, but only 20 are said to be in active negotiations. Three Final Agreements have been settled, with one being rejected by Lheidli T'enneh in 2007. The other two, the Maa-nulth treaty group, a 5 Nuu-chah-nulth member group, and the Tsawwassen First Nation. Although these treaties have yet to be ratified by Parliament in Ottawa and Legislature in Victoria, neighbouring First Nations are seeking to block these treaties in the courts. A group of Vancouver Island and some mainland First Nations, the WSANEC, Lekwungen, and Semiahmoo, are seeking to block to Tsawwassen First Nation treaty, claiming infringement on their rights and land titles. On the west coast of Vancouver Island, the Ditidaht First Nation is doing the same against the Maa-nulth treaty group. The only treaty signed in recent years, the Nisga'a Treaty (1998), was negotiated outside of the current treaty process. There is considerable disagreement about treaty negotiations. Among indigenous people, there is mounting criticism of extinguishment of Aboriginal title and continued assimilation strategies by attempting to change the indigenous peoples from nations to municipal style government. Therefore, a substantial number of First Nations governments consider the current treaty process inadequate and have refused to participate.[citation needed]
A November 2007 court ruling for the Xeni Gwet'in First Nation called future participation in the process into question. The judge ruled that the Xeni Gwet'in could demonstrate aboriginal title to half of the Nemaia Valley, and that the province had no power over these lands.[74] Under the BC treaty process, negotiating nations have received as little as 5% of their claimed land recognized. Grand Chief Stewart Phillip, president of the Union of B.C. Indian Chiefs, called the court victory a "nail in the coffin" of the B.C. treaty process.[74]
See also[edit]

Outline of British Columbia § History of British Columbia

Indigenous peoples[edit]





Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast
Dane-zaa
Dakelh

Babine
Wet'suwet'en


Syilx




Haida people
Heiltsuk
Sto:lo
Kaska Dena
Ktunaxa
Kwakwaka'wakw
Gitxsan
Musqueam




St'at'imc

In-SHUCK-ch Nation
Lil'wat


Nisga'a
Nuu-chah-nulth
Nuxalk
Sekani
Wuikinuxv




Secwepemc
Sinixt
Squamish people
Tagish
Tahltan
Haisla
Nicola




Tsilhqot'in
Nlaka'pamux
Tlingit
Tsetsaut
Tsimshian
Saulteaux





European empires[edit]

Former colonies and territories in Canada
Spanish Empire
Russian Empire
British Empire

Important figures[edit]
By nationality, in chronological order of influence to the region:

Natives:

Maquinna, Nuu-chah-nulth chief
Chief Nicola, leader of the eponymous Nicola people and Grand Chief of the Okanagan
Klattasine (Klatsassan), Tsilhqot'in chief
Joe Capilano (Khatsahlano), Squamish chief
Chief Dan George, Tsleil-waututh (Burrard) chief and actor


Spaniards:

Vasco Núñez de Balboa (1475–1519), Spanish explorer and conquistador from Jerez de los Caballeros, claimed possession of the Pacific Ocean and all adjoining lands in the name of the Spanish sovereigns in 1513.
Juan José Pérez Hernández (1725–1775), Majorcan born Spanish explorer, first European to explore the region in 1774.
Bruno de Heceta (1744–1807), Basque born Spanish explorer, explored the region in 1775.
Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra (1743–1794), Liman born Spanish explorer, explored the region in an expedition in 1775 along with Bruno de Heceta.
Esteban José Martínez, Sevillan born Spanish explorer who founded the Spanish fort in Nootka Sound in 1789. It can be considered the first formal colony in the region (prior to that there was only a trade post founded by the Englishman John Meares).
Gonzalo López de Haro, accompanied Esteban José Martínez in the 1789 expedition.
Francisco de Eliza, made an expedition to Nootka Sound in 1790 to rebuild the Spanish fort abandoned by Esteban José Martínez.
Pere d'Alberní (1747–1802), Catalan born Spanish soldier and explorer from Tortosa, Captain of the First Free Company of Volunteers of Catalonia appointed in Nootka Sound. His mission was to rebuild the fort, after Esteban José Martínez had abandoned it. He went with his company in the expedition of Francisco de Eliza, in 1790.
Salvador Fidalgo, Catalan born Spanish explorer from La Seu d'Urgell, made an expedition to Nootka Sound in 1790.
José María Narváez, Spanish explorer, discovered Point Grey (modern day Vancouver, British Columbia) on July 5, 1791.
Dionisio Alcalá Galiano, explorer commissioned by the King; first European to circumnavigate Vancouver Island, and author of the "Relacion".


British or from the British Isles

Francis Drake, British privateer
James Cook, British explorer
John Meares, British explorer
George Vancouver, British explorer
Alexander Mackenzie, British explorer
David Thompson, British explorer
James Douglas, first Governor of British Columbia
Matthew Baillie Begbie, first Chief Justice of British Columbia


The Canadas and the Maritimes

Simon Fraser, fur company explorer
Francis Jones Barnard, expressman and entrepreneur (Ontario)
Amor de Cosmos, newspaperman and Premier (Nova Scotia)
W.A.C. Bennett, retailer and Premier (New Brunswick)



Places[edit]





Pacific Northwest
Alaska
British Columbia
Colony of British Columbia
New Caledonia




Columbia District
Washington
Oregon
Oregon Country
British Columbia ghost towns




Stikine Territory
Queen Charlotte Islands
Vancouver Island
Colony of Vancouver Island
Nootka Sound





Events[edit]





Nootka Crisis
Nootka Convention
Oregon Treaty
British Columbia Gold Rushes




Oregon boundary dispute
Alaska Boundary Dispute
Pig War




Columbia River Treaty
Komagata Maru
Japanese Canadian internment





Other history articles[edit]

Heritage Minutes
History of the west coast of North America
List of ships in British Columbia
List of Royal Navy ships in the Pacific Northwest
History of Squamish and Tsleil-Waututh longshoremen, 1863-1963

References[edit]


^ Chad Reimer "Ormsby, Margaret A." in Kelly Boyd, ed. (1999). Encyclopedia of Historians and Historical Writing, vol. 2. p. 886. ISBN 9781884964336. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Book Review: The Secret Voyage of Sir Francis Drake, Macleans magazine, July 18, 2003, quoted entire in The Canadian Encyclopedia
^ Sir Francis Drake article, The Canadian Encyclopedia
^ Another victory for Drake: Amateur treasure hunter's coin find proves English hero discovered Canada before the Spanish, AP Reporter, Daily Mail, London, March 14 2014
^ Centro de Investigación Científica y de Educación Superior de Ensenada
^ Nootka Sound Service LTD's website
^ The Online Encyclopedia of Washington State History
^ Catalans al Canadà, page 7, study from the Fundació d'Estudis Històrics de Catalunya
^ Mackie, Richard Somerset (1997). Trading Beyond the Mountains: The British Fur Trade on the Pacific 1793-1843. Vancouver: University of British Columbia (UBC) Press. p. 250. ISBN 0-7748-0613-3.  online at Google Books
^ Thomas, Edward Harper. Chinook: A History and Dictionary. Portland, Ore. Winford & Morts. 1935. ISBN 0-8323-0217-1
^ "First Nations Negotiations - Province of British Columbia". Gov.bc.ca. Retrieved 2017-04-21. 
^ The Canadian Frontier 1534-1760 by W.J. Eccles.
^ Superior Rendezvous Place Fort William in the Canadian Fur Trade by J. Morrison
^ It was named after the Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company, which in turn was named after the Columbia River. Ged Martin, "The Naming of British Columbia," Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies, Vol. 10, No. 3 (Autumn, 1978), pp. 257-263 in JSTOR
^ Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 7–27. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Ormsby
^ "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved 3 November 2016. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 19–20. 
^ Howard, Joseph Jackson (1893–1906). Heraldic Visitation of England and Wales. 8. pp. 161–164.
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 23. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 25. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 109. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 115–117. 
^ Cail, Robert Edgar (1974). Land, Man, and the Law: The Disposal of Crown Lands in British Columbia, 1871 -1913, Vancouver, University of British Columbia. p. 60. 
^ Thomson, Don W. (1966). Men and Meridians, Vol. 1. Ottawa, Department of Mines and Technical Surveys, Government of Canada. p. 282. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 131. 
^ Ormsby.
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 137. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia (1991) p. 91
^ Charles Hou and Marlena Morgan, eds. The Destiny of British Columbia: confederation or annexation? (1984)
^ a b c Sage, Walter N. (1932). "The Critical Period of British Columbia History, 1866-1871". Pacific Historical Review. 1 (4): 424–443. JSTOR 3633112. doi:10.2307/3633112. 
^ a b David E. Shi, "Seward's Attempt to Annex British Columbia, 1865-1869," Pacific Historical Review, May 1978, Vol. 47 Issue 2, pp 217-238 in JSTOR
^ a b c d e f g Keenlyside, Hugh LL.; Brown, Gerald S. (1952). Canada and the United States: Some Aspects of Their Historical Relations. Alfred A. Knopf. pp. 129–136. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Howay, F. W.; Sage, W. N.; Angus, H. F. (1942). British Columbia and the United States: The North Pacific Slope from Fur Trade to Aviation. Toronto: The Ryerson Press. 
^ a b c d Neunherz, R. E. (1989). ""Hemmed In": Reactions in British Columbia to the Purchase of Russian America". The Pacific Northwest Quarterly. 80 (3): 101–111. JSTOR 40491056. doi:10.2307/40491056 (inactive 2017-01-31). 
^ Charles Emmerson, The Future History of the Arctic (2010) p 74
^ Reginald Trotter, "Canada as a Factor in Anglo-American Relations in the 1860s," Canadian Historical Review, (1935) 16:354.
^ John Herd Thompson and Stephen J. Randall, Canada and the United States: Ambivalent Allies (4th ed. 2008) pp 46-7
^ Barman, The West Beyond the West (1991) pp 91-97
^ Doris W. Dashew, "The Story of An Illusion: The Plan to Trade 'Alabama' Claims for Canada," Civil War History, Dec 1969, Vol. 15 Issue 4, pp 332-348
^ Phillips, Paul A. (1967). No Power Greater: A Century of Labour in British Columbia. Vancouver: BC Federation of Labour/Boag Foundation. pp. 39–41. 
^ Phillips, Paul A. (1967). No Power Greater: A Century of Labour in British Columbia. Vancouver: BC Federation of Labour/Boag Foundation. pp. 71–74. 
^ Manley, John (1994). "Canadian Communists, Revolutionary Unionism, and the 'Third Period': The Workers' Unity League," (PDF). Journal of the Canadian Historical Association, New Series. 5: 167–194. 
^ Brown, Lorne (1987). When Freedom was Lost: The Unemployed, the Agitator, and the State. Montreal: Black Rose Books. ISBN 978-0-920057-77-3. 
^ Carved From Wood: A History of Mission 1861-1992, Andreas Schroeder, publ. Mission Foundation (1991), 227 pp., ASIN: B000WB9TWM
^ Cole, Douglas & Ira Chaiken 'An Iron Hand Upon the People: The Law against the Potlatch on the Northwest Coast.' Douglas & McIntyre. Vancouver. 1990
^ "Electoral History," Elections BC
^ Haddow, Douglas (5 August 2010). "Marijuana may cause Canada's economic comedown". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 August 2010. 
^ "CCNC Press Release - Chinese Canadians welcome New Year's promise on Head Tax Redress from PM Designate Stephen Harper". Ccnc.ca. 2006-01-26. Retrieved 2013-09-16. 
^ Office of the Prime Minister (2006). "Address by the Prime Minister on the Chinese Head Tax Redress". Government of Canada. Retrieved 2006-08-08. 
^ "Statistics Canada. "Canada’s Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories"".
^ Toronto Star: "China fishes for secrets in rich, vulnerable waters" 11 Dec 2007
^ G+M "The man behind the Teck-CIC deal" 3 Jul 2009
^ Boesveld, Sarah. "Government infiltrated by spies, CSIS boss says". Toronto: The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 5 July 2010. 
^ G+M: "Clark, Robertson to lead B.C. trade missions to Asia" 22 Oct 2013
^ "B.C. and China endorse partnerships" 26 Nov 2013
^ thetyee.ca: "BC Premier Urged to Consider Fast Legal Action Against China Treaty" 24 Oct 2013
^ "Canadian Province Issues Offshore Yuan-Denominated Bonds" 5 Nov 2013
^ a b G+M: "BC Rail trial ends after deal reached" (Mason) 18 Oct 2010
^ "Dziekanski death at hands of RCMP a homicide, B.C. coroner rules". CBC News. The Canadian Press. 8 April 2013. Retrieved 2013-04-11. 
^ news24.com: "Dead drug dealer failed to pay gang, 'Surrey Six' trial hears" 19 Dec 2013
^ a b c d G+M "Timeline: How B.C. has seized $41-million in property in nearly eight years" 25 Jan 2014
^ G+M: "B.C. Opposition plans to question scope of ‘cash cow’ office that seizes property" 28 Jan 2014
^ a b c d e f G+M: "WHEN THE PROVINCE GOES AFTER ILL-GOTTEN GAINS, WHO PAYS?" 25 Jan 2014
^ a b "Official Report of DEBATES OF THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY (Hansard) MONDAY, MARCH 7, 2005 Afternoon Sitting Volume 27, Number 27"
^ a b Huge win for Interior natives, The Province, November 22, 2007


Further reading[edit]
This is a basic guide to major works. For a more extensive guide to resources, see Bibliography of British Columbia.

Barman, Jean. The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia U. of Toronto Press, 1991. 430pp
Carlson, Roy L. and Bona, Luke Dalla, eds. Early Human Occupation in British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1996. 261 pp.
Carty, R. K., ed. Politics, Policy, and Government in British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1996. 381 pp.
Cole, Douglas & Ira Chaiken "An Iron Hand Upon the People: The Law Against the Potlatch on the Northwest Coast." Vancouver/Toronto: Douglas & McIntyre, 1990. ISBN 0-88894-695-3
Francis, Daniel, ed. Encyclopedia of British Columbia. Madeira Park, B.C.: Harbour, 2000. 806 pp.
Griffin, Harold. Radical Roots: The Shaping of British Columbia. Vancouver: Commonwealth Fund, 1999.
Hak, Gordon. Turning Trees into Dollars: The British Columbia Coastal Lumber Industry, 1858-1913. U. of Toronto Press, 2000. 239 pp.
Harris, Cole. The Resettlement of British Columbia: Essays on Colonialism and Geographical Change. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1997. 314 pp.
Hayes, Derek. Historical Atlas of British Columbia and the Pacific Northwest: Maps of Exploration. Vancouver: Cavendish, 1999. 208 pp.
Johnston, Hugh, ed. The Pacific Province: A History of British Columbia. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1996. 352 pp.
McGillivray, Brett. Geography of British Columbia: People and Landscapes in Transition. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 2000. 235pp
Muckle, Robert J. The First Nations of British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1998. 146pp.
Norris, John. Strangers Entertained: A History of Ethnic Groups in British Columbia. Vancouver: Evergreen Press, 1971. 254 pp.
Ormsby, Margaret A. British Columbia: A History (Macmillan, 1958) online edition
Recksten, Terry. The Illustrated History of British Columbia. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 2001. 280 pp.
Roy, Patricia E., ed. A History of British Columbia: Selected Readings (1989)
Woodcock, George. British Columbia: A History of the Province. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1990. 288 pp.
Whitcomb, Dr. Ed. A Short History of British Columbia. Ottawa. From Sea To Sea Enterprises. 2006. 71 pp.

External links[edit]

BC History in images - A visual history of British Columbia starting as early as 1542, from the UBC Library Digital Collections.
British Colonist newspaper in Victoria, complete text Dec. 1858 to June 1910, searchable
British Columbia History Internet/Web Site, 1995–2004, compiled by historian and archivist David Mattison, was succeeded by the British Columbia History Portal, 2003–present.
First Nations Languages of British Columbia contains information about the native languages of British Columbia.
BC History Journal
"Coastal Moving Image Gallery," 1920s film clips of BC First Nations taken by anthropologist Harlan I. Smith, from BC Archives website.







v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 History of Canada



Year list
(Timeline)



18000 BCE–1500 CE
1534–1763
1763–1867
1867–1914
1914–1945
1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
1992–present





Topics



Canadians - (Persons of significance)
Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Cultural
Economic
Etymology
Events of significance
Former colonies & territories
Heritage Minutes
Historic Sites
Immigration
Military

Conflicts
Operations
Peacekeeping
Victories


Monarchical
Population history
Sports
Territorial evolution
Women





Provinces &
territories



British Columbia
Alberta
Saskatchewan
Manitoba
Ontario
Quebec
New Brunswick
Nova Scotia
Prince Edward Island
Newfoundland and Labrador
Yukon
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
(Name etymologies)





Cities



Brampton
Charlottetown
Fredericton
Halifax RM
Hamilton
Lethbridge
Moncton
Montreal
Northwest Territories capital cities
Ottawa
Quebec City
Regina
Saskatoon
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
(Name etymologies)





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=History_of_British_Columbia&oldid=789220318"					
Categories: History of British ColumbiaHistory of the Rocky MountainsOregon CountryHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listPages with DOIs inactive since 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from January 2014Articles with unsourced statements from October 2007Articles with unsourced statements from May 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעבריתPolski 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 July 2017, at 02:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









History of British Columbia - Wikipedia





















 






History of British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada. Originally politically constituted as a pair of British colonies, British Columbia joined the Canadian Confederation on July 20, 1871. Perhaps the most influential historian of British Columbia has been Margaret Ormsby. In British Columbia: A History (1958) she presented a structural model that has been adopted by numerous historians and teachers. Chad Reimer says," in many aspects, it still has not been surpassed." Ormsby posited a series of propositions that provided the dynamic to the history:

the ongoing pull between maritime and continental forces; the opposition between a "closed," hierarchical model of society represented by the Hudson's Bay Company and colonial officials, and the "open," egalitarian vision of English and Canadian settlers; and regional tensions between Vancouver Island and mainland, metropolitan Vancouver and the hinterland interior.[1]




Contents


1 Early history: Native Peoples
2 Early Spanish explorers
3 Early European villages (1788–1790s)
4 Late British expeditions (1790s–1821)
5 From fur trade districts to colonies (1821–1858)
6 Colonial British Columbia (1858–1871)

6.1 Richard Clement Moody and the Royal Engineers
6.2 Ned McGowan's War
6.3 The Foundation of New Westminster
6.4 The feud between Moody and Governor James Douglas
6.5 Other developments
6.6 The Second Gold Rush
6.7 Annexation debate


7 Entry into Canada (1871–1900)
8 20th century

8.1 Rise of the labour movement
8.2 Race and ethnic relations
8.3 Prohibition
8.4 World War II contributions
8.5 Columbia River Treaty


9 21st century

9.1 Crimes
9.2 Civil amercement


10 First Nations
11 See also

11.1 Indigenous peoples
11.2 European empires
11.3 Important figures
11.4 Places
11.5 Events
11.6 Other history articles


12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early history: Native Peoples[edit]




Tsimshian people c. 1890, Metlakatla.


Human history in what has come to be known as British Columbia dates back thousands of years. Archaeology has identified dates in British Columbia as early as 13,500 years ago, with some exciting potential for underwater sites beginning to be detected.
The geography of the land influenced cultural development of the peoples - and in places, allowed for cultural development of permanent villages, complex social institutions and a huge range of languages. BC is divided by anthropological theory into three cultural areas - the Northwest Coast, The Plateau and the North. First Nations in each area developed customs and approaches to living that fit the resources in the region. Through much of British Columbia salmon are available and formed a substantial part of the diet where available. The term pre-contact is used to describe the time period prior to contact between First Nations and European explorers. The precise time of contact varied according to circumstance but took place on the coast between the 1770s and 1800. In places in the Interior it occurred later.
British Columbia, before the arrival of the Europeans, was home to many Indigenous peoples speaking more than 30 different languages, including Babine-Witsuwit'en, Danezaa (Beaver), Carrier, Chilcotin, Gitxsan, Haida, Halkomelem, Kaska, Kutenai, Lillooet, Nisga'a, Nuu-chah-nulth, Nuxalk, Sekani, Shuswap, Sinixt, Squamish, Tagish, Tahltan, Thompson, Tlingit, Tsetsaut, and Tsimshian. There was frequent contact between bands and voyages across the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca were common.
The abundance of natural resources, such as salmon and cedar, enabled the development of a complex hierarchical society within coastal communities. With so much food being available, the peoples of the coastal regions could focus their time on other pursuits such as art, politics, and warfare.
Early Spanish explorers[edit]
The first visitors to present-day British Columbia were Spanish sailors and other European sailors who sailed for the Spanish crown. There is some evidence that the Greek-born Juan de Fuca, who sailed for Spain and explored the West coast of North America in the 1590s, might have reached the passageway between Washington State and Vancouver Island—today known as the Strait of Juan de Fuca. (A later British explorer named Charles William Barkley named the passage after Juan de Fuca's reputed visit.)
There is not much evidence to suggest that European traders and explorers regularly came to present-day British Columbia in the 17th century.
The arrival of Europeans began to intensify in the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While there is a theory and some evidence that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbia Coast in 1579,[2][3][4] it is conventionally claimed that it was Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1775. In doing so, Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the whole of the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513, who declared the whole of the Pacific and its shores as part of the Spanish Empire.
In 1774, the Spanish navigator Juan José Pérez Hernández, a native of Mexico, sailed from San Blas, Nueva Galicia (modern-day Nayarit), with instructions to reach 60° north latitude to discover possible Russian settlements and take possession of the lands for the Spanish Crown. Hernández reached 55° north latitude, becoming the first European to sight the Queen Charlotte Islands and Vancouver Island. He traded with the natives near Estevan Point, although apparently without landing. The expedition was forced to return to Nueva Galicia, due to the lack of provisions.[5][6]
Since Pérez Hernández's first expedition failed to achieve its objective, the Spanish organized a second expedition in 1775 with the same goal. This expedition was commanded by Bruno de Heceta on board the Santiago, piloted by Pérez Hernández, and accompanied by Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra in La Sonora. After illnesses, storms, and other troubles had affected the expedition, de Heceta returned to Nueva Galicia, while Quadra kept on a northward course, ultimately reaching 59° North in what today is Sitka, Alaska.[7] During this expedition, the Spanish made sure to land several times and formally claim the lands for the Spanish Crown, while verifying the absence of Russian settlements along the coast. In the following years, several other Spanish expeditions would set sail from Nueva Galicia bound for the Pacific Northwest.
Three years later, in 1778, the British Royal Navy Captain James Cook arrived in the region, searching for the Northwest Passage, and successfully landed at Nootka Sound on Vancouver Island, where he and his crew traded with the Nuu-chah-nulth First Nation. Upon trading his goods for sea otter pelts, his crew in turn traded them for an enormous profit in Macau on their way back to Britain. This led to an influx of traders to the British Columbian coast, and ongoing economic contact with the aboriginal peoples there.
Early European villages (1788–1790s)[edit]




Nootka Sound marked in Vancouver Island.






Reconstruction of Fort San Miguel.






Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound. Volume I, plate VII from: "A Voyage of Discovery to the North Pacific Ocean and Round the World" by George Vancouver.


In 1788, John Meares, an English navigator and explorer, sailed from China and explored Nootka Sound and the neighbouring coasts. He bought some land from a local chief named Maquinna and built a trading post there.
Two years later, in 1789, the Spanish commander Esteban José Martínez, a native of Seville, established a settlement and started building a fort in Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound, which was named Fort San Miguel. This territory was already considered as part of New Spain by the Spanish due to the previous explorations of the region. Upon Martinez's arrival, a number of British ships were seized, including those of Captain Meares. This originated the Nootka Crisis, which almost led to a war between Britain and Spain. The controversy resulted in the abandonment of the Nootka Sound settlement by the Spanish. Some months later, Manuel Antonio Flores, Viceroy of New Spain, ordered a Francisco de Eliza to rebuild the fort. The expedition, composed of three ships, the Concepción, under the command of De Eliza, the San Carlos, under the command of Salvador Fidalgo and the Princesa Real, under the command of Manuel Quimper, sailed in early 1790 from San Blas in Nueva Galicia and arrived at Nootka Sound in April of that year. The expedition had many Catalan volunteers from the First Free Company of Volunteers of Catalonia, commanded by Pere d'Alberní, a native of Tortosa. The expedition rebuilt the fort, which had been dismantled after Martínez abandoned it. The rebuilt fort included several defensive constructions as well as a vegetable garden to ensure the settlement had food supplies. The Catalan volunteers left the fort in 1792 and Spanish influence in the region ended in 1795 after the Nootka Convention came into force.[8]
Late British expeditions (1790s–1821)[edit]
Subsequently, European explorer-merchants from the east started to discover British Columbia. Three figures dominate in the early history of mainland British Columbia: Sir Alexander Mackenzie, Simon Fraser, and David Thompson. As employees of the North West Company, the three were primarily concerned with discovering a practicable river route to the Pacific, specifically via the Columbia River, for the extension of the fur trade. In 1793, Mackenzie became the first European to reach the Pacific overland north of the Rio Grande. He and his crew entered the region through the Rocky Mountains via the Peace River, reaching the ocean at North Bentinck Arm, near present-day Bella Coola. Shortly thereafter, Mackenzie's companion, John Finlay, founded the first permanent European settlement in British Columbia, Fort St. John, located at the junction of the Beatton and Peace Rivers.
Simon Fraser was the next to try to find the course of the Columbia. During his expedition of 1805-09, Fraser and his crew, including John Stuart, explored much of the British Columbia interior, establishing several forts (Hudson's Hope, Trout Lake Fort, Fort George, Fort Fraser, and Fort St. James). Fraser's expedition took him down the river that now bears his name, to the site of present-day Vancouver. Although both Mackenzie and Fraser reached the Pacific, they found the routes they took impassable for trade. It was David Thompson who found the Columbia River and followed it down to its mouth in 1811. He was unable to establish a claim, however, for the American explorers Lewis and Clark had already claimed the territory for the United States of America six years earlier. The American Fur Company of John Jacob Astor had founded Fort Astoria just months before Thompson arrived, though within a year the local staff at Astoria sold the fort and others in the region to the North West Company, which renamed it Fort George. Though "returned" to US hands as a result of treaty complications at the end of the War of 1812, this meant only there was a parallel US fort adjacent to the NWC one, which was the more prosperous of the two. Following the forced merger of the North West Company and Hudson's Bay Company in 1821, Fort Vancouver was established as the new regional headquarters.
From fur trade districts to colonies (1821–1858)[edit]
Although technically a part of British North America, British Columbia was largely run by the Hudson's Bay Company after its merger with the North West Company in 1821. The Central Interior of the region was organized into the New Caledonia District, a name that came to be generally attributed to the mainland as a whole. It was administered from Fort St. James, about 150 km northwest of present-day Prince George. The Interior south of the Thompson River and north of California was named by the company the Columbia District, and was administered first from Fort Vancouver (present day Vancouver, Washington).
Throughout the 1820s and 1830s, the HBC controlled nearly all trading operations in the Pacific Northwest, based out of the company headquarters at Fort Vancouver on the Columbia River. Although authority over the region was nominally shared by the United States and Britain through the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, company policy, enforced via Chief Factor John McLoughlin of the company's Columbia District, was to discourage any settlement, including US settlement, of the territory. The company's effective monopoly on trade virtually forbade any settlement in the region. It established Fort Boise in 1834 (in present-day southwestern Idaho) to compete with the American Fort Hall, 483 km (300 mi) to the east. In 1837, it purchased Fort Hall, also along the route of the Oregon Trail, where the outpost director displayed the abandoned wagons of discouraged settlers to those seeking to move west along the trail.
Fort Vancouver was the nexus for the fur trade on the Pacific Coast; its influence reached from the Rocky Mountains to the Hawaiian Islands, and from Alaska into Mexican-controlled California. At its pinnacle, Fort Vancouver watched over 34 outposts, 24 ports, six ships, and 600 employees. Also, for many primarily American settlers the fort became the last stop on the Oregon Trail as they could get supplies before starting their homestead.
By 1843 the Hudson's Bay Company operated numerous posts in the Columbia Department, including Fort Vancouver, Fort George (Astoria), Fort Nisqually, Fort Umpqua, Fort Langley, Fort Colville, Fort Okanogan, Fort Kamloops, Fort Alexandria, Flathead Post, Kootanae House, Fort Boise, Fort Hall, Fort Simpson, Fort Taku, Fort McLoughlin (in Milbanke Sound), Fort Stikine, as well as a number of others.[9]
A very high degree of linguistic variation occurs in BC - a response to this was the development of a trade jargon - Chinook Jargon. Not a complete language it was used in trade, governance and some early writings- for example hymns.

By 1811 John Jacob Astor had founded Astoria, and ten years later the Hudson's Bay Company had established itself on the Columbia. In the meantime the explorers and traders had been coming by land. Somewhere and sometime during this period the existence of the (Chinook) Jargon became known. All the Indians talked it to each other and resorted to it in their conversations with the whites. Knowledge of this trade language became a necessary part of the trader's equipment.[10]

Fort Victoria was established as a trading post in 1843, both as a means to protect HBC interests, as well as to assert British claims to Vancouver Island and the adjacent Gulf Islands. The Gulf Islands and Strait of Juan de Fuca are the access point to Puget Sound as well as a fall back position in preparation for the "worst case" scenario settlement of the dispute, in the face of manifest destiny. Increasing numbers of American settlers arriving on the Oregon Trail gave rise to the Oregon boundary dispute. The Hudson's Bay Company dominated and controlled all territory north of the Columbia River. The British position was that a fair division of the Columbia District was a boundary at the Columbia River.
In 1844, the United States Democratic Party asserted that the U.S. had a legitimate claim to the entire Columbia District or Oregon Country, but President James Polk was prepared to draw the border along the 49th parallel, the longstanding U.S. proposal. When the British rejected this offer, Polk broke off negotiations, and American expansionists reasserted the claim, coining slogans (most famously "Fifty-Four Forty or Fight!"). With the outbreak of the Mexican-American War diverting attention and resources, Polk was again prepared to compromise. The Oregon boundary dispute was settled in the 1846 Treaty of Washington. The terms of the agreement established the border between British North America and the United States at the 49th parallel from the Rocky Mountains to the sea, the original American proposal, with all of Vancouver Island retained as British territory.
This effectively destroyed the geographical logic of the HBC's Columbia Department, since the lower Columbia River was the core and lifeline of the system. The U.S. soon organized its portion as the Oregon Territory. The administrative headquarters of fur operations, and of the Columbia Department, then shifted north to Fort Victoria, which had been founded by James Douglas.
In 1849, the Crown Colony of Vancouver Island was created; and in 1851, James Douglas was appointed Governor. Douglas, known as the father of British Columbia, established colonial institutions in Victoria. He started the process of expanding the economic base of the new colony by signing 14 treaties between 1850-1854 to purchase land for settlement and industrial development (coal deposits were known by the HWBC in the vicinities of Nanaimo and Fort Rupert).[11] Subsequent native population crashes later in the 19th century along with economic upheaval and native wars allowed his political successors to be much less consistent with British principles, treaties, and laws.
Meanwhile, on the mainland, New Caledonia continued to focus on the fur trade with few non-native inhabitants (mostly HBC employees and their families)[citation needed] under the administrative oversight of Douglas, who was also the HBC's regional chief executive. The Hudson's Bay Company like the previous French colony and North West Company of Montreal still officially discouraged settlement because it interfered with the lucrative fur trade. The fur trade was a mutually beneficial relationship between the local HBC trading fort and adjacent native tribes. American expansion and control of territory was predicated primarily by settlement of the land not commercial relationships with the existing local population.[12][13] The British made virtually no effort to assert sovereignty over the aboriginal peoples of the area. In accordance with the Royal Proclamation of 1763, large-scale settlement by non-aboriginal people was prohibited until the lands were surrendered by treaty.
Colonial British Columbia (1858–1871)[edit]
In 1858, gold was found along the banks of the Thompson River just east of what is now Lytton, British Columbia, triggering the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. When word got out to San Francisco about gold in British territory, Victoria was transformed overnight into a tent city as prospectors, speculators, land agents, and outfitters flooded in from around the world, mostly via San Francisco. The Hudson's Bay Company's Fort Langley burgeoned economically as the staging point for many of the prospectors heading by boat to the Canyon.
A wide range of linguistic diversity among First Nations and explorers/traders made communication difficult. Trade jargon, initially used by First Nations expanded and changed to include words from English and French to become the Chinook Jargon. Not a complete language, the jargon became widespread among First Nations and early Europeans to enable communication and trade. Though little used today a significant number of place names in British Columbia deprive from Chinook and early anthropologists sometimes recorded stories using the jargon.
At the time, the region was still not under formal colonial authority. Douglas, fearing challenges to the claim of British sovereignty in the region in the face of an influx of some 20,000 Americans, stationed a gunboat at the mouth of the Fraser in order to obtain license fees from those seeking to head upstream. The resolution of the Oregon Boundary Dispute whereby British interests, primarily the HBC, lost governance of all territory between the 49th Parallel and the Columbia River due to a sudden influx of American settlers 8 years previous.
Richard Clement Moody and the Royal Engineers[edit]
When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, the Colonial Office established the mainland as a Crown colony on August 2, 1858, naming it the Colony of British Columbia.[14] Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [15] and “found a second England on the shores of the Pacific”.[16] Lytton desired to send to the colony 'representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force’: he sought men who possessed ‘courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world’[17] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the archetypal 'English gentleman and British Officer’[18] at the head of the Columbia Detachment, which was created by an Act of the British Parliament on 2 August 1858. The Engineers were believed to exemplify the qualities sought by the Government.[19]




Col. Richard Moody, commander of the Columbia detachment


Moody arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary, and the two became close friends.
Ned McGowan's War[edit]
Moody had hoped to begin immediately the foundation of a capital city, but upon his arrival at Fort Langley he learned of an outbreak of violence at the settlement of Hill's Bar. This led to an incident popularly known as "Ned McGowan's War", where Moody led 22 Engineers and Judge Matthew Baillie Begbie to Yale to face down a group of rebellious American miners. Order was restored without further strict pain .
The Foundation of New Westminster[edit]
In British Columbia, Moody ‘wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness’ and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, ‘styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the Crown and of the robe’.[20] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[20] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,
"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[21][22]




Moody likened his vision of the nascent Colony of British Columbia to the pastoral scenes painted by Aelbert Cuyp


Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[23][24]
However, Lord Lytton 'forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town’ and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuous hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, 'made it impossible for [Moody’s] design to be fulfilled’.[25]
The feud between Moody and Governor James Douglas[edit]
Throughout his tenure in British Columbia, Richard Clement Moody was engaged in a bitter feud with Sir James Douglas, Governor of Vancouver Island, whose jurisdiction overlapped with his own. Moody’s position as Chief Commissioner and Lieutenant-Governor was one of ‘higher prestige [and] lesser authority' than that of Douglas, despite Moody's vastly superior social position in the eyes of the Engineers and the British Government: Moody had been selected by Lord Lytton due to his possession of the quality of the "archetypal English gentleman and British Officer", his family was "eminently respectable": he was the son of Colonel Thomas Moody (1779-1849), one of the wealthiest mercantilists in the West Indies, who owned much of the land in the islands where Douglas's father owned a small amount of land and from which Douglas's mother, "a half-breed", originated. Governor Douglas's ethnicity and made him ‘an affront to Victorian society’.[26] Mary Moody, the descendant of the Hawks industrial dynasty and the Boyd merchant banking family,[27] wrote on 4 August 1859 "it is not pleasant to serve under a Hudson's Bay Factor" and that the "Governor and Richard can never get on".[28] In letter to the Colonial Office of 27 December 1858, Richard Clement Moody boasts that he has ‘entirely disarmed [Douglas] of all jealously"[29] Douglas repeatedly insulted the Engineers by attempting to assume their command[30] and refusing to acknowledge their value in the nascent colony[31]
Margaret A. Ormsby, author of the Dictionary of Canadian Biography entry for Moody (2002), condemns Moody for a contribution to the abortive development of the city. However, most other historians have exonerated Moody for the abortive development of the city and consider his achievement to be impressive, especially with regard to the perpetual insufficiency of funds and the personally motivated opposition of Douglas, whose opposition to the project continually retarded its development. Robert Edgar Cail,[32] Don W. Thomson,[33] Ishiguro, and Scott have praised Moody for his contribution, the latter accusing Ormsby of being ‘adamant in her dislike of Colonel Moody’ despite the evidence,[34] and almost all biographies of Moody, including those of the Institute of Civil Engineers, the Royal Engineers, and the British Columbia Historical Association, are flattering.
Other developments[edit]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing. Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.




Frederick Seymour, second governor of the Colony of British Columbia, and his cat.


Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment was disbanded in July, 1863. The Moody family, only 22 men and 8 wives returned to England, while the rest, 130 sappers, elected to remain in BC.[35] Scott contends that the departure of the Engineers 'doomed' the development of the settlement and the fruition of Lord Lytton's dream.[36] Chartres Brew replaced Moody as land commissioner.
The Second Gold Rush[edit]
A second major gold rush in the Cariboo region of the colony occurred in 1861-64, in the midst of smaller ones, notably in the Omenica, Big Bend and on the Stikine. The influx of gold miners into B.C.'s economy led to the creation of basic infrastructure in B.C., most notably, the creation of the Cariboo Wagon Road which linked the Lower Mainland to the rich gold fields of Barkerville. However, the enormous costs of the road, and its predecessor the Douglas Road and services such as the Gold Escort, left B.C. in debt by the mid-1860s. In 1866, because of the massive debt leftover from the gold rush, the mainland and Vancouver Island became one colony named British Columbia, with its capital in Victoria.
On Vancouver Island settlement and industrial development took place along the shorelines. For example, see the 19th century settlement in Comox or Colony of Vancouver Island.
Annexation debate[edit]
In 1867, there were three options open: to continue as a British colony, to be annexed by the United States, or to confederate with the newly formed Dominion of Canada.[37][38] In Britain, many Little Englanders expected, or even hoped, that its North American colonies would depart from the British Empire.[39] Admiral Joseph Denman told the Admiralty that British Columbia did not deserve Royal Navy protection, and advised the British government to "divest herself of these possessions by any means consistent with honour".[40] Secretary of State for the Colonies Lord Granville stated his wish that British North America "would propose to be independent and annex themselves". The Times' view was the British consensus:

British Columbia is a long way off. ... With the exception of a limited official class it receives few immigrants from England, and a large proportion of its inhabitants consists of citizens of the United States who have entered it from the south. Suppose that the colonists met together and came to the conclusion that every natural motive of contiguity, similarity of interests, and facility of administration induced them to think it more convenient to slip into the Union than into the Dominion. ... We all know that we should not attempt to withstand them.[41]

Financially, becoming officially part of the United States made sense since British Columbia was economically essentially a satellite of San Francisco—the most important city of the entire American west and North America's Pacific coast—Washington, and Oregon, which provided all of the colony's supplies despite a substantial American tariff. American currency circulated widely in the colony, whose nearest British neighbors were Red River 2,000 miles to the east, and Hong Kong to the west.[39][41] San Francisco's population in the 1860s exceeded 60,000, while Victoria's never rose above 4,000. All mail from British Columbia went through San Francisco, forcing the colony's post office to keep large amounts of American postage stamps.[42]:184,186–187 The opening of the American transcontinental railroad in 1869 made it possible to travel by ship from Victoria to San Francisco, then by train to Ottawa or Washington in just 24 days. With the gold now gone, most of the American miners had left, and the economic future did not look promising unless B.C. could join the very rapidly growing, rich economies of the Pacific states.
While American residents of British Columbia celebrated the United States' purchase of Alaska in 1867, having American territory to their north and south caused British residents' fears for the future of their colony to grow.[43] Alaska was part of American Secretary of State William H. Seward's plan to incorporate the entire northwest Pacific Coast, chiefly for the long-term commercial advantages to the United States in terms of Pacific trade. Seward believed that the people in British Columbia wanted annexation and that Britain would accept this in exchange for the Alabama claims. In the event, Seward dropped the idea of an exchange and accepted an arbitration plan that settled the Alabama claims for cash.[44] When a false report circulated in April, soon after the Alaska news, that the British government was considering settling the claims by ceding the colony, a substantial annexation movement appeared supported by many residents and three of the colony's six newspapers.[43]
Anti-confederationists, who were not necessarily annexationists, were the majority on Vancouver Island. That said, annexationists argued that the colony would never be able to negotiate with the United States a free trade agreement similar to the Reciprocity Treaty of 1854, and that annexation would end the disadvantage of the American tariff. Most Canadian-born residents supported confederation with their land of origin but were not very popular, as many in the colony believed that they sent their money home instead of spending it in British Columbia as the American-born colonists did. Residents of the mainland almost unanimously supported confederation with the rest of British North America; they argued that this would benefit the colony as Canada would soon negotiate another reciprocity treaty. Many British-born colonists were on both sides.[41][42]:190–192,208–209
Representative Nathaniel P. Banks of Massachusetts' Annexation Bill of 1866 offered voluntary annexation to British North America, including territorial status for Vancouver Island and British Columbia together as the "territory of Columbia". The bill was unsuccessful, as was Senator Alexander Ramsey of Minnesota's 1867 proposal that the United States, as part of another reciprocity treaty with Canada, offer $6 million to the Hudson's Bay Company for the territory west of the 90th longitude. The US would assume British Columbia's $2 million debt, and subsidize the Northern Pacific Railway to build a road to Puget Sound.[42]:196–198 Two American military officers, who travelled throughout British Columbia for two months while arranging for supply of occupation troops in Alaska, wrote a detailed report to Washington in November 1867 of their belief that a majority of residents supported annexation. They claimed that "[i]t did not become necessary in a single instance to broach the subject of the cession of that territory to the United States, for it was the constant theme of conversation". Employees of the Hudson's Bay Company were said to be especially supportive, although they and many others could not make their opinion public because of fears of being denounced as disloyal.[43] A majority of British Columbians never publicly supported American annexation, however, and support for joining Canada grew over time;[39] in particular, annexationists failed to persuade the anti-confederation Hudson's Bay Company officials and their friends that dominated Vancouver Island politics.[42]:209 Accusations that "American gold" and "American greenbacks" funded "renegade Englishmen" likely hurt annexation support; whether the US officers' belief of the existence of widespread covert support was correct, by October 1867 annexation no longer appeared as a topic in British Columbia newspapers or documents.[43]
Until the Alaska Purchase and the new Dominion status[45] (which were almost simultaneous), the British had been indifferent to the fate of British Columbia. London now paid attention, and realized the value of B.C. as a base for its imperial trade opportunities in the Pacific and the need of the Royal Navy for a station in the region.[46] By 1868 public opinion was likely on the confederation side. Annexationists (or, at least, anti-confederationists) were in control of the Legislative Council of British Columbia, however, and in February 1869 passed a resolution opposing confederation;[42]:213[41] until his death the colonial governor, Frederick Seymour, also opposed confederation. Successor Anthony Musgrave supported confederation (after being unsuccessful in bringing Newfoundland into Canada)[42]:192 but due to an accident was delayed in his duties; meanwhile, annexation support revived during the winter of 1869-1870.[41] One hundred four individuals, about one percent of the white population of the colony, signed an 1869 petition to President Ulysses S. Grant asking for annexation. While there is no reason to believe that they accurately represented the majority opinion, it is true that many colonists viewed Washington and London as equal competitors for British Columbia's loyalty depending on who offered more incentives, while Ottawa was more foreign and less familiar.[42]:206–208
In August 1869 Lord Granville communicated London's new view of British Columbia when he wrote to Musgrave, "I have no hesitation in stating that [support of confederation] is also the opinion of Her Majesty's Government."[42]:195 In February 1870 Musgrave successfully persuaded the Legislative Council to pass a resolution supporting confederation with Canada. Many British-born colonists now supported confederation as the best way to maintain a connection with Britain. By April the Victoria Colonist reported that a mass meeting in Victoria supported confederation while "the most vague hint in the direction of annexation was met with a howl of execration".[41][42]:214 Musgrave proposed an attractive plan for joining Canada, with the Dominion assuming the colony's debt and building a new Canadian transcontinental railway that would eliminate the reliance on the American railroad. Meanwhile, the United States was so focused on issues of Reconstruction, that few Americans picked up on Seward's grand dream to expand Manifest Destiny to the Pacific.[47][48][40]
Entry into Canada (1871–1900)[edit]
See also: British Columbia § Rapid growth and development




1896 map of British Columbia showing federal electoral districts.






A map produced in London in 1873 to facilitate emigration to British Columbia showing the natural resources of the new province.


Both the depressed economic situation arising from the collapse of the gold rushes, as well as a desire for the establishment of truly responsible and representative government, led to enormous domestic pressure for British Columbia to join the Canadian Confederation, which had been proclaimed in 1867. The Confederation League, spearheaded by three future premiers of the province — Amor De Cosmos, Robert Beaven, and John Robson — took a leading role in pushing the colony towards this goal. And so it was on July 20, 1871, that British Columbia became the sixth province to join Canada. In return for entering Confederation, Canada absorbed B.C.'s massive debt, and promised to build a railway from Montreal to the Pacific coast within 10 years.
Contrary to popular belief British Columbia did not demand a transcontinental railroad as a condition of confederation; its delegates expected a wagon road, but John A. Macdonald's national government proposed the railroad as a substitute, with Ottawa and London viewing it as a way of connecting not just British Columbia but the prairies with the rest of the British Empire.[42]:235–236 The promise of a railroad became, however, the most important reason for British Columbia to stay within Canada. The provincial legislature threatened to secede in 1878 because Macdonald's successor Alexander Mackenzie, whose Liberal Party had opposed the railroad, attempted to modify the promise; Macdonald's return to power that year likely kept British Columbia from departing Canada.[41][42]:236–238 In fulfillment of the promise, the last spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway was driven in Craigellachie on 7 November 1885. (No good road yet existed between British Columbia and other provinces; until the completion of the Trans-Canada Highway automobiles had to enter the United States to travel to eastern Canada.)[42]:240–241,406
The mining frontier in B.C. led to the creation of many mines and smelters, mostly through American investment. One of the world's largest smelters still exists today in Trail. The capital and work to be found in B.C. during the turn of the 19th century to the 20th century led to the creation of several new towns in B.C. such as Nelson, Nakusp, Slocan, Kimberley, Castlegar, Rossland, and Salmo. A large coal empire run by Robert Dunsmuir, and his son and later premier, James Dunsmuir also developed on Vancouver Island during this era.
As the economy on the mainland continued to improve as a result of improved transportation and increased settlement, other resource-based economic activity began to flourish. Throughout the latter half of the nineteenth century, fishing, forestry, and farming (including the planting of extensive orchards in the Okanagan region) became the "three F's" on which the new province built its economy — a situation that persisted well into the late twentieth century.
With the booming economy came the expansion of the original fur trading posts into thriving communities (such as Victoria, Nanaimo, and Kamloops). It also led to the establishment of new communities, such as Yale, New Westminster, and — most notably, though a latecomer — Vancouver. The product of the consolidation of the burgeoning mill towns of Granville and Hastings Mill located near the mouth of the Fraser on Burrard Inlet in the later 1860s, Vancouver was incorporated in 1886 following its selection as the railhead for the Canadian Pacific Railway. Despite a devastating fire which all but wiped out the city three months later, Vancouver quickly became the largest city in the province, its ports conveying both the resource wealth of the province as well as that transported from the prairie provinces by rail, to markets overseas. Vancouver's status as the principal city in the province has endured, augmented by growth in the surrounding municipalities of Richmond, Burnaby, Surrey, Delta, Coquitlam, and New Westminster. Today, Metro Vancouver is the third most populous metropolitan area in Canada, behind Toronto and Montreal.
It was also during this period where ethnic diversity began to develop significantly, as immigration was not fed entirely by European countries. Chinese and Japanese emigrants made many coastal settlements home, beginning in the 1850s, and became increasingly more pronounced in the 1880s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




Truck loaded with logs on temporary logging road, BC 1936


Since the days of the fur trade, British Columbia's economy has been based on natural resources, particularly fishing, logging and mining. From the canneries to the mills and mines, B.C.'s resource sector was increasingly the domain of large commercial interests.
With industrialization and economic growth, workers arrived to join in the seemingly boundless prosperity. Increasingly, these workers came from Asia as well as Europe. The mix of cultures and diversity was a source of strength, but also, often, of conflict. The early part of the 20th century was a time of great change and talk between immigrants and the First Nations, all of whom found their lives changing rapidly.
Rise of the labour movement[edit]
The dominance of the economy by big business was accompanied by an often militant labour movement. The first major sympathy strike was in 1903 when railway employees struck against the CPR for union recognition. Labour leader Frank Rogers was killed while picketing at the docks by CPR police during that strike, becoming the British Columbia movement's first martyr.[49] Canada's first general strike occurred following the death of another labour leader, Ginger Goodwin, in 1918, at the Cumberland coal mines on Vancouver Island.[50] A lull in industrial tensions through the later 1920s came to an abrupt end with the Great Depression. Most of the 1930s strikes were led by Communist Party organizers.[51] That strike wave peaked in 1935 when unemployed men flooded the city to protest conditions in the relief camps run by the military in remote areas throughout the province. After two tense months of daily and disruptive protesting, the relief camp strikers decided to take their grievances to the federal government and embarked on the On-to-Ottawa Trek,[52] but their commandeered train was met by a gatling gun at Hatzic, just east of Mission City, and the strikers arrested and interned in work camps for the duration of the Depression.[53]
Race and ethnic relations[edit]




The Komagata Maru and HMCS Rainbow


At the time that BC was settled the ideology of the British Empire, and of many of its colonial settlers was based on an assumption of superiority, often racial superiority based on the pseudo-science of Race. Racism and a desire to create a white colony were widespread. The scientific thinking of Charles Darwin was used to develop a theory of the races, which is today completely discredited - came to be known as Social Darwinism.
Under the ideology of Social Darwinism a series of restrictive laws were passed, by both federal and provincial levels of government. The Potlatch Ban outlawed First Nations cultural and spiritual practices,[54] non-white people were denied the vote - specifically First Nations, Chinese and Japanese people were not eligible to vote.
During the 20th century, many immigrant groups arrived in British Columbia and today, Vancouver is the second most ethnically diverse city in Canada, only behind Toronto. In 1886, a head tax was imposed on the Chinese, which reached as much as $500 per person to enter Canada by 1904. By 1923 the government passed the Chinese Immigration Act, which prohibited all Chinese immigration until 1947. Sikhs had to face an amended Immigration Act in 1908 that required Sikhs to have $200 on arrival in Canada, and immigration would be allowed only if the passenger had arrived by continuous journey from India, which was impossible. Perhaps the most famous incident of anti-Sikh racism in B.C. was in 1914 when the Komagata Maru arrived in Vancouver harbour with 376 Sikhs aboard, of whom only 20 were allowed entry. The Komagata Maru spent two months in harbour while the Khalsa Society went through the courts to appeal their case. The Khalsa Society also kept the passengers on the Komagata Maru alive during those two months. When the case was lost, HMCS Rainbow, a Royal Canadian Navy cruiser, escorted the Komagata Maru out to sea while thousands of Caucasians cheered from the seawall of Stanley Park.
During the Second World War, security concerns following the bombing of Pearl Harbor and Canada's entry into the war versus Japan led to controversial measures. The local Japanese-Canadian population was openly discriminated against, being put in internment camps. The Pacific Coast Militia Rangers were formed in 1942 in order to provide an armed presence on the coast in addition to the pre-war fortress garrisons, which were expanded after hostilities. Japanese military attacks against BC amounted to a small number of parachute bombs released from great distance away and by the middle of 1942 the threat of direct attack diminished following defeat at the Battle of Midway by US forces.
Prohibition[edit]
Alcohol was prohibited in British Columbia for about four years, from 1917 to 1921. A referendum in 1916 asked BC citizens whether they approved of making alcohol illegal (the other question was whether women had the right to vote). The contested results rejecting prohibition led to a major political scandal that subsequently saw the referendum being overturned and alcohol prohibited.[55] However, by 1921 the failures were so apparent—a thriving black market, arbitrary (often class- and race-based) enforcement and punishment, rampant corruption—that alcohol was established as a commodity subject to government regulation and taxation as it is today. U.S. prohibition in the 1920s and early 1930s led to a thriving business of producing and smuggling alcohol to quench the thirst of BC's southern neighbors. Many of Vancouver's richest families built or consolidated their fortunes in the rum-running business. Some compare today's robust cannabis-growing industry in BC (the number-one cash crop) to this earlier era.[56]
World War II contributions[edit]
A Pacific Command was created in 1942 also, and was disbanded in 1945. During the war a range of coastal defences were constructed, including harbour defences for Vancouver. Today's Museum of Anthropology at UBC sits atop the foundation for gun batteries that were used to command Vancouver Harbour approaches.
Militia units from southern BC provided cadres for many regiments that eventually fought in Europe. The Rocky Mountain Rangers sent a battalion to fight the Japanese in the Battle of the Aleutian Islands in 1943. Thousands more British Columbians volunteered for the Royal Canadian Navy and Royal Canadian Air Force. Two soldiers, Ernest Alvia Smith and John Keefer Mahony, were awarded the Victoria Cross for actions with BC-based regiments in Italy.
Columbia River Treaty[edit]
In 1961, British Columbia ratified the Columbia River Treaty which required the building of three large dams in British Columbia in return for financial compensation related to U.S. hydroelectric power production enabled by the dams. The dams flooded large areas within British Columbia, but would prove to be a very stable and renewable source of power for the province.
21st century[edit]
If the 20th century can be said to have been (see above) one of ethnocultural strife, the 21st thus far can be said to be one of relative harmony. One of the first pronouncements of Stephen Harper, upon his victory in the 39th general election to the Parliament in Ottawa, was that proper redress would be afforded the payers of the Chinese head tax. [57] On 22 June 2006, he offered an apology and $20,000 compensation for the head tax once paid by Chinese immigrants.[58] Asian people, at 20.2% of the total population, were in the 2006 census by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.[59]
The Chinese appeasement policies continue to bear fruit. Whereas prior to 2009 the Federal government was ill-disposed toward the Chinese,[60] by spring of that year the China Investment Corporation was able to purchase of a 17% share fraction of the Vancouver miner Teck Resources.[61] The transition of views on the Chinese government has been unprecedented, from one of fear[62] to one of official cooperation[63][64] in the space of five years, and in the face of popular trepidation.[65] In November 2013, British Columbia finance minister Mike de Jong reported a successful placement of Chinese RMB$2.5bn in dim sum bonds.[66]
The province hosted the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler.
Crimes[edit]

The scandal of the December 2003 BC Legislature Raids, which led to the October 2010 conviction of Dave Basi and Bob Virk, ministerial aides to Gary Collins and Janet Reid, respectively,[67] involved "bribes - cash, meals and NFL tickets - in exchange for leaking confidential [information] about the sale" of BC Rail.[67] The case set precedent in R. v. Basi, according to which defendants' counsel may participate at pre-trial hearings involving a police informant.
Although Robert Pickton had apparently claimed responsibility for 49 murders at or near his pig farm in Port Coquitlam, at trial by jury in 2007 he was only convicted of six.
On 14 October 2007, Robert Dziekański was tasered by a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer. The incident might have been unreported, but for the cell-phone video taken by eyewitness Paul Pritchard. It took six years for the provincial coroner to determine that death of Dziekanski was a homicide.[68]
A drug dealer who failed to pay $100,000 to the Red Scorpion gang for trafficking on the its turf was the catalyst for the execution of six people in a Surrey high rise in 2007.[69]

Civil amercement[edit]
After a scandal-filled second term for the BC NDP government, the BC Liberals won the 2001 election with the biggest landslide in BC history: 77 of 79 seats. Gordon Campbell became the seventh premier in ten years, and the first Liberal premier in almost 50 years. On 25 November 2005, the Civil Forfeiture Act (CFA) was passed by Campbell's second government with a 3:2 majority. This Act followed Ontario's Civil Remedies Act, which had passed in November 2003.[70] This Act makes it possible for the government to amerce or to seize property without due process, and the Civil Forfeiture Office (CFO) has been eager to use this power in order to fill the coffers of government.[71][72] The office does not need criminal charges, or convictions, to amerce a property.[72] Bill 5 was introduced by Solicitor-General Rich Coleman, who made liberal use of the "organised crime" fear, uncertainty and doubt tactic.[73] He also mentioned that Ontario, Manitoba and Alberta had also recently introduced similar legislation.[73]
The Act, which was brought in with "organised crime" as the target, since at least 2007 has been expanded to target ordinary citizens. In latter-day practice, amercements may include partial (Jang) or full seizure (Lloydsmith, Rai) of a house.[70] On 4 May 2011, Solicitor-General Shirley Bond of Christy Clark's first government introduced the concept of "administrative forfeiture", under which a civil court is no longer required to judge amercements of property worth less than $75,000.[70] The CFO moved in summer 2012 to seize the Guide Certificate of Robert Milligan, a certain way to destroy his livelihood.[70] The CFO has a budgetary target.[72] Offences under the Motor Vehicle Act, Wildlife Act and Employment Standards Act are now pursued by the CFO.[72] The public is now bribed with the proceeds, for example, violence-prevention projects at six schools, an anti-gang campaign, women and family violence programs and a workshop on sexual exploitation awareness.[72] Justice Minister Suzanne Anton expressed unreserved support for the CFO and CFA in a January 2014 interview.[72]
First Nations[edit]
The legacy of British Imperialism in BC is unusual in that neither conquest nor treaties were undertaken as settlement occurred under the doctrine of Terra Nullius. With few exceptions (the Douglas Treaties of Fort Rupert and southern Vancouver Island) no treaties were signed. Some early settlers assumed, based on the catastrophic population crash of First Nations peoples linked to smallpox, and racist ideas that 'Indians' were a dying race led to a lack of action to deal with what was then termed the 'Indian Land Question'.
Upon Confederation the federal government assumed responsibility for Indians and lands reserved for Indians, while the province had responsibility for non-Aboriginal civil matters and resources. The 1913 McKenna-McBride Royal Commission made some amendments to lands but failed to deal with issues pertaining to title and First Nations rights. Several delegations to Ottawa and London were sent by First Nations seeking redress for grievances, to little avail. Instead the Indian Act, federal legislation governing First Nations, was amended to make it a crime to organize or engage legal council. Other oppressive measure also accompanied the amendment including the Potlatch Ban and the increasingly applied Indian Residential School system designed to assimilate First Nations.
The status of the First Nations (Aboriginal) people of British Columbia is a long-standing problem that has become a major issue in recent years. First Nations were confined to tiny reserves that no longer provide an economic base. They were provided with inadequate education and discriminated against in numerous ways. In many areas they were excluded from restaurants and other establishments. Status Indians gained the right to vote in 1960. They were prohibited from possessing alcohol, which rather than preventing problems with this drug, exacerbated them by fostering unhealthy patterns of consumption such as binge drinking.[citation needed] Certain privileges of status Indians are governed by the Indian Act. With the exception of what are known as the Douglas Treaties, negotiated by Sir James Douglas with the native people of the Victoria area, no treaties were signed in British Columbia until 1998. Many native people wished to negotiate treaties, but the province refused until 1990. Another major development was the 1997 decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in the Delgamuukw v. British Columbia case that aboriginal title still exists in British Columbia.
60% of First Nations in British Columbia are aligned with the First Nations Summit. This brings a total of 58 First Nations, but only 20 are said to be in active negotiations. Three Final Agreements have been settled, with one being rejected by Lheidli T'enneh in 2007. The other two, the Maa-nulth treaty group, a 5 Nuu-chah-nulth member group, and the Tsawwassen First Nation. Although these treaties have yet to be ratified by Parliament in Ottawa and Legislature in Victoria, neighbouring First Nations are seeking to block these treaties in the courts. A group of Vancouver Island and some mainland First Nations, the WSANEC, Lekwungen, and Semiahmoo, are seeking to block to Tsawwassen First Nation treaty, claiming infringement on their rights and land titles. On the west coast of Vancouver Island, the Ditidaht First Nation is doing the same against the Maa-nulth treaty group. The only treaty signed in recent years, the Nisga'a Treaty (1998), was negotiated outside of the current treaty process. There is considerable disagreement about treaty negotiations. Among indigenous people, there is mounting criticism of extinguishment of Aboriginal title and continued assimilation strategies by attempting to change the indigenous peoples from nations to municipal style government. Therefore, a substantial number of First Nations governments consider the current treaty process inadequate and have refused to participate.[citation needed]
A November 2007 court ruling for the Xeni Gwet'in First Nation called future participation in the process into question. The judge ruled that the Xeni Gwet'in could demonstrate aboriginal title to half of the Nemaia Valley, and that the province had no power over these lands.[74] Under the BC treaty process, negotiating nations have received as little as 5% of their claimed land recognized. Grand Chief Stewart Phillip, president of the Union of B.C. Indian Chiefs, called the court victory a "nail in the coffin" of the B.C. treaty process.[74]
See also[edit]

Outline of British Columbia § History of British Columbia

Indigenous peoples[edit]





Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast
Dane-zaa
Dakelh

Babine
Wet'suwet'en


Syilx




Haida people
Heiltsuk
Sto:lo
Kaska Dena
Ktunaxa
Kwakwaka'wakw
Gitxsan
Musqueam




St'at'imc

In-SHUCK-ch Nation
Lil'wat


Nisga'a
Nuu-chah-nulth
Nuxalk
Sekani
Wuikinuxv




Secwepemc
Sinixt
Squamish people
Tagish
Tahltan
Haisla
Nicola




Tsilhqot'in
Nlaka'pamux
Tlingit
Tsetsaut
Tsimshian
Saulteaux





European empires[edit]

Former colonies and territories in Canada
Spanish Empire
Russian Empire
British Empire

Important figures[edit]
By nationality, in chronological order of influence to the region:

Natives:

Maquinna, Nuu-chah-nulth chief
Chief Nicola, leader of the eponymous Nicola people and Grand Chief of the Okanagan
Klattasine (Klatsassan), Tsilhqot'in chief
Joe Capilano (Khatsahlano), Squamish chief
Chief Dan George, Tsleil-waututh (Burrard) chief and actor


Spaniards:

Vasco Núñez de Balboa (1475–1519), Spanish explorer and conquistador from Jerez de los Caballeros, claimed possession of the Pacific Ocean and all adjoining lands in the name of the Spanish sovereigns in 1513.
Juan José Pérez Hernández (1725–1775), Majorcan born Spanish explorer, first European to explore the region in 1774.
Bruno de Heceta (1744–1807), Basque born Spanish explorer, explored the region in 1775.
Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra (1743–1794), Liman born Spanish explorer, explored the region in an expedition in 1775 along with Bruno de Heceta.
Esteban José Martínez, Sevillan born Spanish explorer who founded the Spanish fort in Nootka Sound in 1789. It can be considered the first formal colony in the region (prior to that there was only a trade post founded by the Englishman John Meares).
Gonzalo López de Haro, accompanied Esteban José Martínez in the 1789 expedition.
Francisco de Eliza, made an expedition to Nootka Sound in 1790 to rebuild the Spanish fort abandoned by Esteban José Martínez.
Pere d'Alberní (1747–1802), Catalan born Spanish soldier and explorer from Tortosa, Captain of the First Free Company of Volunteers of Catalonia appointed in Nootka Sound. His mission was to rebuild the fort, after Esteban José Martínez had abandoned it. He went with his company in the expedition of Francisco de Eliza, in 1790.
Salvador Fidalgo, Catalan born Spanish explorer from La Seu d'Urgell, made an expedition to Nootka Sound in 1790.
José María Narváez, Spanish explorer, discovered Point Grey (modern day Vancouver, British Columbia) on July 5, 1791.
Dionisio Alcalá Galiano, explorer commissioned by the King; first European to circumnavigate Vancouver Island, and author of the "Relacion".


British or from the British Isles

Francis Drake, British privateer
James Cook, British explorer
John Meares, British explorer
George Vancouver, British explorer
Alexander Mackenzie, British explorer
David Thompson, British explorer
James Douglas, first Governor of British Columbia
Matthew Baillie Begbie, first Chief Justice of British Columbia


The Canadas and the Maritimes

Simon Fraser, fur company explorer
Francis Jones Barnard, expressman and entrepreneur (Ontario)
Amor de Cosmos, newspaperman and Premier (Nova Scotia)
W.A.C. Bennett, retailer and Premier (New Brunswick)



Places[edit]





Pacific Northwest
Alaska
British Columbia
Colony of British Columbia
New Caledonia




Columbia District
Washington
Oregon
Oregon Country
British Columbia ghost towns




Stikine Territory
Queen Charlotte Islands
Vancouver Island
Colony of Vancouver Island
Nootka Sound





Events[edit]





Nootka Crisis
Nootka Convention
Oregon Treaty
British Columbia Gold Rushes




Oregon boundary dispute
Alaska Boundary Dispute
Pig War




Columbia River Treaty
Komagata Maru
Japanese Canadian internment





Other history articles[edit]

Heritage Minutes
History of the west coast of North America
List of ships in British Columbia
List of Royal Navy ships in the Pacific Northwest
History of Squamish and Tsleil-Waututh longshoremen, 1863-1963

References[edit]


^ Chad Reimer "Ormsby, Margaret A." in Kelly Boyd, ed. (1999). Encyclopedia of Historians and Historical Writing, vol. 2. p. 886. ISBN 9781884964336. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Book Review: The Secret Voyage of Sir Francis Drake, Macleans magazine, July 18, 2003, quoted entire in The Canadian Encyclopedia
^ Sir Francis Drake article, The Canadian Encyclopedia
^ Another victory for Drake: Amateur treasure hunter's coin find proves English hero discovered Canada before the Spanish, AP Reporter, Daily Mail, London, March 14 2014
^ Centro de Investigación Científica y de Educación Superior de Ensenada
^ Nootka Sound Service LTD's website
^ The Online Encyclopedia of Washington State History
^ Catalans al Canadà, page 7, study from the Fundació d'Estudis Històrics de Catalunya
^ Mackie, Richard Somerset (1997). Trading Beyond the Mountains: The British Fur Trade on the Pacific 1793-1843. Vancouver: University of British Columbia (UBC) Press. p. 250. ISBN 0-7748-0613-3.  online at Google Books
^ Thomas, Edward Harper. Chinook: A History and Dictionary. Portland, Ore. Winford & Morts. 1935. ISBN 0-8323-0217-1
^ "First Nations Negotiations - Province of British Columbia". Gov.bc.ca. Retrieved 2017-04-21. 
^ The Canadian Frontier 1534-1760 by W.J. Eccles.
^ Superior Rendezvous Place Fort William in the Canadian Fur Trade by J. Morrison
^ It was named after the Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company, which in turn was named after the Columbia River. Ged Martin, "The Naming of British Columbia," Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies, Vol. 10, No. 3 (Autumn, 1978), pp. 257-263 in JSTOR
^ Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 7–27. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Ormsby
^ "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved 3 November 2016. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 19–20. 
^ Howard, Joseph Jackson (1893–1906). Heraldic Visitation of England and Wales. 8. pp. 161–164.
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 23. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 25. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 109. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 115–117. 
^ Cail, Robert Edgar (1974). Land, Man, and the Law: The Disposal of Crown Lands in British Columbia, 1871 -1913, Vancouver, University of British Columbia. p. 60. 
^ Thomson, Don W. (1966). Men and Meridians, Vol. 1. Ottawa, Department of Mines and Technical Surveys, Government of Canada. p. 282. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 131. 
^ Ormsby.
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 137. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia (1991) p. 91
^ Charles Hou and Marlena Morgan, eds. The Destiny of British Columbia: confederation or annexation? (1984)
^ a b c Sage, Walter N. (1932). "The Critical Period of British Columbia History, 1866-1871". Pacific Historical Review. 1 (4): 424–443. JSTOR 3633112. doi:10.2307/3633112. 
^ a b David E. Shi, "Seward's Attempt to Annex British Columbia, 1865-1869," Pacific Historical Review, May 1978, Vol. 47 Issue 2, pp 217-238 in JSTOR
^ a b c d e f g Keenlyside, Hugh LL.; Brown, Gerald S. (1952). Canada and the United States: Some Aspects of Their Historical Relations. Alfred A. Knopf. pp. 129–136. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Howay, F. W.; Sage, W. N.; Angus, H. F. (1942). British Columbia and the United States: The North Pacific Slope from Fur Trade to Aviation. Toronto: The Ryerson Press. 
^ a b c d Neunherz, R. E. (1989). ""Hemmed In": Reactions in British Columbia to the Purchase of Russian America". The Pacific Northwest Quarterly. 80 (3): 101–111. JSTOR 40491056. doi:10.2307/40491056 (inactive 2017-01-31). 
^ Charles Emmerson, The Future History of the Arctic (2010) p 74
^ Reginald Trotter, "Canada as a Factor in Anglo-American Relations in the 1860s," Canadian Historical Review, (1935) 16:354.
^ John Herd Thompson and Stephen J. Randall, Canada and the United States: Ambivalent Allies (4th ed. 2008) pp 46-7
^ Barman, The West Beyond the West (1991) pp 91-97
^ Doris W. Dashew, "The Story of An Illusion: The Plan to Trade 'Alabama' Claims for Canada," Civil War History, Dec 1969, Vol. 15 Issue 4, pp 332-348
^ Phillips, Paul A. (1967). No Power Greater: A Century of Labour in British Columbia. Vancouver: BC Federation of Labour/Boag Foundation. pp. 39–41. 
^ Phillips, Paul A. (1967). No Power Greater: A Century of Labour in British Columbia. Vancouver: BC Federation of Labour/Boag Foundation. pp. 71–74. 
^ Manley, John (1994). "Canadian Communists, Revolutionary Unionism, and the 'Third Period': The Workers' Unity League," (PDF). Journal of the Canadian Historical Association, New Series. 5: 167–194. 
^ Brown, Lorne (1987). When Freedom was Lost: The Unemployed, the Agitator, and the State. Montreal: Black Rose Books. ISBN 978-0-920057-77-3. 
^ Carved From Wood: A History of Mission 1861-1992, Andreas Schroeder, publ. Mission Foundation (1991), 227 pp., ASIN: B000WB9TWM
^ Cole, Douglas & Ira Chaiken 'An Iron Hand Upon the People: The Law against the Potlatch on the Northwest Coast.' Douglas & McIntyre. Vancouver. 1990
^ "Electoral History," Elections BC
^ Haddow, Douglas (5 August 2010). "Marijuana may cause Canada's economic comedown". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 August 2010. 
^ "CCNC Press Release - Chinese Canadians welcome New Year's promise on Head Tax Redress from PM Designate Stephen Harper". Ccnc.ca. 2006-01-26. Retrieved 2013-09-16. 
^ Office of the Prime Minister (2006). "Address by the Prime Minister on the Chinese Head Tax Redress". Government of Canada. Retrieved 2006-08-08. 
^ "Statistics Canada. "Canada’s Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories"".
^ Toronto Star: "China fishes for secrets in rich, vulnerable waters" 11 Dec 2007
^ G+M "The man behind the Teck-CIC deal" 3 Jul 2009
^ Boesveld, Sarah. "Government infiltrated by spies, CSIS boss says". Toronto: The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 5 July 2010. 
^ G+M: "Clark, Robertson to lead B.C. trade missions to Asia" 22 Oct 2013
^ "B.C. and China endorse partnerships" 26 Nov 2013
^ thetyee.ca: "BC Premier Urged to Consider Fast Legal Action Against China Treaty" 24 Oct 2013
^ "Canadian Province Issues Offshore Yuan-Denominated Bonds" 5 Nov 2013
^ a b G+M: "BC Rail trial ends after deal reached" (Mason) 18 Oct 2010
^ "Dziekanski death at hands of RCMP a homicide, B.C. coroner rules". CBC News. The Canadian Press. 8 April 2013. Retrieved 2013-04-11. 
^ news24.com: "Dead drug dealer failed to pay gang, 'Surrey Six' trial hears" 19 Dec 2013
^ a b c d G+M "Timeline: How B.C. has seized $41-million in property in nearly eight years" 25 Jan 2014
^ G+M: "B.C. Opposition plans to question scope of ‘cash cow’ office that seizes property" 28 Jan 2014
^ a b c d e f G+M: "WHEN THE PROVINCE GOES AFTER ILL-GOTTEN GAINS, WHO PAYS?" 25 Jan 2014
^ a b "Official Report of DEBATES OF THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY (Hansard) MONDAY, MARCH 7, 2005 Afternoon Sitting Volume 27, Number 27"
^ a b Huge win for Interior natives, The Province, November 22, 2007


Further reading[edit]
This is a basic guide to major works. For a more extensive guide to resources, see Bibliography of British Columbia.

Barman, Jean. The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia U. of Toronto Press, 1991. 430pp
Carlson, Roy L. and Bona, Luke Dalla, eds. Early Human Occupation in British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1996. 261 pp.
Carty, R. K., ed. Politics, Policy, and Government in British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1996. 381 pp.
Cole, Douglas & Ira Chaiken "An Iron Hand Upon the People: The Law Against the Potlatch on the Northwest Coast." Vancouver/Toronto: Douglas & McIntyre, 1990. ISBN 0-88894-695-3
Francis, Daniel, ed. Encyclopedia of British Columbia. Madeira Park, B.C.: Harbour, 2000. 806 pp.
Griffin, Harold. Radical Roots: The Shaping of British Columbia. Vancouver: Commonwealth Fund, 1999.
Hak, Gordon. Turning Trees into Dollars: The British Columbia Coastal Lumber Industry, 1858-1913. U. of Toronto Press, 2000. 239 pp.
Harris, Cole. The Resettlement of British Columbia: Essays on Colonialism and Geographical Change. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1997. 314 pp.
Hayes, Derek. Historical Atlas of British Columbia and the Pacific Northwest: Maps of Exploration. Vancouver: Cavendish, 1999. 208 pp.
Johnston, Hugh, ed. The Pacific Province: A History of British Columbia. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1996. 352 pp.
McGillivray, Brett. Geography of British Columbia: People and Landscapes in Transition. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 2000. 235pp
Muckle, Robert J. The First Nations of British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1998. 146pp.
Norris, John. Strangers Entertained: A History of Ethnic Groups in British Columbia. Vancouver: Evergreen Press, 1971. 254 pp.
Ormsby, Margaret A. British Columbia: A History (Macmillan, 1958) online edition
Recksten, Terry. The Illustrated History of British Columbia. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 2001. 280 pp.
Roy, Patricia E., ed. A History of British Columbia: Selected Readings (1989)
Woodcock, George. British Columbia: A History of the Province. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1990. 288 pp.
Whitcomb, Dr. Ed. A Short History of British Columbia. Ottawa. From Sea To Sea Enterprises. 2006. 71 pp.

External links[edit]

BC History in images - A visual history of British Columbia starting as early as 1542, from the UBC Library Digital Collections.
British Colonist newspaper in Victoria, complete text Dec. 1858 to June 1910, searchable
British Columbia History Internet/Web Site, 1995–2004, compiled by historian and archivist David Mattison, was succeeded by the British Columbia History Portal, 2003–present.
First Nations Languages of British Columbia contains information about the native languages of British Columbia.
BC History Journal
"Coastal Moving Image Gallery," 1920s film clips of BC First Nations taken by anthropologist Harlan I. Smith, from BC Archives website.







v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 History of Canada



Year list
(Timeline)



18000 BCE–1500 CE
1534–1763
1763–1867
1867–1914
1914–1945
1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
1992–present





Topics



Canadians - (Persons of significance)
Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Cultural
Economic
Etymology
Events of significance
Former colonies & territories
Heritage Minutes
Historic Sites
Immigration
Military

Conflicts
Operations
Peacekeeping
Victories


Monarchical
Population history
Sports
Territorial evolution
Women





Provinces &
territories



British Columbia
Alberta
Saskatchewan
Manitoba
Ontario
Quebec
New Brunswick
Nova Scotia
Prince Edward Island
Newfoundland and Labrador
Yukon
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
(Name etymologies)





Cities



Brampton
Charlottetown
Fredericton
Halifax RM
Hamilton
Lethbridge
Moncton
Montreal
Northwest Territories capital cities
Ottawa
Quebec City
Regina
Saskatoon
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
(Name etymologies)





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=History_of_British_Columbia&oldid=789220318"					
Categories: History of British ColumbiaHistory of the Rocky MountainsOregon CountryHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listPages with DOIs inactive since 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from January 2014Articles with unsourced statements from October 2007Articles with unsourced statements from May 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעבריתPolski 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 July 2017, at 02:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









History of British Columbia - Wikipedia





















 






History of British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada. Originally politically constituted as a pair of British colonies, British Columbia joined the Canadian Confederation on July 20, 1871. Perhaps the most influential historian of British Columbia has been Margaret Ormsby. In British Columbia: A History (1958) she presented a structural model that has been adopted by numerous historians and teachers. Chad Reimer says," in many aspects, it still has not been surpassed." Ormsby posited a series of propositions that provided the dynamic to the history:

the ongoing pull between maritime and continental forces; the opposition between a "closed," hierarchical model of society represented by the Hudson's Bay Company and colonial officials, and the "open," egalitarian vision of English and Canadian settlers; and regional tensions between Vancouver Island and mainland, metropolitan Vancouver and the hinterland interior.[1]




Contents


1 Early history: Native Peoples
2 Early Spanish explorers
3 Early European villages (1788–1790s)
4 Late British expeditions (1790s–1821)
5 From fur trade districts to colonies (1821–1858)
6 Colonial British Columbia (1858–1871)

6.1 Richard Clement Moody and the Royal Engineers
6.2 Ned McGowan's War
6.3 The Foundation of New Westminster
6.4 The feud between Moody and Governor James Douglas
6.5 Other developments
6.6 The Second Gold Rush
6.7 Annexation debate


7 Entry into Canada (1871–1900)
8 20th century

8.1 Rise of the labour movement
8.2 Race and ethnic relations
8.3 Prohibition
8.4 World War II contributions
8.5 Columbia River Treaty


9 21st century

9.1 Crimes
9.2 Civil amercement


10 First Nations
11 See also

11.1 Indigenous peoples
11.2 European empires
11.3 Important figures
11.4 Places
11.5 Events
11.6 Other history articles


12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early history: Native Peoples[edit]




Tsimshian people c. 1890, Metlakatla.


Human history in what has come to be known as British Columbia dates back thousands of years. Archaeology has identified dates in British Columbia as early as 13,500 years ago, with some exciting potential for underwater sites beginning to be detected.
The geography of the land influenced cultural development of the peoples - and in places, allowed for cultural development of permanent villages, complex social institutions and a huge range of languages. BC is divided by anthropological theory into three cultural areas - the Northwest Coast, The Plateau and the North. First Nations in each area developed customs and approaches to living that fit the resources in the region. Through much of British Columbia salmon are available and formed a substantial part of the diet where available. The term pre-contact is used to describe the time period prior to contact between First Nations and European explorers. The precise time of contact varied according to circumstance but took place on the coast between the 1770s and 1800. In places in the Interior it occurred later.
British Columbia, before the arrival of the Europeans, was home to many Indigenous peoples speaking more than 30 different languages, including Babine-Witsuwit'en, Danezaa (Beaver), Carrier, Chilcotin, Gitxsan, Haida, Halkomelem, Kaska, Kutenai, Lillooet, Nisga'a, Nuu-chah-nulth, Nuxalk, Sekani, Shuswap, Sinixt, Squamish, Tagish, Tahltan, Thompson, Tlingit, Tsetsaut, and Tsimshian. There was frequent contact between bands and voyages across the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca were common.
The abundance of natural resources, such as salmon and cedar, enabled the development of a complex hierarchical society within coastal communities. With so much food being available, the peoples of the coastal regions could focus their time on other pursuits such as art, politics, and warfare.
Early Spanish explorers[edit]
The first visitors to present-day British Columbia were Spanish sailors and other European sailors who sailed for the Spanish crown. There is some evidence that the Greek-born Juan de Fuca, who sailed for Spain and explored the West coast of North America in the 1590s, might have reached the passageway between Washington State and Vancouver Island—today known as the Strait of Juan de Fuca. (A later British explorer named Charles William Barkley named the passage after Juan de Fuca's reputed visit.)
There is not much evidence to suggest that European traders and explorers regularly came to present-day British Columbia in the 17th century.
The arrival of Europeans began to intensify in the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While there is a theory and some evidence that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbia Coast in 1579,[2][3][4] it is conventionally claimed that it was Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1775. In doing so, Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the whole of the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513, who declared the whole of the Pacific and its shores as part of the Spanish Empire.
In 1774, the Spanish navigator Juan José Pérez Hernández, a native of Mexico, sailed from San Blas, Nueva Galicia (modern-day Nayarit), with instructions to reach 60° north latitude to discover possible Russian settlements and take possession of the lands for the Spanish Crown. Hernández reached 55° north latitude, becoming the first European to sight the Queen Charlotte Islands and Vancouver Island. He traded with the natives near Estevan Point, although apparently without landing. The expedition was forced to return to Nueva Galicia, due to the lack of provisions.[5][6]
Since Pérez Hernández's first expedition failed to achieve its objective, the Spanish organized a second expedition in 1775 with the same goal. This expedition was commanded by Bruno de Heceta on board the Santiago, piloted by Pérez Hernández, and accompanied by Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra in La Sonora. After illnesses, storms, and other troubles had affected the expedition, de Heceta returned to Nueva Galicia, while Quadra kept on a northward course, ultimately reaching 59° North in what today is Sitka, Alaska.[7] During this expedition, the Spanish made sure to land several times and formally claim the lands for the Spanish Crown, while verifying the absence of Russian settlements along the coast. In the following years, several other Spanish expeditions would set sail from Nueva Galicia bound for the Pacific Northwest.
Three years later, in 1778, the British Royal Navy Captain James Cook arrived in the region, searching for the Northwest Passage, and successfully landed at Nootka Sound on Vancouver Island, where he and his crew traded with the Nuu-chah-nulth First Nation. Upon trading his goods for sea otter pelts, his crew in turn traded them for an enormous profit in Macau on their way back to Britain. This led to an influx of traders to the British Columbian coast, and ongoing economic contact with the aboriginal peoples there.
Early European villages (1788–1790s)[edit]




Nootka Sound marked in Vancouver Island.






Reconstruction of Fort San Miguel.






Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound. Volume I, plate VII from: "A Voyage of Discovery to the North Pacific Ocean and Round the World" by George Vancouver.


In 1788, John Meares, an English navigator and explorer, sailed from China and explored Nootka Sound and the neighbouring coasts. He bought some land from a local chief named Maquinna and built a trading post there.
Two years later, in 1789, the Spanish commander Esteban José Martínez, a native of Seville, established a settlement and started building a fort in Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound, which was named Fort San Miguel. This territory was already considered as part of New Spain by the Spanish due to the previous explorations of the region. Upon Martinez's arrival, a number of British ships were seized, including those of Captain Meares. This originated the Nootka Crisis, which almost led to a war between Britain and Spain. The controversy resulted in the abandonment of the Nootka Sound settlement by the Spanish. Some months later, Manuel Antonio Flores, Viceroy of New Spain, ordered a Francisco de Eliza to rebuild the fort. The expedition, composed of three ships, the Concepción, under the command of De Eliza, the San Carlos, under the command of Salvador Fidalgo and the Princesa Real, under the command of Manuel Quimper, sailed in early 1790 from San Blas in Nueva Galicia and arrived at Nootka Sound in April of that year. The expedition had many Catalan volunteers from the First Free Company of Volunteers of Catalonia, commanded by Pere d'Alberní, a native of Tortosa. The expedition rebuilt the fort, which had been dismantled after Martínez abandoned it. The rebuilt fort included several defensive constructions as well as a vegetable garden to ensure the settlement had food supplies. The Catalan volunteers left the fort in 1792 and Spanish influence in the region ended in 1795 after the Nootka Convention came into force.[8]
Late British expeditions (1790s–1821)[edit]
Subsequently, European explorer-merchants from the east started to discover British Columbia. Three figures dominate in the early history of mainland British Columbia: Sir Alexander Mackenzie, Simon Fraser, and David Thompson. As employees of the North West Company, the three were primarily concerned with discovering a practicable river route to the Pacific, specifically via the Columbia River, for the extension of the fur trade. In 1793, Mackenzie became the first European to reach the Pacific overland north of the Rio Grande. He and his crew entered the region through the Rocky Mountains via the Peace River, reaching the ocean at North Bentinck Arm, near present-day Bella Coola. Shortly thereafter, Mackenzie's companion, John Finlay, founded the first permanent European settlement in British Columbia, Fort St. John, located at the junction of the Beatton and Peace Rivers.
Simon Fraser was the next to try to find the course of the Columbia. During his expedition of 1805-09, Fraser and his crew, including John Stuart, explored much of the British Columbia interior, establishing several forts (Hudson's Hope, Trout Lake Fort, Fort George, Fort Fraser, and Fort St. James). Fraser's expedition took him down the river that now bears his name, to the site of present-day Vancouver. Although both Mackenzie and Fraser reached the Pacific, they found the routes they took impassable for trade. It was David Thompson who found the Columbia River and followed it down to its mouth in 1811. He was unable to establish a claim, however, for the American explorers Lewis and Clark had already claimed the territory for the United States of America six years earlier. The American Fur Company of John Jacob Astor had founded Fort Astoria just months before Thompson arrived, though within a year the local staff at Astoria sold the fort and others in the region to the North West Company, which renamed it Fort George. Though "returned" to US hands as a result of treaty complications at the end of the War of 1812, this meant only there was a parallel US fort adjacent to the NWC one, which was the more prosperous of the two. Following the forced merger of the North West Company and Hudson's Bay Company in 1821, Fort Vancouver was established as the new regional headquarters.
From fur trade districts to colonies (1821–1858)[edit]
Although technically a part of British North America, British Columbia was largely run by the Hudson's Bay Company after its merger with the North West Company in 1821. The Central Interior of the region was organized into the New Caledonia District, a name that came to be generally attributed to the mainland as a whole. It was administered from Fort St. James, about 150 km northwest of present-day Prince George. The Interior south of the Thompson River and north of California was named by the company the Columbia District, and was administered first from Fort Vancouver (present day Vancouver, Washington).
Throughout the 1820s and 1830s, the HBC controlled nearly all trading operations in the Pacific Northwest, based out of the company headquarters at Fort Vancouver on the Columbia River. Although authority over the region was nominally shared by the United States and Britain through the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, company policy, enforced via Chief Factor John McLoughlin of the company's Columbia District, was to discourage any settlement, including US settlement, of the territory. The company's effective monopoly on trade virtually forbade any settlement in the region. It established Fort Boise in 1834 (in present-day southwestern Idaho) to compete with the American Fort Hall, 483 km (300 mi) to the east. In 1837, it purchased Fort Hall, also along the route of the Oregon Trail, where the outpost director displayed the abandoned wagons of discouraged settlers to those seeking to move west along the trail.
Fort Vancouver was the nexus for the fur trade on the Pacific Coast; its influence reached from the Rocky Mountains to the Hawaiian Islands, and from Alaska into Mexican-controlled California. At its pinnacle, Fort Vancouver watched over 34 outposts, 24 ports, six ships, and 600 employees. Also, for many primarily American settlers the fort became the last stop on the Oregon Trail as they could get supplies before starting their homestead.
By 1843 the Hudson's Bay Company operated numerous posts in the Columbia Department, including Fort Vancouver, Fort George (Astoria), Fort Nisqually, Fort Umpqua, Fort Langley, Fort Colville, Fort Okanogan, Fort Kamloops, Fort Alexandria, Flathead Post, Kootanae House, Fort Boise, Fort Hall, Fort Simpson, Fort Taku, Fort McLoughlin (in Milbanke Sound), Fort Stikine, as well as a number of others.[9]
A very high degree of linguistic variation occurs in BC - a response to this was the development of a trade jargon - Chinook Jargon. Not a complete language it was used in trade, governance and some early writings- for example hymns.

By 1811 John Jacob Astor had founded Astoria, and ten years later the Hudson's Bay Company had established itself on the Columbia. In the meantime the explorers and traders had been coming by land. Somewhere and sometime during this period the existence of the (Chinook) Jargon became known. All the Indians talked it to each other and resorted to it in their conversations with the whites. Knowledge of this trade language became a necessary part of the trader's equipment.[10]

Fort Victoria was established as a trading post in 1843, both as a means to protect HBC interests, as well as to assert British claims to Vancouver Island and the adjacent Gulf Islands. The Gulf Islands and Strait of Juan de Fuca are the access point to Puget Sound as well as a fall back position in preparation for the "worst case" scenario settlement of the dispute, in the face of manifest destiny. Increasing numbers of American settlers arriving on the Oregon Trail gave rise to the Oregon boundary dispute. The Hudson's Bay Company dominated and controlled all territory north of the Columbia River. The British position was that a fair division of the Columbia District was a boundary at the Columbia River.
In 1844, the United States Democratic Party asserted that the U.S. had a legitimate claim to the entire Columbia District or Oregon Country, but President James Polk was prepared to draw the border along the 49th parallel, the longstanding U.S. proposal. When the British rejected this offer, Polk broke off negotiations, and American expansionists reasserted the claim, coining slogans (most famously "Fifty-Four Forty or Fight!"). With the outbreak of the Mexican-American War diverting attention and resources, Polk was again prepared to compromise. The Oregon boundary dispute was settled in the 1846 Treaty of Washington. The terms of the agreement established the border between British North America and the United States at the 49th parallel from the Rocky Mountains to the sea, the original American proposal, with all of Vancouver Island retained as British territory.
This effectively destroyed the geographical logic of the HBC's Columbia Department, since the lower Columbia River was the core and lifeline of the system. The U.S. soon organized its portion as the Oregon Territory. The administrative headquarters of fur operations, and of the Columbia Department, then shifted north to Fort Victoria, which had been founded by James Douglas.
In 1849, the Crown Colony of Vancouver Island was created; and in 1851, James Douglas was appointed Governor. Douglas, known as the father of British Columbia, established colonial institutions in Victoria. He started the process of expanding the economic base of the new colony by signing 14 treaties between 1850-1854 to purchase land for settlement and industrial development (coal deposits were known by the HWBC in the vicinities of Nanaimo and Fort Rupert).[11] Subsequent native population crashes later in the 19th century along with economic upheaval and native wars allowed his political successors to be much less consistent with British principles, treaties, and laws.
Meanwhile, on the mainland, New Caledonia continued to focus on the fur trade with few non-native inhabitants (mostly HBC employees and their families)[citation needed] under the administrative oversight of Douglas, who was also the HBC's regional chief executive. The Hudson's Bay Company like the previous French colony and North West Company of Montreal still officially discouraged settlement because it interfered with the lucrative fur trade. The fur trade was a mutually beneficial relationship between the local HBC trading fort and adjacent native tribes. American expansion and control of territory was predicated primarily by settlement of the land not commercial relationships with the existing local population.[12][13] The British made virtually no effort to assert sovereignty over the aboriginal peoples of the area. In accordance with the Royal Proclamation of 1763, large-scale settlement by non-aboriginal people was prohibited until the lands were surrendered by treaty.
Colonial British Columbia (1858–1871)[edit]
In 1858, gold was found along the banks of the Thompson River just east of what is now Lytton, British Columbia, triggering the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. When word got out to San Francisco about gold in British territory, Victoria was transformed overnight into a tent city as prospectors, speculators, land agents, and outfitters flooded in from around the world, mostly via San Francisco. The Hudson's Bay Company's Fort Langley burgeoned economically as the staging point for many of the prospectors heading by boat to the Canyon.
A wide range of linguistic diversity among First Nations and explorers/traders made communication difficult. Trade jargon, initially used by First Nations expanded and changed to include words from English and French to become the Chinook Jargon. Not a complete language, the jargon became widespread among First Nations and early Europeans to enable communication and trade. Though little used today a significant number of place names in British Columbia deprive from Chinook and early anthropologists sometimes recorded stories using the jargon.
At the time, the region was still not under formal colonial authority. Douglas, fearing challenges to the claim of British sovereignty in the region in the face of an influx of some 20,000 Americans, stationed a gunboat at the mouth of the Fraser in order to obtain license fees from those seeking to head upstream. The resolution of the Oregon Boundary Dispute whereby British interests, primarily the HBC, lost governance of all territory between the 49th Parallel and the Columbia River due to a sudden influx of American settlers 8 years previous.
Richard Clement Moody and the Royal Engineers[edit]
When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, the Colonial Office established the mainland as a Crown colony on August 2, 1858, naming it the Colony of British Columbia.[14] Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [15] and “found a second England on the shores of the Pacific”.[16] Lytton desired to send to the colony 'representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force’: he sought men who possessed ‘courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world’[17] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the archetypal 'English gentleman and British Officer’[18] at the head of the Columbia Detachment, which was created by an Act of the British Parliament on 2 August 1858. The Engineers were believed to exemplify the qualities sought by the Government.[19]




Col. Richard Moody, commander of the Columbia detachment


Moody arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary, and the two became close friends.
Ned McGowan's War[edit]
Moody had hoped to begin immediately the foundation of a capital city, but upon his arrival at Fort Langley he learned of an outbreak of violence at the settlement of Hill's Bar. This led to an incident popularly known as "Ned McGowan's War", where Moody led 22 Engineers and Judge Matthew Baillie Begbie to Yale to face down a group of rebellious American miners. Order was restored without further strict pain .
The Foundation of New Westminster[edit]
In British Columbia, Moody ‘wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness’ and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, ‘styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the Crown and of the robe’.[20] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[20] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,
"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[21][22]




Moody likened his vision of the nascent Colony of British Columbia to the pastoral scenes painted by Aelbert Cuyp


Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[23][24]
However, Lord Lytton 'forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town’ and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuous hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, 'made it impossible for [Moody’s] design to be fulfilled’.[25]
The feud between Moody and Governor James Douglas[edit]
Throughout his tenure in British Columbia, Richard Clement Moody was engaged in a bitter feud with Sir James Douglas, Governor of Vancouver Island, whose jurisdiction overlapped with his own. Moody’s position as Chief Commissioner and Lieutenant-Governor was one of ‘higher prestige [and] lesser authority' than that of Douglas, despite Moody's vastly superior social position in the eyes of the Engineers and the British Government: Moody had been selected by Lord Lytton due to his possession of the quality of the "archetypal English gentleman and British Officer", his family was "eminently respectable": he was the son of Colonel Thomas Moody (1779-1849), one of the wealthiest mercantilists in the West Indies, who owned much of the land in the islands where Douglas's father owned a small amount of land and from which Douglas's mother, "a half-breed", originated. Governor Douglas's ethnicity and made him ‘an affront to Victorian society’.[26] Mary Moody, the descendant of the Hawks industrial dynasty and the Boyd merchant banking family,[27] wrote on 4 August 1859 "it is not pleasant to serve under a Hudson's Bay Factor" and that the "Governor and Richard can never get on".[28] In letter to the Colonial Office of 27 December 1858, Richard Clement Moody boasts that he has ‘entirely disarmed [Douglas] of all jealously"[29] Douglas repeatedly insulted the Engineers by attempting to assume their command[30] and refusing to acknowledge their value in the nascent colony[31]
Margaret A. Ormsby, author of the Dictionary of Canadian Biography entry for Moody (2002), condemns Moody for a contribution to the abortive development of the city. However, most other historians have exonerated Moody for the abortive development of the city and consider his achievement to be impressive, especially with regard to the perpetual insufficiency of funds and the personally motivated opposition of Douglas, whose opposition to the project continually retarded its development. Robert Edgar Cail,[32] Don W. Thomson,[33] Ishiguro, and Scott have praised Moody for his contribution, the latter accusing Ormsby of being ‘adamant in her dislike of Colonel Moody’ despite the evidence,[34] and almost all biographies of Moody, including those of the Institute of Civil Engineers, the Royal Engineers, and the British Columbia Historical Association, are flattering.
Other developments[edit]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing. Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.




Frederick Seymour, second governor of the Colony of British Columbia, and his cat.


Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment was disbanded in July, 1863. The Moody family, only 22 men and 8 wives returned to England, while the rest, 130 sappers, elected to remain in BC.[35] Scott contends that the departure of the Engineers 'doomed' the development of the settlement and the fruition of Lord Lytton's dream.[36] Chartres Brew replaced Moody as land commissioner.
The Second Gold Rush[edit]
A second major gold rush in the Cariboo region of the colony occurred in 1861-64, in the midst of smaller ones, notably in the Omenica, Big Bend and on the Stikine. The influx of gold miners into B.C.'s economy led to the creation of basic infrastructure in B.C., most notably, the creation of the Cariboo Wagon Road which linked the Lower Mainland to the rich gold fields of Barkerville. However, the enormous costs of the road, and its predecessor the Douglas Road and services such as the Gold Escort, left B.C. in debt by the mid-1860s. In 1866, because of the massive debt leftover from the gold rush, the mainland and Vancouver Island became one colony named British Columbia, with its capital in Victoria.
On Vancouver Island settlement and industrial development took place along the shorelines. For example, see the 19th century settlement in Comox or Colony of Vancouver Island.
Annexation debate[edit]
In 1867, there were three options open: to continue as a British colony, to be annexed by the United States, or to confederate with the newly formed Dominion of Canada.[37][38] In Britain, many Little Englanders expected, or even hoped, that its North American colonies would depart from the British Empire.[39] Admiral Joseph Denman told the Admiralty that British Columbia did not deserve Royal Navy protection, and advised the British government to "divest herself of these possessions by any means consistent with honour".[40] Secretary of State for the Colonies Lord Granville stated his wish that British North America "would propose to be independent and annex themselves". The Times' view was the British consensus:

British Columbia is a long way off. ... With the exception of a limited official class it receives few immigrants from England, and a large proportion of its inhabitants consists of citizens of the United States who have entered it from the south. Suppose that the colonists met together and came to the conclusion that every natural motive of contiguity, similarity of interests, and facility of administration induced them to think it more convenient to slip into the Union than into the Dominion. ... We all know that we should not attempt to withstand them.[41]

Financially, becoming officially part of the United States made sense since British Columbia was economically essentially a satellite of San Francisco—the most important city of the entire American west and North America's Pacific coast—Washington, and Oregon, which provided all of the colony's supplies despite a substantial American tariff. American currency circulated widely in the colony, whose nearest British neighbors were Red River 2,000 miles to the east, and Hong Kong to the west.[39][41] San Francisco's population in the 1860s exceeded 60,000, while Victoria's never rose above 4,000. All mail from British Columbia went through San Francisco, forcing the colony's post office to keep large amounts of American postage stamps.[42]:184,186–187 The opening of the American transcontinental railroad in 1869 made it possible to travel by ship from Victoria to San Francisco, then by train to Ottawa or Washington in just 24 days. With the gold now gone, most of the American miners had left, and the economic future did not look promising unless B.C. could join the very rapidly growing, rich economies of the Pacific states.
While American residents of British Columbia celebrated the United States' purchase of Alaska in 1867, having American territory to their north and south caused British residents' fears for the future of their colony to grow.[43] Alaska was part of American Secretary of State William H. Seward's plan to incorporate the entire northwest Pacific Coast, chiefly for the long-term commercial advantages to the United States in terms of Pacific trade. Seward believed that the people in British Columbia wanted annexation and that Britain would accept this in exchange for the Alabama claims. In the event, Seward dropped the idea of an exchange and accepted an arbitration plan that settled the Alabama claims for cash.[44] When a false report circulated in April, soon after the Alaska news, that the British government was considering settling the claims by ceding the colony, a substantial annexation movement appeared supported by many residents and three of the colony's six newspapers.[43]
Anti-confederationists, who were not necessarily annexationists, were the majority on Vancouver Island. That said, annexationists argued that the colony would never be able to negotiate with the United States a free trade agreement similar to the Reciprocity Treaty of 1854, and that annexation would end the disadvantage of the American tariff. Most Canadian-born residents supported confederation with their land of origin but were not very popular, as many in the colony believed that they sent their money home instead of spending it in British Columbia as the American-born colonists did. Residents of the mainland almost unanimously supported confederation with the rest of British North America; they argued that this would benefit the colony as Canada would soon negotiate another reciprocity treaty. Many British-born colonists were on both sides.[41][42]:190–192,208–209
Representative Nathaniel P. Banks of Massachusetts' Annexation Bill of 1866 offered voluntary annexation to British North America, including territorial status for Vancouver Island and British Columbia together as the "territory of Columbia". The bill was unsuccessful, as was Senator Alexander Ramsey of Minnesota's 1867 proposal that the United States, as part of another reciprocity treaty with Canada, offer $6 million to the Hudson's Bay Company for the territory west of the 90th longitude. The US would assume British Columbia's $2 million debt, and subsidize the Northern Pacific Railway to build a road to Puget Sound.[42]:196–198 Two American military officers, who travelled throughout British Columbia for two months while arranging for supply of occupation troops in Alaska, wrote a detailed report to Washington in November 1867 of their belief that a majority of residents supported annexation. They claimed that "[i]t did not become necessary in a single instance to broach the subject of the cession of that territory to the United States, for it was the constant theme of conversation". Employees of the Hudson's Bay Company were said to be especially supportive, although they and many others could not make their opinion public because of fears of being denounced as disloyal.[43] A majority of British Columbians never publicly supported American annexation, however, and support for joining Canada grew over time;[39] in particular, annexationists failed to persuade the anti-confederation Hudson's Bay Company officials and their friends that dominated Vancouver Island politics.[42]:209 Accusations that "American gold" and "American greenbacks" funded "renegade Englishmen" likely hurt annexation support; whether the US officers' belief of the existence of widespread covert support was correct, by October 1867 annexation no longer appeared as a topic in British Columbia newspapers or documents.[43]
Until the Alaska Purchase and the new Dominion status[45] (which were almost simultaneous), the British had been indifferent to the fate of British Columbia. London now paid attention, and realized the value of B.C. as a base for its imperial trade opportunities in the Pacific and the need of the Royal Navy for a station in the region.[46] By 1868 public opinion was likely on the confederation side. Annexationists (or, at least, anti-confederationists) were in control of the Legislative Council of British Columbia, however, and in February 1869 passed a resolution opposing confederation;[42]:213[41] until his death the colonial governor, Frederick Seymour, also opposed confederation. Successor Anthony Musgrave supported confederation (after being unsuccessful in bringing Newfoundland into Canada)[42]:192 but due to an accident was delayed in his duties; meanwhile, annexation support revived during the winter of 1869-1870.[41] One hundred four individuals, about one percent of the white population of the colony, signed an 1869 petition to President Ulysses S. Grant asking for annexation. While there is no reason to believe that they accurately represented the majority opinion, it is true that many colonists viewed Washington and London as equal competitors for British Columbia's loyalty depending on who offered more incentives, while Ottawa was more foreign and less familiar.[42]:206–208
In August 1869 Lord Granville communicated London's new view of British Columbia when he wrote to Musgrave, "I have no hesitation in stating that [support of confederation] is also the opinion of Her Majesty's Government."[42]:195 In February 1870 Musgrave successfully persuaded the Legislative Council to pass a resolution supporting confederation with Canada. Many British-born colonists now supported confederation as the best way to maintain a connection with Britain. By April the Victoria Colonist reported that a mass meeting in Victoria supported confederation while "the most vague hint in the direction of annexation was met with a howl of execration".[41][42]:214 Musgrave proposed an attractive plan for joining Canada, with the Dominion assuming the colony's debt and building a new Canadian transcontinental railway that would eliminate the reliance on the American railroad. Meanwhile, the United States was so focused on issues of Reconstruction, that few Americans picked up on Seward's grand dream to expand Manifest Destiny to the Pacific.[47][48][40]
Entry into Canada (1871–1900)[edit]
See also: British Columbia § Rapid growth and development




1896 map of British Columbia showing federal electoral districts.






A map produced in London in 1873 to facilitate emigration to British Columbia showing the natural resources of the new province.


Both the depressed economic situation arising from the collapse of the gold rushes, as well as a desire for the establishment of truly responsible and representative government, led to enormous domestic pressure for British Columbia to join the Canadian Confederation, which had been proclaimed in 1867. The Confederation League, spearheaded by three future premiers of the province — Amor De Cosmos, Robert Beaven, and John Robson — took a leading role in pushing the colony towards this goal. And so it was on July 20, 1871, that British Columbia became the sixth province to join Canada. In return for entering Confederation, Canada absorbed B.C.'s massive debt, and promised to build a railway from Montreal to the Pacific coast within 10 years.
Contrary to popular belief British Columbia did not demand a transcontinental railroad as a condition of confederation; its delegates expected a wagon road, but John A. Macdonald's national government proposed the railroad as a substitute, with Ottawa and London viewing it as a way of connecting not just British Columbia but the prairies with the rest of the British Empire.[42]:235–236 The promise of a railroad became, however, the most important reason for British Columbia to stay within Canada. The provincial legislature threatened to secede in 1878 because Macdonald's successor Alexander Mackenzie, whose Liberal Party had opposed the railroad, attempted to modify the promise; Macdonald's return to power that year likely kept British Columbia from departing Canada.[41][42]:236–238 In fulfillment of the promise, the last spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway was driven in Craigellachie on 7 November 1885. (No good road yet existed between British Columbia and other provinces; until the completion of the Trans-Canada Highway automobiles had to enter the United States to travel to eastern Canada.)[42]:240–241,406
The mining frontier in B.C. led to the creation of many mines and smelters, mostly through American investment. One of the world's largest smelters still exists today in Trail. The capital and work to be found in B.C. during the turn of the 19th century to the 20th century led to the creation of several new towns in B.C. such as Nelson, Nakusp, Slocan, Kimberley, Castlegar, Rossland, and Salmo. A large coal empire run by Robert Dunsmuir, and his son and later premier, James Dunsmuir also developed on Vancouver Island during this era.
As the economy on the mainland continued to improve as a result of improved transportation and increased settlement, other resource-based economic activity began to flourish. Throughout the latter half of the nineteenth century, fishing, forestry, and farming (including the planting of extensive orchards in the Okanagan region) became the "three F's" on which the new province built its economy — a situation that persisted well into the late twentieth century.
With the booming economy came the expansion of the original fur trading posts into thriving communities (such as Victoria, Nanaimo, and Kamloops). It also led to the establishment of new communities, such as Yale, New Westminster, and — most notably, though a latecomer — Vancouver. The product of the consolidation of the burgeoning mill towns of Granville and Hastings Mill located near the mouth of the Fraser on Burrard Inlet in the later 1860s, Vancouver was incorporated in 1886 following its selection as the railhead for the Canadian Pacific Railway. Despite a devastating fire which all but wiped out the city three months later, Vancouver quickly became the largest city in the province, its ports conveying both the resource wealth of the province as well as that transported from the prairie provinces by rail, to markets overseas. Vancouver's status as the principal city in the province has endured, augmented by growth in the surrounding municipalities of Richmond, Burnaby, Surrey, Delta, Coquitlam, and New Westminster. Today, Metro Vancouver is the third most populous metropolitan area in Canada, behind Toronto and Montreal.
It was also during this period where ethnic diversity began to develop significantly, as immigration was not fed entirely by European countries. Chinese and Japanese emigrants made many coastal settlements home, beginning in the 1850s, and became increasingly more pronounced in the 1880s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




Truck loaded with logs on temporary logging road, BC 1936


Since the days of the fur trade, British Columbia's economy has been based on natural resources, particularly fishing, logging and mining. From the canneries to the mills and mines, B.C.'s resource sector was increasingly the domain of large commercial interests.
With industrialization and economic growth, workers arrived to join in the seemingly boundless prosperity. Increasingly, these workers came from Asia as well as Europe. The mix of cultures and diversity was a source of strength, but also, often, of conflict. The early part of the 20th century was a time of great change and talk between immigrants and the First Nations, all of whom found their lives changing rapidly.
Rise of the labour movement[edit]
The dominance of the economy by big business was accompanied by an often militant labour movement. The first major sympathy strike was in 1903 when railway employees struck against the CPR for union recognition. Labour leader Frank Rogers was killed while picketing at the docks by CPR police during that strike, becoming the British Columbia movement's first martyr.[49] Canada's first general strike occurred following the death of another labour leader, Ginger Goodwin, in 1918, at the Cumberland coal mines on Vancouver Island.[50] A lull in industrial tensions through the later 1920s came to an abrupt end with the Great Depression. Most of the 1930s strikes were led by Communist Party organizers.[51] That strike wave peaked in 1935 when unemployed men flooded the city to protest conditions in the relief camps run by the military in remote areas throughout the province. After two tense months of daily and disruptive protesting, the relief camp strikers decided to take their grievances to the federal government and embarked on the On-to-Ottawa Trek,[52] but their commandeered train was met by a gatling gun at Hatzic, just east of Mission City, and the strikers arrested and interned in work camps for the duration of the Depression.[53]
Race and ethnic relations[edit]




The Komagata Maru and HMCS Rainbow


At the time that BC was settled the ideology of the British Empire, and of many of its colonial settlers was based on an assumption of superiority, often racial superiority based on the pseudo-science of Race. Racism and a desire to create a white colony were widespread. The scientific thinking of Charles Darwin was used to develop a theory of the races, which is today completely discredited - came to be known as Social Darwinism.
Under the ideology of Social Darwinism a series of restrictive laws were passed, by both federal and provincial levels of government. The Potlatch Ban outlawed First Nations cultural and spiritual practices,[54] non-white people were denied the vote - specifically First Nations, Chinese and Japanese people were not eligible to vote.
During the 20th century, many immigrant groups arrived in British Columbia and today, Vancouver is the second most ethnically diverse city in Canada, only behind Toronto. In 1886, a head tax was imposed on the Chinese, which reached as much as $500 per person to enter Canada by 1904. By 1923 the government passed the Chinese Immigration Act, which prohibited all Chinese immigration until 1947. Sikhs had to face an amended Immigration Act in 1908 that required Sikhs to have $200 on arrival in Canada, and immigration would be allowed only if the passenger had arrived by continuous journey from India, which was impossible. Perhaps the most famous incident of anti-Sikh racism in B.C. was in 1914 when the Komagata Maru arrived in Vancouver harbour with 376 Sikhs aboard, of whom only 20 were allowed entry. The Komagata Maru spent two months in harbour while the Khalsa Society went through the courts to appeal their case. The Khalsa Society also kept the passengers on the Komagata Maru alive during those two months. When the case was lost, HMCS Rainbow, a Royal Canadian Navy cruiser, escorted the Komagata Maru out to sea while thousands of Caucasians cheered from the seawall of Stanley Park.
During the Second World War, security concerns following the bombing of Pearl Harbor and Canada's entry into the war versus Japan led to controversial measures. The local Japanese-Canadian population was openly discriminated against, being put in internment camps. The Pacific Coast Militia Rangers were formed in 1942 in order to provide an armed presence on the coast in addition to the pre-war fortress garrisons, which were expanded after hostilities. Japanese military attacks against BC amounted to a small number of parachute bombs released from great distance away and by the middle of 1942 the threat of direct attack diminished following defeat at the Battle of Midway by US forces.
Prohibition[edit]
Alcohol was prohibited in British Columbia for about four years, from 1917 to 1921. A referendum in 1916 asked BC citizens whether they approved of making alcohol illegal (the other question was whether women had the right to vote). The contested results rejecting prohibition led to a major political scandal that subsequently saw the referendum being overturned and alcohol prohibited.[55] However, by 1921 the failures were so apparent—a thriving black market, arbitrary (often class- and race-based) enforcement and punishment, rampant corruption—that alcohol was established as a commodity subject to government regulation and taxation as it is today. U.S. prohibition in the 1920s and early 1930s led to a thriving business of producing and smuggling alcohol to quench the thirst of BC's southern neighbors. Many of Vancouver's richest families built or consolidated their fortunes in the rum-running business. Some compare today's robust cannabis-growing industry in BC (the number-one cash crop) to this earlier era.[56]
World War II contributions[edit]
A Pacific Command was created in 1942 also, and was disbanded in 1945. During the war a range of coastal defences were constructed, including harbour defences for Vancouver. Today's Museum of Anthropology at UBC sits atop the foundation for gun batteries that were used to command Vancouver Harbour approaches.
Militia units from southern BC provided cadres for many regiments that eventually fought in Europe. The Rocky Mountain Rangers sent a battalion to fight the Japanese in the Battle of the Aleutian Islands in 1943. Thousands more British Columbians volunteered for the Royal Canadian Navy and Royal Canadian Air Force. Two soldiers, Ernest Alvia Smith and John Keefer Mahony, were awarded the Victoria Cross for actions with BC-based regiments in Italy.
Columbia River Treaty[edit]
In 1961, British Columbia ratified the Columbia River Treaty which required the building of three large dams in British Columbia in return for financial compensation related to U.S. hydroelectric power production enabled by the dams. The dams flooded large areas within British Columbia, but would prove to be a very stable and renewable source of power for the province.
21st century[edit]
If the 20th century can be said to have been (see above) one of ethnocultural strife, the 21st thus far can be said to be one of relative harmony. One of the first pronouncements of Stephen Harper, upon his victory in the 39th general election to the Parliament in Ottawa, was that proper redress would be afforded the payers of the Chinese head tax. [57] On 22 June 2006, he offered an apology and $20,000 compensation for the head tax once paid by Chinese immigrants.[58] Asian people, at 20.2% of the total population, were in the 2006 census by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.[59]
The Chinese appeasement policies continue to bear fruit. Whereas prior to 2009 the Federal government was ill-disposed toward the Chinese,[60] by spring of that year the China Investment Corporation was able to purchase of a 17% share fraction of the Vancouver miner Teck Resources.[61] The transition of views on the Chinese government has been unprecedented, from one of fear[62] to one of official cooperation[63][64] in the space of five years, and in the face of popular trepidation.[65] In November 2013, British Columbia finance minister Mike de Jong reported a successful placement of Chinese RMB$2.5bn in dim sum bonds.[66]
The province hosted the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler.
Crimes[edit]

The scandal of the December 2003 BC Legislature Raids, which led to the October 2010 conviction of Dave Basi and Bob Virk, ministerial aides to Gary Collins and Janet Reid, respectively,[67] involved "bribes - cash, meals and NFL tickets - in exchange for leaking confidential [information] about the sale" of BC Rail.[67] The case set precedent in R. v. Basi, according to which defendants' counsel may participate at pre-trial hearings involving a police informant.
Although Robert Pickton had apparently claimed responsibility for 49 murders at or near his pig farm in Port Coquitlam, at trial by jury in 2007 he was only convicted of six.
On 14 October 2007, Robert Dziekański was tasered by a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer. The incident might have been unreported, but for the cell-phone video taken by eyewitness Paul Pritchard. It took six years for the provincial coroner to determine that death of Dziekanski was a homicide.[68]
A drug dealer who failed to pay $100,000 to the Red Scorpion gang for trafficking on the its turf was the catalyst for the execution of six people in a Surrey high rise in 2007.[69]

Civil amercement[edit]
After a scandal-filled second term for the BC NDP government, the BC Liberals won the 2001 election with the biggest landslide in BC history: 77 of 79 seats. Gordon Campbell became the seventh premier in ten years, and the first Liberal premier in almost 50 years. On 25 November 2005, the Civil Forfeiture Act (CFA) was passed by Campbell's second government with a 3:2 majority. This Act followed Ontario's Civil Remedies Act, which had passed in November 2003.[70] This Act makes it possible for the government to amerce or to seize property without due process, and the Civil Forfeiture Office (CFO) has been eager to use this power in order to fill the coffers of government.[71][72] The office does not need criminal charges, or convictions, to amerce a property.[72] Bill 5 was introduced by Solicitor-General Rich Coleman, who made liberal use of the "organised crime" fear, uncertainty and doubt tactic.[73] He also mentioned that Ontario, Manitoba and Alberta had also recently introduced similar legislation.[73]
The Act, which was brought in with "organised crime" as the target, since at least 2007 has been expanded to target ordinary citizens. In latter-day practice, amercements may include partial (Jang) or full seizure (Lloydsmith, Rai) of a house.[70] On 4 May 2011, Solicitor-General Shirley Bond of Christy Clark's first government introduced the concept of "administrative forfeiture", under which a civil court is no longer required to judge amercements of property worth less than $75,000.[70] The CFO moved in summer 2012 to seize the Guide Certificate of Robert Milligan, a certain way to destroy his livelihood.[70] The CFO has a budgetary target.[72] Offences under the Motor Vehicle Act, Wildlife Act and Employment Standards Act are now pursued by the CFO.[72] The public is now bribed with the proceeds, for example, violence-prevention projects at six schools, an anti-gang campaign, women and family violence programs and a workshop on sexual exploitation awareness.[72] Justice Minister Suzanne Anton expressed unreserved support for the CFO and CFA in a January 2014 interview.[72]
First Nations[edit]
The legacy of British Imperialism in BC is unusual in that neither conquest nor treaties were undertaken as settlement occurred under the doctrine of Terra Nullius. With few exceptions (the Douglas Treaties of Fort Rupert and southern Vancouver Island) no treaties were signed. Some early settlers assumed, based on the catastrophic population crash of First Nations peoples linked to smallpox, and racist ideas that 'Indians' were a dying race led to a lack of action to deal with what was then termed the 'Indian Land Question'.
Upon Confederation the federal government assumed responsibility for Indians and lands reserved for Indians, while the province had responsibility for non-Aboriginal civil matters and resources. The 1913 McKenna-McBride Royal Commission made some amendments to lands but failed to deal with issues pertaining to title and First Nations rights. Several delegations to Ottawa and London were sent by First Nations seeking redress for grievances, to little avail. Instead the Indian Act, federal legislation governing First Nations, was amended to make it a crime to organize or engage legal council. Other oppressive measure also accompanied the amendment including the Potlatch Ban and the increasingly applied Indian Residential School system designed to assimilate First Nations.
The status of the First Nations (Aboriginal) people of British Columbia is a long-standing problem that has become a major issue in recent years. First Nations were confined to tiny reserves that no longer provide an economic base. They were provided with inadequate education and discriminated against in numerous ways. In many areas they were excluded from restaurants and other establishments. Status Indians gained the right to vote in 1960. They were prohibited from possessing alcohol, which rather than preventing problems with this drug, exacerbated them by fostering unhealthy patterns of consumption such as binge drinking.[citation needed] Certain privileges of status Indians are governed by the Indian Act. With the exception of what are known as the Douglas Treaties, negotiated by Sir James Douglas with the native people of the Victoria area, no treaties were signed in British Columbia until 1998. Many native people wished to negotiate treaties, but the province refused until 1990. Another major development was the 1997 decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in the Delgamuukw v. British Columbia case that aboriginal title still exists in British Columbia.
60% of First Nations in British Columbia are aligned with the First Nations Summit. This brings a total of 58 First Nations, but only 20 are said to be in active negotiations. Three Final Agreements have been settled, with one being rejected by Lheidli T'enneh in 2007. The other two, the Maa-nulth treaty group, a 5 Nuu-chah-nulth member group, and the Tsawwassen First Nation. Although these treaties have yet to be ratified by Parliament in Ottawa and Legislature in Victoria, neighbouring First Nations are seeking to block these treaties in the courts. A group of Vancouver Island and some mainland First Nations, the WSANEC, Lekwungen, and Semiahmoo, are seeking to block to Tsawwassen First Nation treaty, claiming infringement on their rights and land titles. On the west coast of Vancouver Island, the Ditidaht First Nation is doing the same against the Maa-nulth treaty group. The only treaty signed in recent years, the Nisga'a Treaty (1998), was negotiated outside of the current treaty process. There is considerable disagreement about treaty negotiations. Among indigenous people, there is mounting criticism of extinguishment of Aboriginal title and continued assimilation strategies by attempting to change the indigenous peoples from nations to municipal style government. Therefore, a substantial number of First Nations governments consider the current treaty process inadequate and have refused to participate.[citation needed]
A November 2007 court ruling for the Xeni Gwet'in First Nation called future participation in the process into question. The judge ruled that the Xeni Gwet'in could demonstrate aboriginal title to half of the Nemaia Valley, and that the province had no power over these lands.[74] Under the BC treaty process, negotiating nations have received as little as 5% of their claimed land recognized. Grand Chief Stewart Phillip, president of the Union of B.C. Indian Chiefs, called the court victory a "nail in the coffin" of the B.C. treaty process.[74]
See also[edit]

Outline of British Columbia § History of British Columbia

Indigenous peoples[edit]





Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast
Dane-zaa
Dakelh

Babine
Wet'suwet'en


Syilx




Haida people
Heiltsuk
Sto:lo
Kaska Dena
Ktunaxa
Kwakwaka'wakw
Gitxsan
Musqueam




St'at'imc

In-SHUCK-ch Nation
Lil'wat


Nisga'a
Nuu-chah-nulth
Nuxalk
Sekani
Wuikinuxv




Secwepemc
Sinixt
Squamish people
Tagish
Tahltan
Haisla
Nicola




Tsilhqot'in
Nlaka'pamux
Tlingit
Tsetsaut
Tsimshian
Saulteaux





European empires[edit]

Former colonies and territories in Canada
Spanish Empire
Russian Empire
British Empire

Important figures[edit]
By nationality, in chronological order of influence to the region:

Natives:

Maquinna, Nuu-chah-nulth chief
Chief Nicola, leader of the eponymous Nicola people and Grand Chief of the Okanagan
Klattasine (Klatsassan), Tsilhqot'in chief
Joe Capilano (Khatsahlano), Squamish chief
Chief Dan George, Tsleil-waututh (Burrard) chief and actor


Spaniards:

Vasco Núñez de Balboa (1475–1519), Spanish explorer and conquistador from Jerez de los Caballeros, claimed possession of the Pacific Ocean and all adjoining lands in the name of the Spanish sovereigns in 1513.
Juan José Pérez Hernández (1725–1775), Majorcan born Spanish explorer, first European to explore the region in 1774.
Bruno de Heceta (1744–1807), Basque born Spanish explorer, explored the region in 1775.
Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra (1743–1794), Liman born Spanish explorer, explored the region in an expedition in 1775 along with Bruno de Heceta.
Esteban José Martínez, Sevillan born Spanish explorer who founded the Spanish fort in Nootka Sound in 1789. It can be considered the first formal colony in the region (prior to that there was only a trade post founded by the Englishman John Meares).
Gonzalo López de Haro, accompanied Esteban José Martínez in the 1789 expedition.
Francisco de Eliza, made an expedition to Nootka Sound in 1790 to rebuild the Spanish fort abandoned by Esteban José Martínez.
Pere d'Alberní (1747–1802), Catalan born Spanish soldier and explorer from Tortosa, Captain of the First Free Company of Volunteers of Catalonia appointed in Nootka Sound. His mission was to rebuild the fort, after Esteban José Martínez had abandoned it. He went with his company in the expedition of Francisco de Eliza, in 1790.
Salvador Fidalgo, Catalan born Spanish explorer from La Seu d'Urgell, made an expedition to Nootka Sound in 1790.
José María Narváez, Spanish explorer, discovered Point Grey (modern day Vancouver, British Columbia) on July 5, 1791.
Dionisio Alcalá Galiano, explorer commissioned by the King; first European to circumnavigate Vancouver Island, and author of the "Relacion".


British or from the British Isles

Francis Drake, British privateer
James Cook, British explorer
John Meares, British explorer
George Vancouver, British explorer
Alexander Mackenzie, British explorer
David Thompson, British explorer
James Douglas, first Governor of British Columbia
Matthew Baillie Begbie, first Chief Justice of British Columbia


The Canadas and the Maritimes

Simon Fraser, fur company explorer
Francis Jones Barnard, expressman and entrepreneur (Ontario)
Amor de Cosmos, newspaperman and Premier (Nova Scotia)
W.A.C. Bennett, retailer and Premier (New Brunswick)



Places[edit]





Pacific Northwest
Alaska
British Columbia
Colony of British Columbia
New Caledonia




Columbia District
Washington
Oregon
Oregon Country
British Columbia ghost towns




Stikine Territory
Queen Charlotte Islands
Vancouver Island
Colony of Vancouver Island
Nootka Sound





Events[edit]





Nootka Crisis
Nootka Convention
Oregon Treaty
British Columbia Gold Rushes




Oregon boundary dispute
Alaska Boundary Dispute
Pig War




Columbia River Treaty
Komagata Maru
Japanese Canadian internment





Other history articles[edit]

Heritage Minutes
History of the west coast of North America
List of ships in British Columbia
List of Royal Navy ships in the Pacific Northwest
History of Squamish and Tsleil-Waututh longshoremen, 1863-1963

References[edit]


^ Chad Reimer "Ormsby, Margaret A." in Kelly Boyd, ed. (1999). Encyclopedia of Historians and Historical Writing, vol. 2. p. 886. ISBN 9781884964336. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Book Review: The Secret Voyage of Sir Francis Drake, Macleans magazine, July 18, 2003, quoted entire in The Canadian Encyclopedia
^ Sir Francis Drake article, The Canadian Encyclopedia
^ Another victory for Drake: Amateur treasure hunter's coin find proves English hero discovered Canada before the Spanish, AP Reporter, Daily Mail, London, March 14 2014
^ Centro de Investigación Científica y de Educación Superior de Ensenada
^ Nootka Sound Service LTD's website
^ The Online Encyclopedia of Washington State History
^ Catalans al Canadà, page 7, study from the Fundació d'Estudis Històrics de Catalunya
^ Mackie, Richard Somerset (1997). Trading Beyond the Mountains: The British Fur Trade on the Pacific 1793-1843. Vancouver: University of British Columbia (UBC) Press. p. 250. ISBN 0-7748-0613-3.  online at Google Books
^ Thomas, Edward Harper. Chinook: A History and Dictionary. Portland, Ore. Winford & Morts. 1935. ISBN 0-8323-0217-1
^ "First Nations Negotiations - Province of British Columbia". Gov.bc.ca. Retrieved 2017-04-21. 
^ The Canadian Frontier 1534-1760 by W.J. Eccles.
^ Superior Rendezvous Place Fort William in the Canadian Fur Trade by J. Morrison
^ It was named after the Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company, which in turn was named after the Columbia River. Ged Martin, "The Naming of British Columbia," Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies, Vol. 10, No. 3 (Autumn, 1978), pp. 257-263 in JSTOR
^ Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 7–27. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Ormsby
^ "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved 3 November 2016. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 19–20. 
^ Howard, Joseph Jackson (1893–1906). Heraldic Visitation of England and Wales. 8. pp. 161–164.
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 23. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 25. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 109. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 115–117. 
^ Cail, Robert Edgar (1974). Land, Man, and the Law: The Disposal of Crown Lands in British Columbia, 1871 -1913, Vancouver, University of British Columbia. p. 60. 
^ Thomson, Don W. (1966). Men and Meridians, Vol. 1. Ottawa, Department of Mines and Technical Surveys, Government of Canada. p. 282. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 131. 
^ Ormsby.
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 137. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia (1991) p. 91
^ Charles Hou and Marlena Morgan, eds. The Destiny of British Columbia: confederation or annexation? (1984)
^ a b c Sage, Walter N. (1932). "The Critical Period of British Columbia History, 1866-1871". Pacific Historical Review. 1 (4): 424–443. JSTOR 3633112. doi:10.2307/3633112. 
^ a b David E. Shi, "Seward's Attempt to Annex British Columbia, 1865-1869," Pacific Historical Review, May 1978, Vol. 47 Issue 2, pp 217-238 in JSTOR
^ a b c d e f g Keenlyside, Hugh LL.; Brown, Gerald S. (1952). Canada and the United States: Some Aspects of Their Historical Relations. Alfred A. Knopf. pp. 129–136. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Howay, F. W.; Sage, W. N.; Angus, H. F. (1942). British Columbia and the United States: The North Pacific Slope from Fur Trade to Aviation. Toronto: The Ryerson Press. 
^ a b c d Neunherz, R. E. (1989). ""Hemmed In": Reactions in British Columbia to the Purchase of Russian America". The Pacific Northwest Quarterly. 80 (3): 101–111. JSTOR 40491056. doi:10.2307/40491056 (inactive 2017-01-31). 
^ Charles Emmerson, The Future History of the Arctic (2010) p 74
^ Reginald Trotter, "Canada as a Factor in Anglo-American Relations in the 1860s," Canadian Historical Review, (1935) 16:354.
^ John Herd Thompson and Stephen J. Randall, Canada and the United States: Ambivalent Allies (4th ed. 2008) pp 46-7
^ Barman, The West Beyond the West (1991) pp 91-97
^ Doris W. Dashew, "The Story of An Illusion: The Plan to Trade 'Alabama' Claims for Canada," Civil War History, Dec 1969, Vol. 15 Issue 4, pp 332-348
^ Phillips, Paul A. (1967). No Power Greater: A Century of Labour in British Columbia. Vancouver: BC Federation of Labour/Boag Foundation. pp. 39–41. 
^ Phillips, Paul A. (1967). No Power Greater: A Century of Labour in British Columbia. Vancouver: BC Federation of Labour/Boag Foundation. pp. 71–74. 
^ Manley, John (1994). "Canadian Communists, Revolutionary Unionism, and the 'Third Period': The Workers' Unity League," (PDF). Journal of the Canadian Historical Association, New Series. 5: 167–194. 
^ Brown, Lorne (1987). When Freedom was Lost: The Unemployed, the Agitator, and the State. Montreal: Black Rose Books. ISBN 978-0-920057-77-3. 
^ Carved From Wood: A History of Mission 1861-1992, Andreas Schroeder, publ. Mission Foundation (1991), 227 pp., ASIN: B000WB9TWM
^ Cole, Douglas & Ira Chaiken 'An Iron Hand Upon the People: The Law against the Potlatch on the Northwest Coast.' Douglas & McIntyre. Vancouver. 1990
^ "Electoral History," Elections BC
^ Haddow, Douglas (5 August 2010). "Marijuana may cause Canada's economic comedown". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 August 2010. 
^ "CCNC Press Release - Chinese Canadians welcome New Year's promise on Head Tax Redress from PM Designate Stephen Harper". Ccnc.ca. 2006-01-26. Retrieved 2013-09-16. 
^ Office of the Prime Minister (2006). "Address by the Prime Minister on the Chinese Head Tax Redress". Government of Canada. Retrieved 2006-08-08. 
^ "Statistics Canada. "Canada’s Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories"".
^ Toronto Star: "China fishes for secrets in rich, vulnerable waters" 11 Dec 2007
^ G+M "The man behind the Teck-CIC deal" 3 Jul 2009
^ Boesveld, Sarah. "Government infiltrated by spies, CSIS boss says". Toronto: The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 5 July 2010. 
^ G+M: "Clark, Robertson to lead B.C. trade missions to Asia" 22 Oct 2013
^ "B.C. and China endorse partnerships" 26 Nov 2013
^ thetyee.ca: "BC Premier Urged to Consider Fast Legal Action Against China Treaty" 24 Oct 2013
^ "Canadian Province Issues Offshore Yuan-Denominated Bonds" 5 Nov 2013
^ a b G+M: "BC Rail trial ends after deal reached" (Mason) 18 Oct 2010
^ "Dziekanski death at hands of RCMP a homicide, B.C. coroner rules". CBC News. The Canadian Press. 8 April 2013. Retrieved 2013-04-11. 
^ news24.com: "Dead drug dealer failed to pay gang, 'Surrey Six' trial hears" 19 Dec 2013
^ a b c d G+M "Timeline: How B.C. has seized $41-million in property in nearly eight years" 25 Jan 2014
^ G+M: "B.C. Opposition plans to question scope of ‘cash cow’ office that seizes property" 28 Jan 2014
^ a b c d e f G+M: "WHEN THE PROVINCE GOES AFTER ILL-GOTTEN GAINS, WHO PAYS?" 25 Jan 2014
^ a b "Official Report of DEBATES OF THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY (Hansard) MONDAY, MARCH 7, 2005 Afternoon Sitting Volume 27, Number 27"
^ a b Huge win for Interior natives, The Province, November 22, 2007


Further reading[edit]
This is a basic guide to major works. For a more extensive guide to resources, see Bibliography of British Columbia.

Barman, Jean. The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia U. of Toronto Press, 1991. 430pp
Carlson, Roy L. and Bona, Luke Dalla, eds. Early Human Occupation in British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1996. 261 pp.
Carty, R. K., ed. Politics, Policy, and Government in British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1996. 381 pp.
Cole, Douglas & Ira Chaiken "An Iron Hand Upon the People: The Law Against the Potlatch on the Northwest Coast." Vancouver/Toronto: Douglas & McIntyre, 1990. ISBN 0-88894-695-3
Francis, Daniel, ed. Encyclopedia of British Columbia. Madeira Park, B.C.: Harbour, 2000. 806 pp.
Griffin, Harold. Radical Roots: The Shaping of British Columbia. Vancouver: Commonwealth Fund, 1999.
Hak, Gordon. Turning Trees into Dollars: The British Columbia Coastal Lumber Industry, 1858-1913. U. of Toronto Press, 2000. 239 pp.
Harris, Cole. The Resettlement of British Columbia: Essays on Colonialism and Geographical Change. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1997. 314 pp.
Hayes, Derek. Historical Atlas of British Columbia and the Pacific Northwest: Maps of Exploration. Vancouver: Cavendish, 1999. 208 pp.
Johnston, Hugh, ed. The Pacific Province: A History of British Columbia. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1996. 352 pp.
McGillivray, Brett. Geography of British Columbia: People and Landscapes in Transition. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 2000. 235pp
Muckle, Robert J. The First Nations of British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1998. 146pp.
Norris, John. Strangers Entertained: A History of Ethnic Groups in British Columbia. Vancouver: Evergreen Press, 1971. 254 pp.
Ormsby, Margaret A. British Columbia: A History (Macmillan, 1958) online edition
Recksten, Terry. The Illustrated History of British Columbia. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 2001. 280 pp.
Roy, Patricia E., ed. A History of British Columbia: Selected Readings (1989)
Woodcock, George. British Columbia: A History of the Province. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1990. 288 pp.
Whitcomb, Dr. Ed. A Short History of British Columbia. Ottawa. From Sea To Sea Enterprises. 2006. 71 pp.

External links[edit]

BC History in images - A visual history of British Columbia starting as early as 1542, from the UBC Library Digital Collections.
British Colonist newspaper in Victoria, complete text Dec. 1858 to June 1910, searchable
British Columbia History Internet/Web Site, 1995–2004, compiled by historian and archivist David Mattison, was succeeded by the British Columbia History Portal, 2003–present.
First Nations Languages of British Columbia contains information about the native languages of British Columbia.
BC History Journal
"Coastal Moving Image Gallery," 1920s film clips of BC First Nations taken by anthropologist Harlan I. Smith, from BC Archives website.







v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 History of Canada



Year list
(Timeline)



18000 BCE–1500 CE
1534–1763
1763–1867
1867–1914
1914–1945
1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
1992–present





Topics



Canadians - (Persons of significance)
Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Cultural
Economic
Etymology
Events of significance
Former colonies & territories
Heritage Minutes
Historic Sites
Immigration
Military

Conflicts
Operations
Peacekeeping
Victories


Monarchical
Population history
Sports
Territorial evolution
Women





Provinces &
territories



British Columbia
Alberta
Saskatchewan
Manitoba
Ontario
Quebec
New Brunswick
Nova Scotia
Prince Edward Island
Newfoundland and Labrador
Yukon
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
(Name etymologies)





Cities



Brampton
Charlottetown
Fredericton
Halifax RM
Hamilton
Lethbridge
Moncton
Montreal
Northwest Territories capital cities
Ottawa
Quebec City
Regina
Saskatoon
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
(Name etymologies)





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=History_of_British_Columbia&oldid=789220318"					
Categories: History of British ColumbiaHistory of the Rocky MountainsOregon CountryHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listPages with DOIs inactive since 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from January 2014Articles with unsourced statements from October 2007Articles with unsourced statements from May 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעבריתPolski 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 July 2017, at 02:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









History of British Columbia - Wikipedia





















 






History of British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada. Originally politically constituted as a pair of British colonies, British Columbia joined the Canadian Confederation on July 20, 1871. Perhaps the most influential historian of British Columbia has been Margaret Ormsby. In British Columbia: A History (1958) she presented a structural model that has been adopted by numerous historians and teachers. Chad Reimer says," in many aspects, it still has not been surpassed." Ormsby posited a series of propositions that provided the dynamic to the history:

the ongoing pull between maritime and continental forces; the opposition between a "closed," hierarchical model of society represented by the Hudson's Bay Company and colonial officials, and the "open," egalitarian vision of English and Canadian settlers; and regional tensions between Vancouver Island and mainland, metropolitan Vancouver and the hinterland interior.[1]




Contents


1 Early history: Native Peoples
2 Early Spanish explorers
3 Early European villages (1788–1790s)
4 Late British expeditions (1790s–1821)
5 From fur trade districts to colonies (1821–1858)
6 Colonial British Columbia (1858–1871)

6.1 Richard Clement Moody and the Royal Engineers
6.2 Ned McGowan's War
6.3 The Foundation of New Westminster
6.4 The feud between Moody and Governor James Douglas
6.5 Other developments
6.6 The Second Gold Rush
6.7 Annexation debate


7 Entry into Canada (1871–1900)
8 20th century

8.1 Rise of the labour movement
8.2 Race and ethnic relations
8.3 Prohibition
8.4 World War II contributions
8.5 Columbia River Treaty


9 21st century

9.1 Crimes
9.2 Civil amercement


10 First Nations
11 See also

11.1 Indigenous peoples
11.2 European empires
11.3 Important figures
11.4 Places
11.5 Events
11.6 Other history articles


12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Early history: Native Peoples[edit]




Tsimshian people c. 1890, Metlakatla.


Human history in what has come to be known as British Columbia dates back thousands of years. Archaeology has identified dates in British Columbia as early as 13,500 years ago, with some exciting potential for underwater sites beginning to be detected.
The geography of the land influenced cultural development of the peoples - and in places, allowed for cultural development of permanent villages, complex social institutions and a huge range of languages. BC is divided by anthropological theory into three cultural areas - the Northwest Coast, The Plateau and the North. First Nations in each area developed customs and approaches to living that fit the resources in the region. Through much of British Columbia salmon are available and formed a substantial part of the diet where available. The term pre-contact is used to describe the time period prior to contact between First Nations and European explorers. The precise time of contact varied according to circumstance but took place on the coast between the 1770s and 1800. In places in the Interior it occurred later.
British Columbia, before the arrival of the Europeans, was home to many Indigenous peoples speaking more than 30 different languages, including Babine-Witsuwit'en, Danezaa (Beaver), Carrier, Chilcotin, Gitxsan, Haida, Halkomelem, Kaska, Kutenai, Lillooet, Nisga'a, Nuu-chah-nulth, Nuxalk, Sekani, Shuswap, Sinixt, Squamish, Tagish, Tahltan, Thompson, Tlingit, Tsetsaut, and Tsimshian. There was frequent contact between bands and voyages across the Strait of Georgia and the Strait of Juan de Fuca were common.
The abundance of natural resources, such as salmon and cedar, enabled the development of a complex hierarchical society within coastal communities. With so much food being available, the peoples of the coastal regions could focus their time on other pursuits such as art, politics, and warfare.
Early Spanish explorers[edit]
The first visitors to present-day British Columbia were Spanish sailors and other European sailors who sailed for the Spanish crown. There is some evidence that the Greek-born Juan de Fuca, who sailed for Spain and explored the West coast of North America in the 1590s, might have reached the passageway between Washington State and Vancouver Island—today known as the Strait of Juan de Fuca. (A later British explorer named Charles William Barkley named the passage after Juan de Fuca's reputed visit.)
There is not much evidence to suggest that European traders and explorers regularly came to present-day British Columbia in the 17th century.
The arrival of Europeans began to intensify in the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While there is a theory and some evidence that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbia Coast in 1579,[2][3][4] it is conventionally claimed that it was Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1775. In doing so, Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the whole of the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513, who declared the whole of the Pacific and its shores as part of the Spanish Empire.
In 1774, the Spanish navigator Juan José Pérez Hernández, a native of Mexico, sailed from San Blas, Nueva Galicia (modern-day Nayarit), with instructions to reach 60° north latitude to discover possible Russian settlements and take possession of the lands for the Spanish Crown. Hernández reached 55° north latitude, becoming the first European to sight the Queen Charlotte Islands and Vancouver Island. He traded with the natives near Estevan Point, although apparently without landing. The expedition was forced to return to Nueva Galicia, due to the lack of provisions.[5][6]
Since Pérez Hernández's first expedition failed to achieve its objective, the Spanish organized a second expedition in 1775 with the same goal. This expedition was commanded by Bruno de Heceta on board the Santiago, piloted by Pérez Hernández, and accompanied by Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra in La Sonora. After illnesses, storms, and other troubles had affected the expedition, de Heceta returned to Nueva Galicia, while Quadra kept on a northward course, ultimately reaching 59° North in what today is Sitka, Alaska.[7] During this expedition, the Spanish made sure to land several times and formally claim the lands for the Spanish Crown, while verifying the absence of Russian settlements along the coast. In the following years, several other Spanish expeditions would set sail from Nueva Galicia bound for the Pacific Northwest.
Three years later, in 1778, the British Royal Navy Captain James Cook arrived in the region, searching for the Northwest Passage, and successfully landed at Nootka Sound on Vancouver Island, where he and his crew traded with the Nuu-chah-nulth First Nation. Upon trading his goods for sea otter pelts, his crew in turn traded them for an enormous profit in Macau on their way back to Britain. This led to an influx of traders to the British Columbian coast, and ongoing economic contact with the aboriginal peoples there.
Early European villages (1788–1790s)[edit]




Nootka Sound marked in Vancouver Island.






Reconstruction of Fort San Miguel.






Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound. Volume I, plate VII from: "A Voyage of Discovery to the North Pacific Ocean and Round the World" by George Vancouver.


In 1788, John Meares, an English navigator and explorer, sailed from China and explored Nootka Sound and the neighbouring coasts. He bought some land from a local chief named Maquinna and built a trading post there.
Two years later, in 1789, the Spanish commander Esteban José Martínez, a native of Seville, established a settlement and started building a fort in Friendly Cove, Nootka Sound, which was named Fort San Miguel. This territory was already considered as part of New Spain by the Spanish due to the previous explorations of the region. Upon Martinez's arrival, a number of British ships were seized, including those of Captain Meares. This originated the Nootka Crisis, which almost led to a war between Britain and Spain. The controversy resulted in the abandonment of the Nootka Sound settlement by the Spanish. Some months later, Manuel Antonio Flores, Viceroy of New Spain, ordered a Francisco de Eliza to rebuild the fort. The expedition, composed of three ships, the Concepción, under the command of De Eliza, the San Carlos, under the command of Salvador Fidalgo and the Princesa Real, under the command of Manuel Quimper, sailed in early 1790 from San Blas in Nueva Galicia and arrived at Nootka Sound in April of that year. The expedition had many Catalan volunteers from the First Free Company of Volunteers of Catalonia, commanded by Pere d'Alberní, a native of Tortosa. The expedition rebuilt the fort, which had been dismantled after Martínez abandoned it. The rebuilt fort included several defensive constructions as well as a vegetable garden to ensure the settlement had food supplies. The Catalan volunteers left the fort in 1792 and Spanish influence in the region ended in 1795 after the Nootka Convention came into force.[8]
Late British expeditions (1790s–1821)[edit]
Subsequently, European explorer-merchants from the east started to discover British Columbia. Three figures dominate in the early history of mainland British Columbia: Sir Alexander Mackenzie, Simon Fraser, and David Thompson. As employees of the North West Company, the three were primarily concerned with discovering a practicable river route to the Pacific, specifically via the Columbia River, for the extension of the fur trade. In 1793, Mackenzie became the first European to reach the Pacific overland north of the Rio Grande. He and his crew entered the region through the Rocky Mountains via the Peace River, reaching the ocean at North Bentinck Arm, near present-day Bella Coola. Shortly thereafter, Mackenzie's companion, John Finlay, founded the first permanent European settlement in British Columbia, Fort St. John, located at the junction of the Beatton and Peace Rivers.
Simon Fraser was the next to try to find the course of the Columbia. During his expedition of 1805-09, Fraser and his crew, including John Stuart, explored much of the British Columbia interior, establishing several forts (Hudson's Hope, Trout Lake Fort, Fort George, Fort Fraser, and Fort St. James). Fraser's expedition took him down the river that now bears his name, to the site of present-day Vancouver. Although both Mackenzie and Fraser reached the Pacific, they found the routes they took impassable for trade. It was David Thompson who found the Columbia River and followed it down to its mouth in 1811. He was unable to establish a claim, however, for the American explorers Lewis and Clark had already claimed the territory for the United States of America six years earlier. The American Fur Company of John Jacob Astor had founded Fort Astoria just months before Thompson arrived, though within a year the local staff at Astoria sold the fort and others in the region to the North West Company, which renamed it Fort George. Though "returned" to US hands as a result of treaty complications at the end of the War of 1812, this meant only there was a parallel US fort adjacent to the NWC one, which was the more prosperous of the two. Following the forced merger of the North West Company and Hudson's Bay Company in 1821, Fort Vancouver was established as the new regional headquarters.
From fur trade districts to colonies (1821–1858)[edit]
Although technically a part of British North America, British Columbia was largely run by the Hudson's Bay Company after its merger with the North West Company in 1821. The Central Interior of the region was organized into the New Caledonia District, a name that came to be generally attributed to the mainland as a whole. It was administered from Fort St. James, about 150 km northwest of present-day Prince George. The Interior south of the Thompson River and north of California was named by the company the Columbia District, and was administered first from Fort Vancouver (present day Vancouver, Washington).
Throughout the 1820s and 1830s, the HBC controlled nearly all trading operations in the Pacific Northwest, based out of the company headquarters at Fort Vancouver on the Columbia River. Although authority over the region was nominally shared by the United States and Britain through the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, company policy, enforced via Chief Factor John McLoughlin of the company's Columbia District, was to discourage any settlement, including US settlement, of the territory. The company's effective monopoly on trade virtually forbade any settlement in the region. It established Fort Boise in 1834 (in present-day southwestern Idaho) to compete with the American Fort Hall, 483 km (300 mi) to the east. In 1837, it purchased Fort Hall, also along the route of the Oregon Trail, where the outpost director displayed the abandoned wagons of discouraged settlers to those seeking to move west along the trail.
Fort Vancouver was the nexus for the fur trade on the Pacific Coast; its influence reached from the Rocky Mountains to the Hawaiian Islands, and from Alaska into Mexican-controlled California. At its pinnacle, Fort Vancouver watched over 34 outposts, 24 ports, six ships, and 600 employees. Also, for many primarily American settlers the fort became the last stop on the Oregon Trail as they could get supplies before starting their homestead.
By 1843 the Hudson's Bay Company operated numerous posts in the Columbia Department, including Fort Vancouver, Fort George (Astoria), Fort Nisqually, Fort Umpqua, Fort Langley, Fort Colville, Fort Okanogan, Fort Kamloops, Fort Alexandria, Flathead Post, Kootanae House, Fort Boise, Fort Hall, Fort Simpson, Fort Taku, Fort McLoughlin (in Milbanke Sound), Fort Stikine, as well as a number of others.[9]
A very high degree of linguistic variation occurs in BC - a response to this was the development of a trade jargon - Chinook Jargon. Not a complete language it was used in trade, governance and some early writings- for example hymns.

By 1811 John Jacob Astor had founded Astoria, and ten years later the Hudson's Bay Company had established itself on the Columbia. In the meantime the explorers and traders had been coming by land. Somewhere and sometime during this period the existence of the (Chinook) Jargon became known. All the Indians talked it to each other and resorted to it in their conversations with the whites. Knowledge of this trade language became a necessary part of the trader's equipment.[10]

Fort Victoria was established as a trading post in 1843, both as a means to protect HBC interests, as well as to assert British claims to Vancouver Island and the adjacent Gulf Islands. The Gulf Islands and Strait of Juan de Fuca are the access point to Puget Sound as well as a fall back position in preparation for the "worst case" scenario settlement of the dispute, in the face of manifest destiny. Increasing numbers of American settlers arriving on the Oregon Trail gave rise to the Oregon boundary dispute. The Hudson's Bay Company dominated and controlled all territory north of the Columbia River. The British position was that a fair division of the Columbia District was a boundary at the Columbia River.
In 1844, the United States Democratic Party asserted that the U.S. had a legitimate claim to the entire Columbia District or Oregon Country, but President James Polk was prepared to draw the border along the 49th parallel, the longstanding U.S. proposal. When the British rejected this offer, Polk broke off negotiations, and American expansionists reasserted the claim, coining slogans (most famously "Fifty-Four Forty or Fight!"). With the outbreak of the Mexican-American War diverting attention and resources, Polk was again prepared to compromise. The Oregon boundary dispute was settled in the 1846 Treaty of Washington. The terms of the agreement established the border between British North America and the United States at the 49th parallel from the Rocky Mountains to the sea, the original American proposal, with all of Vancouver Island retained as British territory.
This effectively destroyed the geographical logic of the HBC's Columbia Department, since the lower Columbia River was the core and lifeline of the system. The U.S. soon organized its portion as the Oregon Territory. The administrative headquarters of fur operations, and of the Columbia Department, then shifted north to Fort Victoria, which had been founded by James Douglas.
In 1849, the Crown Colony of Vancouver Island was created; and in 1851, James Douglas was appointed Governor. Douglas, known as the father of British Columbia, established colonial institutions in Victoria. He started the process of expanding the economic base of the new colony by signing 14 treaties between 1850-1854 to purchase land for settlement and industrial development (coal deposits were known by the HWBC in the vicinities of Nanaimo and Fort Rupert).[11] Subsequent native population crashes later in the 19th century along with economic upheaval and native wars allowed his political successors to be much less consistent with British principles, treaties, and laws.
Meanwhile, on the mainland, New Caledonia continued to focus on the fur trade with few non-native inhabitants (mostly HBC employees and their families)[citation needed] under the administrative oversight of Douglas, who was also the HBC's regional chief executive. The Hudson's Bay Company like the previous French colony and North West Company of Montreal still officially discouraged settlement because it interfered with the lucrative fur trade. The fur trade was a mutually beneficial relationship between the local HBC trading fort and adjacent native tribes. American expansion and control of territory was predicated primarily by settlement of the land not commercial relationships with the existing local population.[12][13] The British made virtually no effort to assert sovereignty over the aboriginal peoples of the area. In accordance with the Royal Proclamation of 1763, large-scale settlement by non-aboriginal people was prohibited until the lands were surrendered by treaty.
Colonial British Columbia (1858–1871)[edit]
In 1858, gold was found along the banks of the Thompson River just east of what is now Lytton, British Columbia, triggering the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. When word got out to San Francisco about gold in British territory, Victoria was transformed overnight into a tent city as prospectors, speculators, land agents, and outfitters flooded in from around the world, mostly via San Francisco. The Hudson's Bay Company's Fort Langley burgeoned economically as the staging point for many of the prospectors heading by boat to the Canyon.
A wide range of linguistic diversity among First Nations and explorers/traders made communication difficult. Trade jargon, initially used by First Nations expanded and changed to include words from English and French to become the Chinook Jargon. Not a complete language, the jargon became widespread among First Nations and early Europeans to enable communication and trade. Though little used today a significant number of place names in British Columbia deprive from Chinook and early anthropologists sometimes recorded stories using the jargon.
At the time, the region was still not under formal colonial authority. Douglas, fearing challenges to the claim of British sovereignty in the region in the face of an influx of some 20,000 Americans, stationed a gunboat at the mouth of the Fraser in order to obtain license fees from those seeking to head upstream. The resolution of the Oregon Boundary Dispute whereby British interests, primarily the HBC, lost governance of all territory between the 49th Parallel and the Columbia River due to a sudden influx of American settlers 8 years previous.
Richard Clement Moody and the Royal Engineers[edit]
When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, the Colonial Office established the mainland as a Crown colony on August 2, 1858, naming it the Colony of British Columbia.[14] Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [15] and “found a second England on the shores of the Pacific”.[16] Lytton desired to send to the colony 'representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force’: he sought men who possessed ‘courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world’[17] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the archetypal 'English gentleman and British Officer’[18] at the head of the Columbia Detachment, which was created by an Act of the British Parliament on 2 August 1858. The Engineers were believed to exemplify the qualities sought by the Government.[19]




Col. Richard Moody, commander of the Columbia detachment


Moody arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary, and the two became close friends.
Ned McGowan's War[edit]
Moody had hoped to begin immediately the foundation of a capital city, but upon his arrival at Fort Langley he learned of an outbreak of violence at the settlement of Hill's Bar. This led to an incident popularly known as "Ned McGowan's War", where Moody led 22 Engineers and Judge Matthew Baillie Begbie to Yale to face down a group of rebellious American miners. Order was restored without further strict pain .
The Foundation of New Westminster[edit]
In British Columbia, Moody ‘wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness’ and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, ‘styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the Crown and of the robe’.[20] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[20] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,
"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[21][22]




Moody likened his vision of the nascent Colony of British Columbia to the pastoral scenes painted by Aelbert Cuyp


Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[23][24]
However, Lord Lytton 'forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town’ and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuous hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, 'made it impossible for [Moody’s] design to be fulfilled’.[25]
The feud between Moody and Governor James Douglas[edit]
Throughout his tenure in British Columbia, Richard Clement Moody was engaged in a bitter feud with Sir James Douglas, Governor of Vancouver Island, whose jurisdiction overlapped with his own. Moody’s position as Chief Commissioner and Lieutenant-Governor was one of ‘higher prestige [and] lesser authority' than that of Douglas, despite Moody's vastly superior social position in the eyes of the Engineers and the British Government: Moody had been selected by Lord Lytton due to his possession of the quality of the "archetypal English gentleman and British Officer", his family was "eminently respectable": he was the son of Colonel Thomas Moody (1779-1849), one of the wealthiest mercantilists in the West Indies, who owned much of the land in the islands where Douglas's father owned a small amount of land and from which Douglas's mother, "a half-breed", originated. Governor Douglas's ethnicity and made him ‘an affront to Victorian society’.[26] Mary Moody, the descendant of the Hawks industrial dynasty and the Boyd merchant banking family,[27] wrote on 4 August 1859 "it is not pleasant to serve under a Hudson's Bay Factor" and that the "Governor and Richard can never get on".[28] In letter to the Colonial Office of 27 December 1858, Richard Clement Moody boasts that he has ‘entirely disarmed [Douglas] of all jealously"[29] Douglas repeatedly insulted the Engineers by attempting to assume their command[30] and refusing to acknowledge their value in the nascent colony[31]
Margaret A. Ormsby, author of the Dictionary of Canadian Biography entry for Moody (2002), condemns Moody for a contribution to the abortive development of the city. However, most other historians have exonerated Moody for the abortive development of the city and consider his achievement to be impressive, especially with regard to the perpetual insufficiency of funds and the personally motivated opposition of Douglas, whose opposition to the project continually retarded its development. Robert Edgar Cail,[32] Don W. Thomson,[33] Ishiguro, and Scott have praised Moody for his contribution, the latter accusing Ormsby of being ‘adamant in her dislike of Colonel Moody’ despite the evidence,[34] and almost all biographies of Moody, including those of the Institute of Civil Engineers, the Royal Engineers, and the British Columbia Historical Association, are flattering.
Other developments[edit]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing. Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.




Frederick Seymour, second governor of the Colony of British Columbia, and his cat.


Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment was disbanded in July, 1863. The Moody family, only 22 men and 8 wives returned to England, while the rest, 130 sappers, elected to remain in BC.[35] Scott contends that the departure of the Engineers 'doomed' the development of the settlement and the fruition of Lord Lytton's dream.[36] Chartres Brew replaced Moody as land commissioner.
The Second Gold Rush[edit]
A second major gold rush in the Cariboo region of the colony occurred in 1861-64, in the midst of smaller ones, notably in the Omenica, Big Bend and on the Stikine. The influx of gold miners into B.C.'s economy led to the creation of basic infrastructure in B.C., most notably, the creation of the Cariboo Wagon Road which linked the Lower Mainland to the rich gold fields of Barkerville. However, the enormous costs of the road, and its predecessor the Douglas Road and services such as the Gold Escort, left B.C. in debt by the mid-1860s. In 1866, because of the massive debt leftover from the gold rush, the mainland and Vancouver Island became one colony named British Columbia, with its capital in Victoria.
On Vancouver Island settlement and industrial development took place along the shorelines. For example, see the 19th century settlement in Comox or Colony of Vancouver Island.
Annexation debate[edit]
In 1867, there were three options open: to continue as a British colony, to be annexed by the United States, or to confederate with the newly formed Dominion of Canada.[37][38] In Britain, many Little Englanders expected, or even hoped, that its North American colonies would depart from the British Empire.[39] Admiral Joseph Denman told the Admiralty that British Columbia did not deserve Royal Navy protection, and advised the British government to "divest herself of these possessions by any means consistent with honour".[40] Secretary of State for the Colonies Lord Granville stated his wish that British North America "would propose to be independent and annex themselves". The Times' view was the British consensus:

British Columbia is a long way off. ... With the exception of a limited official class it receives few immigrants from England, and a large proportion of its inhabitants consists of citizens of the United States who have entered it from the south. Suppose that the colonists met together and came to the conclusion that every natural motive of contiguity, similarity of interests, and facility of administration induced them to think it more convenient to slip into the Union than into the Dominion. ... We all know that we should not attempt to withstand them.[41]

Financially, becoming officially part of the United States made sense since British Columbia was economically essentially a satellite of San Francisco—the most important city of the entire American west and North America's Pacific coast—Washington, and Oregon, which provided all of the colony's supplies despite a substantial American tariff. American currency circulated widely in the colony, whose nearest British neighbors were Red River 2,000 miles to the east, and Hong Kong to the west.[39][41] San Francisco's population in the 1860s exceeded 60,000, while Victoria's never rose above 4,000. All mail from British Columbia went through San Francisco, forcing the colony's post office to keep large amounts of American postage stamps.[42]:184,186–187 The opening of the American transcontinental railroad in 1869 made it possible to travel by ship from Victoria to San Francisco, then by train to Ottawa or Washington in just 24 days. With the gold now gone, most of the American miners had left, and the economic future did not look promising unless B.C. could join the very rapidly growing, rich economies of the Pacific states.
While American residents of British Columbia celebrated the United States' purchase of Alaska in 1867, having American territory to their north and south caused British residents' fears for the future of their colony to grow.[43] Alaska was part of American Secretary of State William H. Seward's plan to incorporate the entire northwest Pacific Coast, chiefly for the long-term commercial advantages to the United States in terms of Pacific trade. Seward believed that the people in British Columbia wanted annexation and that Britain would accept this in exchange for the Alabama claims. In the event, Seward dropped the idea of an exchange and accepted an arbitration plan that settled the Alabama claims for cash.[44] When a false report circulated in April, soon after the Alaska news, that the British government was considering settling the claims by ceding the colony, a substantial annexation movement appeared supported by many residents and three of the colony's six newspapers.[43]
Anti-confederationists, who were not necessarily annexationists, were the majority on Vancouver Island. That said, annexationists argued that the colony would never be able to negotiate with the United States a free trade agreement similar to the Reciprocity Treaty of 1854, and that annexation would end the disadvantage of the American tariff. Most Canadian-born residents supported confederation with their land of origin but were not very popular, as many in the colony believed that they sent their money home instead of spending it in British Columbia as the American-born colonists did. Residents of the mainland almost unanimously supported confederation with the rest of British North America; they argued that this would benefit the colony as Canada would soon negotiate another reciprocity treaty. Many British-born colonists were on both sides.[41][42]:190–192,208–209
Representative Nathaniel P. Banks of Massachusetts' Annexation Bill of 1866 offered voluntary annexation to British North America, including territorial status for Vancouver Island and British Columbia together as the "territory of Columbia". The bill was unsuccessful, as was Senator Alexander Ramsey of Minnesota's 1867 proposal that the United States, as part of another reciprocity treaty with Canada, offer $6 million to the Hudson's Bay Company for the territory west of the 90th longitude. The US would assume British Columbia's $2 million debt, and subsidize the Northern Pacific Railway to build a road to Puget Sound.[42]:196–198 Two American military officers, who travelled throughout British Columbia for two months while arranging for supply of occupation troops in Alaska, wrote a detailed report to Washington in November 1867 of their belief that a majority of residents supported annexation. They claimed that "[i]t did not become necessary in a single instance to broach the subject of the cession of that territory to the United States, for it was the constant theme of conversation". Employees of the Hudson's Bay Company were said to be especially supportive, although they and many others could not make their opinion public because of fears of being denounced as disloyal.[43] A majority of British Columbians never publicly supported American annexation, however, and support for joining Canada grew over time;[39] in particular, annexationists failed to persuade the anti-confederation Hudson's Bay Company officials and their friends that dominated Vancouver Island politics.[42]:209 Accusations that "American gold" and "American greenbacks" funded "renegade Englishmen" likely hurt annexation support; whether the US officers' belief of the existence of widespread covert support was correct, by October 1867 annexation no longer appeared as a topic in British Columbia newspapers or documents.[43]
Until the Alaska Purchase and the new Dominion status[45] (which were almost simultaneous), the British had been indifferent to the fate of British Columbia. London now paid attention, and realized the value of B.C. as a base for its imperial trade opportunities in the Pacific and the need of the Royal Navy for a station in the region.[46] By 1868 public opinion was likely on the confederation side. Annexationists (or, at least, anti-confederationists) were in control of the Legislative Council of British Columbia, however, and in February 1869 passed a resolution opposing confederation;[42]:213[41] until his death the colonial governor, Frederick Seymour, also opposed confederation. Successor Anthony Musgrave supported confederation (after being unsuccessful in bringing Newfoundland into Canada)[42]:192 but due to an accident was delayed in his duties; meanwhile, annexation support revived during the winter of 1869-1870.[41] One hundred four individuals, about one percent of the white population of the colony, signed an 1869 petition to President Ulysses S. Grant asking for annexation. While there is no reason to believe that they accurately represented the majority opinion, it is true that many colonists viewed Washington and London as equal competitors for British Columbia's loyalty depending on who offered more incentives, while Ottawa was more foreign and less familiar.[42]:206–208
In August 1869 Lord Granville communicated London's new view of British Columbia when he wrote to Musgrave, "I have no hesitation in stating that [support of confederation] is also the opinion of Her Majesty's Government."[42]:195 In February 1870 Musgrave successfully persuaded the Legislative Council to pass a resolution supporting confederation with Canada. Many British-born colonists now supported confederation as the best way to maintain a connection with Britain. By April the Victoria Colonist reported that a mass meeting in Victoria supported confederation while "the most vague hint in the direction of annexation was met with a howl of execration".[41][42]:214 Musgrave proposed an attractive plan for joining Canada, with the Dominion assuming the colony's debt and building a new Canadian transcontinental railway that would eliminate the reliance on the American railroad. Meanwhile, the United States was so focused on issues of Reconstruction, that few Americans picked up on Seward's grand dream to expand Manifest Destiny to the Pacific.[47][48][40]
Entry into Canada (1871–1900)[edit]
See also: British Columbia § Rapid growth and development




1896 map of British Columbia showing federal electoral districts.






A map produced in London in 1873 to facilitate emigration to British Columbia showing the natural resources of the new province.


Both the depressed economic situation arising from the collapse of the gold rushes, as well as a desire for the establishment of truly responsible and representative government, led to enormous domestic pressure for British Columbia to join the Canadian Confederation, which had been proclaimed in 1867. The Confederation League, spearheaded by three future premiers of the province — Amor De Cosmos, Robert Beaven, and John Robson — took a leading role in pushing the colony towards this goal. And so it was on July 20, 1871, that British Columbia became the sixth province to join Canada. In return for entering Confederation, Canada absorbed B.C.'s massive debt, and promised to build a railway from Montreal to the Pacific coast within 10 years.
Contrary to popular belief British Columbia did not demand a transcontinental railroad as a condition of confederation; its delegates expected a wagon road, but John A. Macdonald's national government proposed the railroad as a substitute, with Ottawa and London viewing it as a way of connecting not just British Columbia but the prairies with the rest of the British Empire.[42]:235–236 The promise of a railroad became, however, the most important reason for British Columbia to stay within Canada. The provincial legislature threatened to secede in 1878 because Macdonald's successor Alexander Mackenzie, whose Liberal Party had opposed the railroad, attempted to modify the promise; Macdonald's return to power that year likely kept British Columbia from departing Canada.[41][42]:236–238 In fulfillment of the promise, the last spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway was driven in Craigellachie on 7 November 1885. (No good road yet existed between British Columbia and other provinces; until the completion of the Trans-Canada Highway automobiles had to enter the United States to travel to eastern Canada.)[42]:240–241,406
The mining frontier in B.C. led to the creation of many mines and smelters, mostly through American investment. One of the world's largest smelters still exists today in Trail. The capital and work to be found in B.C. during the turn of the 19th century to the 20th century led to the creation of several new towns in B.C. such as Nelson, Nakusp, Slocan, Kimberley, Castlegar, Rossland, and Salmo. A large coal empire run by Robert Dunsmuir, and his son and later premier, James Dunsmuir also developed on Vancouver Island during this era.
As the economy on the mainland continued to improve as a result of improved transportation and increased settlement, other resource-based economic activity began to flourish. Throughout the latter half of the nineteenth century, fishing, forestry, and farming (including the planting of extensive orchards in the Okanagan region) became the "three F's" on which the new province built its economy — a situation that persisted well into the late twentieth century.
With the booming economy came the expansion of the original fur trading posts into thriving communities (such as Victoria, Nanaimo, and Kamloops). It also led to the establishment of new communities, such as Yale, New Westminster, and — most notably, though a latecomer — Vancouver. The product of the consolidation of the burgeoning mill towns of Granville and Hastings Mill located near the mouth of the Fraser on Burrard Inlet in the later 1860s, Vancouver was incorporated in 1886 following its selection as the railhead for the Canadian Pacific Railway. Despite a devastating fire which all but wiped out the city three months later, Vancouver quickly became the largest city in the province, its ports conveying both the resource wealth of the province as well as that transported from the prairie provinces by rail, to markets overseas. Vancouver's status as the principal city in the province has endured, augmented by growth in the surrounding municipalities of Richmond, Burnaby, Surrey, Delta, Coquitlam, and New Westminster. Today, Metro Vancouver is the third most populous metropolitan area in Canada, behind Toronto and Montreal.
It was also during this period where ethnic diversity began to develop significantly, as immigration was not fed entirely by European countries. Chinese and Japanese emigrants made many coastal settlements home, beginning in the 1850s, and became increasingly more pronounced in the 1880s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




Truck loaded with logs on temporary logging road, BC 1936


Since the days of the fur trade, British Columbia's economy has been based on natural resources, particularly fishing, logging and mining. From the canneries to the mills and mines, B.C.'s resource sector was increasingly the domain of large commercial interests.
With industrialization and economic growth, workers arrived to join in the seemingly boundless prosperity. Increasingly, these workers came from Asia as well as Europe. The mix of cultures and diversity was a source of strength, but also, often, of conflict. The early part of the 20th century was a time of great change and talk between immigrants and the First Nations, all of whom found their lives changing rapidly.
Rise of the labour movement[edit]
The dominance of the economy by big business was accompanied by an often militant labour movement. The first major sympathy strike was in 1903 when railway employees struck against the CPR for union recognition. Labour leader Frank Rogers was killed while picketing at the docks by CPR police during that strike, becoming the British Columbia movement's first martyr.[49] Canada's first general strike occurred following the death of another labour leader, Ginger Goodwin, in 1918, at the Cumberland coal mines on Vancouver Island.[50] A lull in industrial tensions through the later 1920s came to an abrupt end with the Great Depression. Most of the 1930s strikes were led by Communist Party organizers.[51] That strike wave peaked in 1935 when unemployed men flooded the city to protest conditions in the relief camps run by the military in remote areas throughout the province. After two tense months of daily and disruptive protesting, the relief camp strikers decided to take their grievances to the federal government and embarked on the On-to-Ottawa Trek,[52] but their commandeered train was met by a gatling gun at Hatzic, just east of Mission City, and the strikers arrested and interned in work camps for the duration of the Depression.[53]
Race and ethnic relations[edit]




The Komagata Maru and HMCS Rainbow


At the time that BC was settled the ideology of the British Empire, and of many of its colonial settlers was based on an assumption of superiority, often racial superiority based on the pseudo-science of Race. Racism and a desire to create a white colony were widespread. The scientific thinking of Charles Darwin was used to develop a theory of the races, which is today completely discredited - came to be known as Social Darwinism.
Under the ideology of Social Darwinism a series of restrictive laws were passed, by both federal and provincial levels of government. The Potlatch Ban outlawed First Nations cultural and spiritual practices,[54] non-white people were denied the vote - specifically First Nations, Chinese and Japanese people were not eligible to vote.
During the 20th century, many immigrant groups arrived in British Columbia and today, Vancouver is the second most ethnically diverse city in Canada, only behind Toronto. In 1886, a head tax was imposed on the Chinese, which reached as much as $500 per person to enter Canada by 1904. By 1923 the government passed the Chinese Immigration Act, which prohibited all Chinese immigration until 1947. Sikhs had to face an amended Immigration Act in 1908 that required Sikhs to have $200 on arrival in Canada, and immigration would be allowed only if the passenger had arrived by continuous journey from India, which was impossible. Perhaps the most famous incident of anti-Sikh racism in B.C. was in 1914 when the Komagata Maru arrived in Vancouver harbour with 376 Sikhs aboard, of whom only 20 were allowed entry. The Komagata Maru spent two months in harbour while the Khalsa Society went through the courts to appeal their case. The Khalsa Society also kept the passengers on the Komagata Maru alive during those two months. When the case was lost, HMCS Rainbow, a Royal Canadian Navy cruiser, escorted the Komagata Maru out to sea while thousands of Caucasians cheered from the seawall of Stanley Park.
During the Second World War, security concerns following the bombing of Pearl Harbor and Canada's entry into the war versus Japan led to controversial measures. The local Japanese-Canadian population was openly discriminated against, being put in internment camps. The Pacific Coast Militia Rangers were formed in 1942 in order to provide an armed presence on the coast in addition to the pre-war fortress garrisons, which were expanded after hostilities. Japanese military attacks against BC amounted to a small number of parachute bombs released from great distance away and by the middle of 1942 the threat of direct attack diminished following defeat at the Battle of Midway by US forces.
Prohibition[edit]
Alcohol was prohibited in British Columbia for about four years, from 1917 to 1921. A referendum in 1916 asked BC citizens whether they approved of making alcohol illegal (the other question was whether women had the right to vote). The contested results rejecting prohibition led to a major political scandal that subsequently saw the referendum being overturned and alcohol prohibited.[55] However, by 1921 the failures were so apparent—a thriving black market, arbitrary (often class- and race-based) enforcement and punishment, rampant corruption—that alcohol was established as a commodity subject to government regulation and taxation as it is today. U.S. prohibition in the 1920s and early 1930s led to a thriving business of producing and smuggling alcohol to quench the thirst of BC's southern neighbors. Many of Vancouver's richest families built or consolidated their fortunes in the rum-running business. Some compare today's robust cannabis-growing industry in BC (the number-one cash crop) to this earlier era.[56]
World War II contributions[edit]
A Pacific Command was created in 1942 also, and was disbanded in 1945. During the war a range of coastal defences were constructed, including harbour defences for Vancouver. Today's Museum of Anthropology at UBC sits atop the foundation for gun batteries that were used to command Vancouver Harbour approaches.
Militia units from southern BC provided cadres for many regiments that eventually fought in Europe. The Rocky Mountain Rangers sent a battalion to fight the Japanese in the Battle of the Aleutian Islands in 1943. Thousands more British Columbians volunteered for the Royal Canadian Navy and Royal Canadian Air Force. Two soldiers, Ernest Alvia Smith and John Keefer Mahony, were awarded the Victoria Cross for actions with BC-based regiments in Italy.
Columbia River Treaty[edit]
In 1961, British Columbia ratified the Columbia River Treaty which required the building of three large dams in British Columbia in return for financial compensation related to U.S. hydroelectric power production enabled by the dams. The dams flooded large areas within British Columbia, but would prove to be a very stable and renewable source of power for the province.
21st century[edit]
If the 20th century can be said to have been (see above) one of ethnocultural strife, the 21st thus far can be said to be one of relative harmony. One of the first pronouncements of Stephen Harper, upon his victory in the 39th general election to the Parliament in Ottawa, was that proper redress would be afforded the payers of the Chinese head tax. [57] On 22 June 2006, he offered an apology and $20,000 compensation for the head tax once paid by Chinese immigrants.[58] Asian people, at 20.2% of the total population, were in the 2006 census by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.[59]
The Chinese appeasement policies continue to bear fruit. Whereas prior to 2009 the Federal government was ill-disposed toward the Chinese,[60] by spring of that year the China Investment Corporation was able to purchase of a 17% share fraction of the Vancouver miner Teck Resources.[61] The transition of views on the Chinese government has been unprecedented, from one of fear[62] to one of official cooperation[63][64] in the space of five years, and in the face of popular trepidation.[65] In November 2013, British Columbia finance minister Mike de Jong reported a successful placement of Chinese RMB$2.5bn in dim sum bonds.[66]
The province hosted the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler.
Crimes[edit]

The scandal of the December 2003 BC Legislature Raids, which led to the October 2010 conviction of Dave Basi and Bob Virk, ministerial aides to Gary Collins and Janet Reid, respectively,[67] involved "bribes - cash, meals and NFL tickets - in exchange for leaking confidential [information] about the sale" of BC Rail.[67] The case set precedent in R. v. Basi, according to which defendants' counsel may participate at pre-trial hearings involving a police informant.
Although Robert Pickton had apparently claimed responsibility for 49 murders at or near his pig farm in Port Coquitlam, at trial by jury in 2007 he was only convicted of six.
On 14 October 2007, Robert Dziekański was tasered by a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer. The incident might have been unreported, but for the cell-phone video taken by eyewitness Paul Pritchard. It took six years for the provincial coroner to determine that death of Dziekanski was a homicide.[68]
A drug dealer who failed to pay $100,000 to the Red Scorpion gang for trafficking on the its turf was the catalyst for the execution of six people in a Surrey high rise in 2007.[69]

Civil amercement[edit]
After a scandal-filled second term for the BC NDP government, the BC Liberals won the 2001 election with the biggest landslide in BC history: 77 of 79 seats. Gordon Campbell became the seventh premier in ten years, and the first Liberal premier in almost 50 years. On 25 November 2005, the Civil Forfeiture Act (CFA) was passed by Campbell's second government with a 3:2 majority. This Act followed Ontario's Civil Remedies Act, which had passed in November 2003.[70] This Act makes it possible for the government to amerce or to seize property without due process, and the Civil Forfeiture Office (CFO) has been eager to use this power in order to fill the coffers of government.[71][72] The office does not need criminal charges, or convictions, to amerce a property.[72] Bill 5 was introduced by Solicitor-General Rich Coleman, who made liberal use of the "organised crime" fear, uncertainty and doubt tactic.[73] He also mentioned that Ontario, Manitoba and Alberta had also recently introduced similar legislation.[73]
The Act, which was brought in with "organised crime" as the target, since at least 2007 has been expanded to target ordinary citizens. In latter-day practice, amercements may include partial (Jang) or full seizure (Lloydsmith, Rai) of a house.[70] On 4 May 2011, Solicitor-General Shirley Bond of Christy Clark's first government introduced the concept of "administrative forfeiture", under which a civil court is no longer required to judge amercements of property worth less than $75,000.[70] The CFO moved in summer 2012 to seize the Guide Certificate of Robert Milligan, a certain way to destroy his livelihood.[70] The CFO has a budgetary target.[72] Offences under the Motor Vehicle Act, Wildlife Act and Employment Standards Act are now pursued by the CFO.[72] The public is now bribed with the proceeds, for example, violence-prevention projects at six schools, an anti-gang campaign, women and family violence programs and a workshop on sexual exploitation awareness.[72] Justice Minister Suzanne Anton expressed unreserved support for the CFO and CFA in a January 2014 interview.[72]
First Nations[edit]
The legacy of British Imperialism in BC is unusual in that neither conquest nor treaties were undertaken as settlement occurred under the doctrine of Terra Nullius. With few exceptions (the Douglas Treaties of Fort Rupert and southern Vancouver Island) no treaties were signed. Some early settlers assumed, based on the catastrophic population crash of First Nations peoples linked to smallpox, and racist ideas that 'Indians' were a dying race led to a lack of action to deal with what was then termed the 'Indian Land Question'.
Upon Confederation the federal government assumed responsibility for Indians and lands reserved for Indians, while the province had responsibility for non-Aboriginal civil matters and resources. The 1913 McKenna-McBride Royal Commission made some amendments to lands but failed to deal with issues pertaining to title and First Nations rights. Several delegations to Ottawa and London were sent by First Nations seeking redress for grievances, to little avail. Instead the Indian Act, federal legislation governing First Nations, was amended to make it a crime to organize or engage legal council. Other oppressive measure also accompanied the amendment including the Potlatch Ban and the increasingly applied Indian Residential School system designed to assimilate First Nations.
The status of the First Nations (Aboriginal) people of British Columbia is a long-standing problem that has become a major issue in recent years. First Nations were confined to tiny reserves that no longer provide an economic base. They were provided with inadequate education and discriminated against in numerous ways. In many areas they were excluded from restaurants and other establishments. Status Indians gained the right to vote in 1960. They were prohibited from possessing alcohol, which rather than preventing problems with this drug, exacerbated them by fostering unhealthy patterns of consumption such as binge drinking.[citation needed] Certain privileges of status Indians are governed by the Indian Act. With the exception of what are known as the Douglas Treaties, negotiated by Sir James Douglas with the native people of the Victoria area, no treaties were signed in British Columbia until 1998. Many native people wished to negotiate treaties, but the province refused until 1990. Another major development was the 1997 decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in the Delgamuukw v. British Columbia case that aboriginal title still exists in British Columbia.
60% of First Nations in British Columbia are aligned with the First Nations Summit. This brings a total of 58 First Nations, but only 20 are said to be in active negotiations. Three Final Agreements have been settled, with one being rejected by Lheidli T'enneh in 2007. The other two, the Maa-nulth treaty group, a 5 Nuu-chah-nulth member group, and the Tsawwassen First Nation. Although these treaties have yet to be ratified by Parliament in Ottawa and Legislature in Victoria, neighbouring First Nations are seeking to block these treaties in the courts. A group of Vancouver Island and some mainland First Nations, the WSANEC, Lekwungen, and Semiahmoo, are seeking to block to Tsawwassen First Nation treaty, claiming infringement on their rights and land titles. On the west coast of Vancouver Island, the Ditidaht First Nation is doing the same against the Maa-nulth treaty group. The only treaty signed in recent years, the Nisga'a Treaty (1998), was negotiated outside of the current treaty process. There is considerable disagreement about treaty negotiations. Among indigenous people, there is mounting criticism of extinguishment of Aboriginal title and continued assimilation strategies by attempting to change the indigenous peoples from nations to municipal style government. Therefore, a substantial number of First Nations governments consider the current treaty process inadequate and have refused to participate.[citation needed]
A November 2007 court ruling for the Xeni Gwet'in First Nation called future participation in the process into question. The judge ruled that the Xeni Gwet'in could demonstrate aboriginal title to half of the Nemaia Valley, and that the province had no power over these lands.[74] Under the BC treaty process, negotiating nations have received as little as 5% of their claimed land recognized. Grand Chief Stewart Phillip, president of the Union of B.C. Indian Chiefs, called the court victory a "nail in the coffin" of the B.C. treaty process.[74]
See also[edit]

Outline of British Columbia § History of British Columbia

Indigenous peoples[edit]





Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast
Dane-zaa
Dakelh

Babine
Wet'suwet'en


Syilx




Haida people
Heiltsuk
Sto:lo
Kaska Dena
Ktunaxa
Kwakwaka'wakw
Gitxsan
Musqueam




St'at'imc

In-SHUCK-ch Nation
Lil'wat


Nisga'a
Nuu-chah-nulth
Nuxalk
Sekani
Wuikinuxv




Secwepemc
Sinixt
Squamish people
Tagish
Tahltan
Haisla
Nicola




Tsilhqot'in
Nlaka'pamux
Tlingit
Tsetsaut
Tsimshian
Saulteaux





European empires[edit]

Former colonies and territories in Canada
Spanish Empire
Russian Empire
British Empire

Important figures[edit]
By nationality, in chronological order of influence to the region:

Natives:

Maquinna, Nuu-chah-nulth chief
Chief Nicola, leader of the eponymous Nicola people and Grand Chief of the Okanagan
Klattasine (Klatsassan), Tsilhqot'in chief
Joe Capilano (Khatsahlano), Squamish chief
Chief Dan George, Tsleil-waututh (Burrard) chief and actor


Spaniards:

Vasco Núñez de Balboa (1475–1519), Spanish explorer and conquistador from Jerez de los Caballeros, claimed possession of the Pacific Ocean and all adjoining lands in the name of the Spanish sovereigns in 1513.
Juan José Pérez Hernández (1725–1775), Majorcan born Spanish explorer, first European to explore the region in 1774.
Bruno de Heceta (1744–1807), Basque born Spanish explorer, explored the region in 1775.
Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra (1743–1794), Liman born Spanish explorer, explored the region in an expedition in 1775 along with Bruno de Heceta.
Esteban José Martínez, Sevillan born Spanish explorer who founded the Spanish fort in Nootka Sound in 1789. It can be considered the first formal colony in the region (prior to that there was only a trade post founded by the Englishman John Meares).
Gonzalo López de Haro, accompanied Esteban José Martínez in the 1789 expedition.
Francisco de Eliza, made an expedition to Nootka Sound in 1790 to rebuild the Spanish fort abandoned by Esteban José Martínez.
Pere d'Alberní (1747–1802), Catalan born Spanish soldier and explorer from Tortosa, Captain of the First Free Company of Volunteers of Catalonia appointed in Nootka Sound. His mission was to rebuild the fort, after Esteban José Martínez had abandoned it. He went with his company in the expedition of Francisco de Eliza, in 1790.
Salvador Fidalgo, Catalan born Spanish explorer from La Seu d'Urgell, made an expedition to Nootka Sound in 1790.
José María Narváez, Spanish explorer, discovered Point Grey (modern day Vancouver, British Columbia) on July 5, 1791.
Dionisio Alcalá Galiano, explorer commissioned by the King; first European to circumnavigate Vancouver Island, and author of the "Relacion".


British or from the British Isles

Francis Drake, British privateer
James Cook, British explorer
John Meares, British explorer
George Vancouver, British explorer
Alexander Mackenzie, British explorer
David Thompson, British explorer
James Douglas, first Governor of British Columbia
Matthew Baillie Begbie, first Chief Justice of British Columbia


The Canadas and the Maritimes

Simon Fraser, fur company explorer
Francis Jones Barnard, expressman and entrepreneur (Ontario)
Amor de Cosmos, newspaperman and Premier (Nova Scotia)
W.A.C. Bennett, retailer and Premier (New Brunswick)



Places[edit]





Pacific Northwest
Alaska
British Columbia
Colony of British Columbia
New Caledonia




Columbia District
Washington
Oregon
Oregon Country
British Columbia ghost towns




Stikine Territory
Queen Charlotte Islands
Vancouver Island
Colony of Vancouver Island
Nootka Sound





Events[edit]





Nootka Crisis
Nootka Convention
Oregon Treaty
British Columbia Gold Rushes




Oregon boundary dispute
Alaska Boundary Dispute
Pig War




Columbia River Treaty
Komagata Maru
Japanese Canadian internment





Other history articles[edit]

Heritage Minutes
History of the west coast of North America
List of ships in British Columbia
List of Royal Navy ships in the Pacific Northwest
History of Squamish and Tsleil-Waututh longshoremen, 1863-1963

References[edit]


^ Chad Reimer "Ormsby, Margaret A." in Kelly Boyd, ed. (1999). Encyclopedia of Historians and Historical Writing, vol. 2. p. 886. ISBN 9781884964336. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Book Review: The Secret Voyage of Sir Francis Drake, Macleans magazine, July 18, 2003, quoted entire in The Canadian Encyclopedia
^ Sir Francis Drake article, The Canadian Encyclopedia
^ Another victory for Drake: Amateur treasure hunter's coin find proves English hero discovered Canada before the Spanish, AP Reporter, Daily Mail, London, March 14 2014
^ Centro de Investigación Científica y de Educación Superior de Ensenada
^ Nootka Sound Service LTD's website
^ The Online Encyclopedia of Washington State History
^ Catalans al Canadà, page 7, study from the Fundació d'Estudis Històrics de Catalunya
^ Mackie, Richard Somerset (1997). Trading Beyond the Mountains: The British Fur Trade on the Pacific 1793-1843. Vancouver: University of British Columbia (UBC) Press. p. 250. ISBN 0-7748-0613-3.  online at Google Books
^ Thomas, Edward Harper. Chinook: A History and Dictionary. Portland, Ore. Winford & Morts. 1935. ISBN 0-8323-0217-1
^ "First Nations Negotiations - Province of British Columbia". Gov.bc.ca. Retrieved 2017-04-21. 
^ The Canadian Frontier 1534-1760 by W.J. Eccles.
^ Superior Rendezvous Place Fort William in the Canadian Fur Trade by J. Morrison
^ It was named after the Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company, which in turn was named after the Columbia River. Ged Martin, "The Naming of British Columbia," Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies, Vol. 10, No. 3 (Autumn, 1978), pp. 257-263 in JSTOR
^ Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 7–27. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Ormsby
^ "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved 3 November 2016. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 19–20. 
^ Howard, Joseph Jackson (1893–1906). Heraldic Visitation of England and Wales. 8. pp. 161–164.
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 23. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 25. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 109. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. pp. 115–117. 
^ Cail, Robert Edgar (1974). Land, Man, and the Law: The Disposal of Crown Lands in British Columbia, 1871 -1913, Vancouver, University of British Columbia. p. 60. 
^ Thomson, Don W. (1966). Men and Meridians, Vol. 1. Ottawa, Department of Mines and Technical Surveys, Government of Canada. p. 282. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 131. 
^ Ormsby.
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 137. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia (1991) p. 91
^ Charles Hou and Marlena Morgan, eds. The Destiny of British Columbia: confederation or annexation? (1984)
^ a b c Sage, Walter N. (1932). "The Critical Period of British Columbia History, 1866-1871". Pacific Historical Review. 1 (4): 424–443. JSTOR 3633112. doi:10.2307/3633112. 
^ a b David E. Shi, "Seward's Attempt to Annex British Columbia, 1865-1869," Pacific Historical Review, May 1978, Vol. 47 Issue 2, pp 217-238 in JSTOR
^ a b c d e f g Keenlyside, Hugh LL.; Brown, Gerald S. (1952). Canada and the United States: Some Aspects of Their Historical Relations. Alfred A. Knopf. pp. 129–136. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Howay, F. W.; Sage, W. N.; Angus, H. F. (1942). British Columbia and the United States: The North Pacific Slope from Fur Trade to Aviation. Toronto: The Ryerson Press. 
^ a b c d Neunherz, R. E. (1989). ""Hemmed In": Reactions in British Columbia to the Purchase of Russian America". The Pacific Northwest Quarterly. 80 (3): 101–111. JSTOR 40491056. doi:10.2307/40491056 (inactive 2017-01-31). 
^ Charles Emmerson, The Future History of the Arctic (2010) p 74
^ Reginald Trotter, "Canada as a Factor in Anglo-American Relations in the 1860s," Canadian Historical Review, (1935) 16:354.
^ John Herd Thompson and Stephen J. Randall, Canada and the United States: Ambivalent Allies (4th ed. 2008) pp 46-7
^ Barman, The West Beyond the West (1991) pp 91-97
^ Doris W. Dashew, "The Story of An Illusion: The Plan to Trade 'Alabama' Claims for Canada," Civil War History, Dec 1969, Vol. 15 Issue 4, pp 332-348
^ Phillips, Paul A. (1967). No Power Greater: A Century of Labour in British Columbia. Vancouver: BC Federation of Labour/Boag Foundation. pp. 39–41. 
^ Phillips, Paul A. (1967). No Power Greater: A Century of Labour in British Columbia. Vancouver: BC Federation of Labour/Boag Foundation. pp. 71–74. 
^ Manley, John (1994). "Canadian Communists, Revolutionary Unionism, and the 'Third Period': The Workers' Unity League," (PDF). Journal of the Canadian Historical Association, New Series. 5: 167–194. 
^ Brown, Lorne (1987). When Freedom was Lost: The Unemployed, the Agitator, and the State. Montreal: Black Rose Books. ISBN 978-0-920057-77-3. 
^ Carved From Wood: A History of Mission 1861-1992, Andreas Schroeder, publ. Mission Foundation (1991), 227 pp., ASIN: B000WB9TWM
^ Cole, Douglas & Ira Chaiken 'An Iron Hand Upon the People: The Law against the Potlatch on the Northwest Coast.' Douglas & McIntyre. Vancouver. 1990
^ "Electoral History," Elections BC
^ Haddow, Douglas (5 August 2010). "Marijuana may cause Canada's economic comedown". The Guardian. Retrieved 13 August 2010. 
^ "CCNC Press Release - Chinese Canadians welcome New Year's promise on Head Tax Redress from PM Designate Stephen Harper". Ccnc.ca. 2006-01-26. Retrieved 2013-09-16. 
^ Office of the Prime Minister (2006). "Address by the Prime Minister on the Chinese Head Tax Redress". Government of Canada. Retrieved 2006-08-08. 
^ "Statistics Canada. "Canada’s Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories"".
^ Toronto Star: "China fishes for secrets in rich, vulnerable waters" 11 Dec 2007
^ G+M "The man behind the Teck-CIC deal" 3 Jul 2009
^ Boesveld, Sarah. "Government infiltrated by spies, CSIS boss says". Toronto: The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 5 July 2010. 
^ G+M: "Clark, Robertson to lead B.C. trade missions to Asia" 22 Oct 2013
^ "B.C. and China endorse partnerships" 26 Nov 2013
^ thetyee.ca: "BC Premier Urged to Consider Fast Legal Action Against China Treaty" 24 Oct 2013
^ "Canadian Province Issues Offshore Yuan-Denominated Bonds" 5 Nov 2013
^ a b G+M: "BC Rail trial ends after deal reached" (Mason) 18 Oct 2010
^ "Dziekanski death at hands of RCMP a homicide, B.C. coroner rules". CBC News. The Canadian Press. 8 April 2013. Retrieved 2013-04-11. 
^ news24.com: "Dead drug dealer failed to pay gang, 'Surrey Six' trial hears" 19 Dec 2013
^ a b c d G+M "Timeline: How B.C. has seized $41-million in property in nearly eight years" 25 Jan 2014
^ G+M: "B.C. Opposition plans to question scope of ‘cash cow’ office that seizes property" 28 Jan 2014
^ a b c d e f G+M: "WHEN THE PROVINCE GOES AFTER ILL-GOTTEN GAINS, WHO PAYS?" 25 Jan 2014
^ a b "Official Report of DEBATES OF THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY (Hansard) MONDAY, MARCH 7, 2005 Afternoon Sitting Volume 27, Number 27"
^ a b Huge win for Interior natives, The Province, November 22, 2007


Further reading[edit]
This is a basic guide to major works. For a more extensive guide to resources, see Bibliography of British Columbia.

Barman, Jean. The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia U. of Toronto Press, 1991. 430pp
Carlson, Roy L. and Bona, Luke Dalla, eds. Early Human Occupation in British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1996. 261 pp.
Carty, R. K., ed. Politics, Policy, and Government in British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1996. 381 pp.
Cole, Douglas & Ira Chaiken "An Iron Hand Upon the People: The Law Against the Potlatch on the Northwest Coast." Vancouver/Toronto: Douglas & McIntyre, 1990. ISBN 0-88894-695-3
Francis, Daniel, ed. Encyclopedia of British Columbia. Madeira Park, B.C.: Harbour, 2000. 806 pp.
Griffin, Harold. Radical Roots: The Shaping of British Columbia. Vancouver: Commonwealth Fund, 1999.
Hak, Gordon. Turning Trees into Dollars: The British Columbia Coastal Lumber Industry, 1858-1913. U. of Toronto Press, 2000. 239 pp.
Harris, Cole. The Resettlement of British Columbia: Essays on Colonialism and Geographical Change. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1997. 314 pp.
Hayes, Derek. Historical Atlas of British Columbia and the Pacific Northwest: Maps of Exploration. Vancouver: Cavendish, 1999. 208 pp.
Johnston, Hugh, ed. The Pacific Province: A History of British Columbia. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1996. 352 pp.
McGillivray, Brett. Geography of British Columbia: People and Landscapes in Transition. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 2000. 235pp
Muckle, Robert J. The First Nations of British Columbia. Vancouver: U. of British Columbia Press, 1998. 146pp.
Norris, John. Strangers Entertained: A History of Ethnic Groups in British Columbia. Vancouver: Evergreen Press, 1971. 254 pp.
Ormsby, Margaret A. British Columbia: A History (Macmillan, 1958) online edition
Recksten, Terry. The Illustrated History of British Columbia. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 2001. 280 pp.
Roy, Patricia E., ed. A History of British Columbia: Selected Readings (1989)
Woodcock, George. British Columbia: A History of the Province. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1990. 288 pp.
Whitcomb, Dr. Ed. A Short History of British Columbia. Ottawa. From Sea To Sea Enterprises. 2006. 71 pp.

External links[edit]

BC History in images - A visual history of British Columbia starting as early as 1542, from the UBC Library Digital Collections.
British Colonist newspaper in Victoria, complete text Dec. 1858 to June 1910, searchable
British Columbia History Internet/Web Site, 1995–2004, compiled by historian and archivist David Mattison, was succeeded by the British Columbia History Portal, 2003–present.
First Nations Languages of British Columbia contains information about the native languages of British Columbia.
BC History Journal
"Coastal Moving Image Gallery," 1920s film clips of BC First Nations taken by anthropologist Harlan I. Smith, from BC Archives website.







v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 History of Canada



Year list
(Timeline)



18000 BCE–1500 CE
1534–1763
1763–1867
1867–1914
1914–1945
1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
1992–present





Topics



Canadians - (Persons of significance)
Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Cultural
Economic
Etymology
Events of significance
Former colonies & territories
Heritage Minutes
Historic Sites
Immigration
Military

Conflicts
Operations
Peacekeeping
Victories


Monarchical
Population history
Sports
Territorial evolution
Women





Provinces &
territories



British Columbia
Alberta
Saskatchewan
Manitoba
Ontario
Quebec
New Brunswick
Nova Scotia
Prince Edward Island
Newfoundland and Labrador
Yukon
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
(Name etymologies)





Cities



Brampton
Charlottetown
Fredericton
Halifax RM
Hamilton
Lethbridge
Moncton
Montreal
Northwest Territories capital cities
Ottawa
Quebec City
Regina
Saskatoon
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
(Name etymologies)





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=History_of_British_Columbia&oldid=789220318"					
Categories: History of British ColumbiaHistory of the Rocky MountainsOregon CountryHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listPages with DOIs inactive since 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2010Articles with unsourced statements from January 2014Articles with unsourced statements from October 2007Articles with unsourced statements from May 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisעבריתPolski 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 July 2017, at 02:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













Product Stewardship - Province of British Columbia

















































































 
















Skip to main content


Skip to navigation


Accessibility Statement














Search



default_collection
default_frontend


 










Careers & MyHR


Services A-Z


Organizations A-Z


Forms A-Z


News


Contact Us






MENU










Climate Change
Pesticides & Pest Management
Plants, Animals & Ecosystems
Waste Management
Air, Land & Water
Research, Monitoring & Reporting
Natural Resource Stewardship




Waste Discharge Authorization
Recycling
Zero Waste
Garbage
Sewage
Hazardous Waste
Industrial Waste











Home
Environmental Protection & Sustainability
Waste Management
Recycling


















     		Section Navigation
		






Organics





Product Stewardship





Beverage Containers





Electronics





Lead-Acid Batteries





Packaging and Printed Paper





Paints, Solvents, Pesticides & Gasoline





Pharmaceuticals





Tires





Used Oil and Antifreeze





Related Resources






Tsunami Debris Removal & Recycling











Product Stewardship




Also known as Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR), this approach to recycling creates efficiencies and raises awareness about producing items that don’t harm the environment.

There’s actually financial incentive for producers to create better designed products that can be disposed of responsibly. Ultimately, this will reduce municipal waste disposal costs as well as the amount of garbage in landfills.Industry is more responsible to managing the life cycle of designated products and consumer packaging they create and distribute. Your cooperation is needed for the proper collection and recycling of these types of items.Recycle These ProductsBeverage ContainersElectronicsLead-Acid BatteriesPackaging and Printed PaperPaints Solvents, Pesticides & GasolinePharmaceuticalsTiresUsed Oil & Antifreeze



Related Resources


Find resources and supporting information related to Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR).


Brian Grant Award


Related Resources





Legislation & Regulations


The Recycling Regulation under authority of the Environmental Management Act sets out the requirements for Product Stewardship in B.C. In some cases, producers of designated products may appoint a stewardship agency to carry out their duties in accordance with an approved plan.


Recycling Regulation


Environmental Management Act





Where to Recycle?


Use the ‘Recyclopedia’ to find the right location to recycle specific materials or products.


Search for a location





Contact Information

Please feel free to contact us with any questions or if you’d like more information.

MailingAddress:
PO Box 9339STN PROV GOVTVictoria, B.C. V8W 9M1


Email:
envprotdiv@Victoria1.gov.bc.ca













Permanent link to page:


Copy
Cancel













Connect With Us



BC Gov News


Facebook


Twitter


Photos


Videos


Newsletters


RSS Feeds






Government A-Z



Services A-Z






Organizations A-Z






Forms A-Z






Services and Information Topics


British Columbians & Our Governments
Health
Birth, Adoption, Death, Marriage & Divorce
Education & Training
Driving & Transportation
Public Safety & Emergency Services




Law, Crime & Justice
Taxes & Tax Credits
Housing & Tenancy
Sports, Recreation, Arts & Culture
Environmental Protection & Sustainability
Farming, Natural Resources & Industry




Employment, Business & Economic Development
Tourism & Immigration
Family & Social Supports
Data











Home


About gov.bc.ca


Disclaimer


Privacy


Accessibility


Copyright


Contact Us



Desktop View





























Waste Management - Province of British Columbia









































































 
















Skip to main content


Skip to navigation


Accessibility Statement














Search



default_collection
default_frontend


 










Careers & MyHR


Services A-Z


Organizations A-Z


Forms A-Z


News


Contact Us






MENU










Climate Change
Pesticides & Pest Management
Plants, Animals & Ecosystems
Waste Management
Air, Land & Water
Research, Monitoring & Reporting
Natural Resource Stewardship




Waste Discharge Authorization
Recycling
Zero Waste
Garbage
Sewage
Hazardous Waste
Industrial Waste


















Home
Environmental Protection & Sustainability







Waste Management




B.C. is proud to be a leader in sustainable environmental management – with air and water quality that ranks among the highest in the world. Effective waste management procedures and solutions contribute a great deal to preserving our environment.





Waste Discharge Authorization
The Waste Discharge Regulation defines what industries, activities and operations require authorizations to discharge or release waste to the air, water, and land under the Environmental Management Act (EMA) in B.C. Find out how to apply and what is required to obtain an authorization.

		        	Explore Within


Express Transaction Process

Routine Application Process

Guidance, Forms & Fees

Make Changes to an Authorization

Search Status & Documents

Data & Report Submissions

Support Center





Recycling
Take the green approach. Reducing and reusing saves waste removal costs and helps protect our natural resources. That makes recycling the healthiest part of a waste management plan. Discover ways you can champion recycling in your community.


		        	Explore Within


Organics

Product Stewardship

Tsunami Debris Removal & Recycling







Zero Waste
Canadians dispose of more municipal solid waste per capita than any other country in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development according to a Conference Board of Canada report. However, there is a positive business case for reducing the amount waste we generate in British Columbia.


Garbage
Local governments are responsible for preventing and disposing of solid waste for homes and businesses in their area. Managing municipal solid waste minimizes environmental impacts and supports sustainable environmental management, greenhouse gas reduction and air and water quality.


		        	Explore Within


Landfills

Municipal Waste Management Plans

Waste to Energy








Sewage
Sewage (or wastewater) from homes and businesses is treated and discharged from treatment facilities throughout the province. Facilities vary in size, treatment level and ownership type. Most large scale treatment facilities in the province are owned and operated by municipalities or regional governments.

		        	Explore Within


Liquid Waste Management Plans

Municipal Wastewater Regulation

Onsite Sewage Systems





Hazardous Waste
To prevent harming human health and the environment, it’s essential that hazardous waste is handled, stored, transported, treated and disposed of properly.
Waste that is classified/defined as hazardous waste must be managed according to the rules and standards set out by the Environmental Management Act and the Hazardous Waste Regulation.

		        	Explore Within


Legislation & Regulations

Registration of Hazardous Waste Generators and Facilities

Transporting Hazardous Waste

Resources







Industrial Waste
Our environmental standards and management approaches strive to establish world-leading requirements to protect air, land and water quality.
Learn more about policies and regulations in place for specific industries and activities, and work on new initiatives:


		        	Explore Within


Agriculture

Aquaculture

Fuel Tanks

Mining & Smelting

Mushroom Compost Facilities

Oil, Gas, & LNG

Pulp, Paper & Wood Manufacturing

Vehicle Recycling










Waste Disposal Index




How much we throw in the trash has a direct impact on our environment. As landfills and treatment sites continue to bulge, it’s essential that we all consider how much garbage we contribute to the cycle of waste disposal. In 2015, the garbage generated in BC was equal to 497 kg per person.


Related Links


The Environmental Management Act governs the management of waste in British Columbia. The act provides the authority for introducing wastes into the environment, while protecting our health and the environment. Specifically, the act enables the use of permits, regulations and codes of practice to authorize discharges to the environment and enforcement options, such as administrative penalties, orders and fines to encourage compliance.


The Environmental Management Act





Contact Information

Please feel free to contact us with any questions or if you'd like more information.

MailingAddress:
PO Box 9339 STN PROV GOVT Victoria, B.C. V8W 9M1


Email:
envprotdiv@Victoria1.gov.bc.ca














Permanent link to page:


Copy
Cancel













Connect With Us



BC Gov News


Facebook


Twitter


Photos


Videos


Newsletters


RSS Feeds






Government A-Z



Services A-Z






Organizations A-Z






Forms A-Z






Services and Information Topics


British Columbians & Our Governments
Health
Birth, Adoption, Death, Marriage & Divorce
Education & Training
Driving & Transportation
Public Safety & Emergency Services




Law, Crime & Justice
Taxes & Tax Credits
Housing & Tenancy
Sports, Recreation, Arts & Culture
Environmental Protection & Sustainability
Farming, Natural Resources & Industry




Employment, Business & Economic Development
Tourism & Immigration
Family & Social Supports
Data











Home


About gov.bc.ca


Disclaimer


Privacy


Accessibility


Copyright


Contact Us



Desktop View





























Recycling - Province of British Columbia














































































 
















Skip to main content


Skip to navigation


Accessibility Statement














Search



default_collection
default_frontend


 










Careers & MyHR


Services A-Z


Organizations A-Z


Forms A-Z


News


Contact Us






MENU










Climate Change
Pesticides & Pest Management
Plants, Animals & Ecosystems
Waste Management
Air, Land & Water
Research, Monitoring & Reporting
Natural Resource Stewardship




Waste Discharge Authorization
Recycling
Zero Waste
Garbage
Sewage
Hazardous Waste
Industrial Waste











Home
Environmental Protection & Sustainability
Waste Management


















     		Section Navigation
		






Organics





Product Stewardship





Tsunami Debris Removal & Recycling











Recycling




Take the green approach. Reducing and reusing saves waste removal costs and helps protect our natural resources. That makes recycling the healthiest part of a waste management plan. Discover ways you can champion recycling in your community.


Organics
Organic waste typically comes from plant or animal products. A major advantage to this type of waste is that it’s biodegradable, which means there are plenty of green options for getting rid of it, like composting.

Learn more about organics

 
Product Stewardship
Taking ownership for the products we make and use is important. B.C. is a national leader in this regard – having industry arrange for the collection and recycling needed to manage the life cycle of designated products and packaging.

Learn more about product stewardship





Legislation & Regulations


The Recycling Regulation under authority of the Environmental Management Act sets out the requirements for Product Stewardship in B.C. In some cases, producers of designated products may appoint a stewardship agency to carry out their duties in accordance with an approved plan.



Environmental Management Act


Recycling Regulation





Waste Management Planning


Every municipality is responsible for its own waste management planning.



Learn more about the process





Where to Recycle?


Use the 'Recyclepedia' to find the right location to recycle specific materials or products.



Search for a location





Contact Information

Please feel free to contact us with any questions or if you’d like more information.


MailingAddress:
PO Box 9339 STN PROV GOVT Victoria, B.C. V8W 9M1


Email:
envprotdiv@Victoria1.gov.bc.ca













Permanent link to page:


Copy
Cancel













Connect With Us



BC Gov News


Facebook


Twitter


Photos


Videos


Newsletters


RSS Feeds






Government A-Z



Services A-Z






Organizations A-Z






Forms A-Z






Services and Information Topics


British Columbians & Our Governments
Health
Birth, Adoption, Death, Marriage & Divorce
Education & Training
Driving & Transportation
Public Safety & Emergency Services




Law, Crime & Justice
Taxes & Tax Credits
Housing & Tenancy
Sports, Recreation, Arts & Culture
Environmental Protection & Sustainability
Farming, Natural Resources & Industry




Employment, Business & Economic Development
Tourism & Immigration
Family & Social Supports
Data











Home


About gov.bc.ca


Disclaimer


Privacy


Accessibility


Copyright


Contact Us



Desktop View






















 
































Province Of British Columbia, Liquor Distribution Branch 2625 Rupert St 2625 Rupert St Bcv5m 3t5 Ca | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Province Of British Columbia
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See Province Of British Columbia's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
5 U.S. shipments available for Province Of British Columbia, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2015-11-06
See all 5 shipment records for Province Of British Columbia with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2015-11-06


2015-10-23
Province Of British Columbia
Transocean Shipping
COMPRISING OF PO761137 - 770KG 24 CASES SPEC CAULIER - BON SECOURS GIFT PACK 6( 3X0. 33L) 15 CASES SPEC CAULIER - BON SECOURS BLONDE 2L 4X2L 20 CASES SPEC CAULIER - BLONDE DE NOEL 24X0. 33L PO768217 - 2342KG 65 CASES SPEC CHAPEAU KRIEK LAMBIC 12X0. 375L 65 CASES SPEC CHAPEAU - APRICOT LAMBIC 12X0. 375L 65 CASES SPEC CHAPEAU - PEACH LAMBIC 120X0. 375L PO771415 - 1383KG 90 CASES SPEC ECHT KRIEKEN...
Bill of lading


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 0 suppliers of Province Of British Columbia
 Learn more about network view 






Top products


promo material 





spec 





promo 





piece 





glass 






20 top products available
        





Contact information for Province Of British Columbia


 

Address
Liquor Distribution Branch 2625 Rupert St 2625 Rupert St Bcv5m 3t5 Ca

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
5 shipment records available



Date
2015-11-06


Shipper Name
Trans Ocean Shipping


Shipper Address
TRANSPORTAGENTUR GES.MBH, 2000 ANTWERPEN (BELGIUM),  FAX +32 3 205 62 39 VA2000 BE


Consignee Name
Province Of British Columbia


Consignee Address
LIQUOR DISTRIBUTION BRANCH, 2625 RUPERT STREET,  2625 RUPERT STREET BCV5M 3T5 CA


Notify Party Name
Bravo Beer


Notify Party Address
107 - 40140 WILLOW CRESCENT, BRITISH COLUMBIA CANADA,  V8B0M1 SQUAMISH BCV0N 3G0 CA


Weight
9498


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
9498.0


Quantity
703


Quantity Unit
PKG


Measure Unit
CM


Country of Origin
Belgium


Details
9,498.0 kgFrom port: Cartagena, ColombiaTo port: The Port of Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California


Place of Receipt
Antwerp, Belgium


Foreign Port of Lading
Cartagena, Colombia


U.S. Port of Unlading
The Port of Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California


U.S. Destination Port
The Port of Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California


Commodity
COMPRISING OF PO468527 9372KGS 640 CASES KARMELIETTRIPEL 24X0. 33L PROMO MATERIAL BOSTEELS 126, 12KGS 43 CARTONS WITH 6 KARMELIET GLASS 1 CARTON WITH 20 PIECES KARMELIET BARRUNNER 8 PACKAGES WITH 1000COASTERS KARMELIET 5 PIECES ALU PLATE KARMELIET 5 PIECES PANCARTE LANDSCAPE KARMELIET 1 CARTON WITH 25 PIECES CAP KARMELIET LOADED ON 12 PALLETS


Container
SUDU1993499


Carrier Name
HAMBURG SUED


Vessel Name
LONDON EXPRESS


Voyage Number
540W


Bill of Lading Number
SUDU159996133008


Lloyd's Code
9143568


HTS Codes
HTS 9018







 



Buyers of similar products 
dubbel buyersglass buyerspromo buyerspromo material buyerssaint buyersspec buyers




Suppliers of similar products
dubbel manufacturersglass manufacturerspromo manufacturerspromo material manufacturerssaint manufacturersspec manufacturers




Buyers similar to Province Of British Columbia

Gt Commodities LlcKidsbooks LlcRainbow Beauty Co.Novurania Of America Inc.Jcpenney Perchasing Corp.Ecosolargen Llc







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 







Province of British Columbia Canada: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















province of british columbia canada
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Government
Industry: Government Regional
Sub-Industry: -
Province of British Columbia is a province in western Canada bordering the Pacific Ocean. Victoria is the capital and Vancouver is the largest city.   The British Columbia economy is based on mining and forestry.




Corporate Information
Address:

Parliament Building
Victoria, V8V 1X4
Canada


Phone:
1-604-660-2421


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.gov.bc.ca























From The Web












Press Releases




Canadian Red Cross welcomes Province of B.C. support to wildfire response

Jul 10, 2017



MEDIA ADVISORY - BC Leaders Debate 2017--- Media Conference

Apr 10, 2017



Ontario and British Columbia expand treatment access to chronic hepatitis C (CHC) patients

Feb 22, 2017



Canada Reaches Health Funding Agreement with British Columbia

Feb 17, 2017






Key Executives


Christy Clark


Premier




Andrew Wilkinson


Minister:Advanced Education




Norm Letnick


Minister:Agriculture




Stephanie Cadieux


Minister:Children & Family Dev




Mary Polak


Minister:Environment




Michael de Jong


Minister:Finance/House Leader




Terry Lake


Minister:Health




Teresa Wat


Minister:International Trade




Shirley Bond


Minister:Jobs




Don McRae


Minister:Social Development




Amrik Virk


Minister:Technology & Innovation



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Alaska, Idaho, western Montana, Oregon, and Washington state.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792687821"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 00:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Alaska, Idaho, western Montana, Oregon, and Washington state.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792687821"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 00:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Alaska, Idaho, western Montana, Oregon, and Washington state.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792687821"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 00:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













B.C. Homepage - Province of British Columbia







































































 
















Skip to main content


Skip to navigation


Accessibility Statement














Search



default_collection
default_frontend


 










Careers & MyHR


Services A-Z


Organizations A-Z


Forms A-Z


News


Contact Us






MENU


































Wildfires active throughout B.C.
If you live in a high-risk community, be prepared: develop a plan, put together an emergency kit, and connect with your neighbours.
Get more preparedness info here














Expanding overdose supports
Over $16 million helps increase addictions treatment services as part of the battle against the epidemic of illicit drug overdoses.
Learn about overdose response here














Help prevent #BCWildfire
British Columbians are urged to do their part to help prevent wildfires and reduce fire risks.
Learn how to help prevent wildfires















Featured Programs & Services
Learn more | 普通话 | 粵語 | Les services | 한국어 | ਪੰਜਾਬੀ






Feature Services Search


default_collection
featured_services_fe









Government A-Z



Get prepared in high-risk communities

BC Wildfires:
Get prepared in high-risk communities
Keep your family safe: Develop a household plan, build an emergency kit, connect with neighbours.


What to do if you're evacuated

BC Wildfires:
What to do if you're evacuated
Even if aid is not required evacuees are encouraged to register at redcross.ca or call 1-800-863-6582.





How may we help you?











British Columbians & Our Governments
The ministries, about our government, open government, DataBC, govTogetherBC, news, celebrating B.C., BC Stats, First Nation treaties, Aboriginal peoples, Services for Government, government identification, freedom of information, local governments



Search:


theme_1_collection
theme_1_frontend















Health
MSP, Pharmacare, accessing health care, public health, health forms, practitioner & professional resources, Office of the Provincial Health Officer, mental health and substance use supports in B.C.



Search:


theme_3_collection
theme_3_frontend















Birth, Adoption, Death, Marriage & Divorce
Births, marriages, deaths, legal changes of name, adoptions, order certificates & copies and extracts, online birth registration, separation & divorce, will notices



Search:


theme_2_collection
theme_2_frontend















Education & Training
Early learning, K-12, post secondary, adult learning, ways to learn, K to 12 administration, skills training, StudentAidBC, Aboriginal Education, BC For High School, Enhanced District Reporting



Search:


theme_4_collection
theme_4_frontend















Driving & Transportation
Licensing & insurance, DriveBC, RoadSafetyBC, passenger air rail & water, highway construction & maintenance, BC Ferries



Search:


theme_5_collection
theme_5_frontend















Public Safety & Emergency Services
Criminal record checks, domestic violence, emergency management, fire safety, Helpline for Children, metal theft, PreparedBC, protecting children, Protection Order Registry, security industry licensing



Search:


theme_6_collection
theme_6_frontend















Law, Crime & Justice
B.C.'s prosecution service, Corrections, courthouse services, criminal justice, human rights, Justice Access Centres, justice reform, policing, sex offender registry, victim services, VictimLinkBC



Search:


theme_7_collection
theme_7_frontend















Taxes & Tax Credits
PST, home owner grant, first time home buyers, property transfers, carbon tax, tobacco tax, natural resource taxes, insurance tax, personal income tax



Search:


theme_8_collection
theme_8_frontend















Housing & Tenancy
Rental housing, strata housing, seniors housing, owning a home, social housing, buying & selling property, building or renovating, B.C. building code



Search:


theme_9_collection
theme_9_frontend















Sports, Recreation, Arts & Culture
Amateur sports, BC Games, BC Parks, recreation, arts, culture, libraries, historic places, museums, funding, gaming grants, event hosting



Search:


theme_10_collection
theme_10_frontend















Environmental Protection & Sustainability
Climate change, waste management, air, land & water, plants & wildlife, environmental emergencies, pesticides & pest management, Conservation Officer Services



Search:


theme_11_collection
theme_11_frontend















Farming, Natural Resources & Industry
Agriculture & seafood, BC building code, electricity, forestry, highway construction, liquefied natural gas, mineral exploration & mining, natural gas & oil



Search:


theme_12_collection
theme_12_frontend















Employment, Business & Economic Development
Jobs in B.C., small business, not-for-profit societies, cooperatives, employment standards, Employers' Advisers Office, international trade, attracting investment, B.C. exports, economic development, funding & grants, social innovation



Search:


theme_13_collection
theme_13_frontend















Tourism & Immigration
Traveling to B.C., studying in B.C., working in B.C., immigrating to B.C., HelloBC



Search:


theme_14_collection
theme_14_frontend















Family & Social Supports
Supports for seniors, parents & youth, income assistance, disability assistance, foster parenting, accessibility, childcare



Search:


theme_15_collection
theme_15_frontend















Data
B.C. Data Catalogue, Statistics, Geographic Data, Open Data, Data Management in B.C., DataBC, BC Stats, GeoBC, iMapBC, B.C. Map Services, B.C. Physical Address Geocoder, B.C. Geographic Warehouse



Search:


default_collection
default_frontend











BC at a Glance




			20,095
Jobs available through WorkBC.ca

Find Jobs


BC Gov News

Premier John Horgan pledges support for people and communities affected by B.C. wildfires
Premier John Horgan has pledged his ongoing support for the people and communities affected by wildfires in B.C.’s Interior, as the cabinet meets for the first time in Victoria.
Wednesday, July 19, 2017

View more news








Some evacuation orders and alerts near City of Williams Lake have been downgraded. <br /><br />Visit Emergency Info BC to ensure it is safe in your area and check out their tips to make the return home easier and safer.

More on Facebook




 










Connect With Us



BC Gov News


Facebook


Twitter


Photos


Videos


Newsletters


RSS Feeds






Government A-Z



Services A-Z






Organizations A-Z






Forms A-Z






Services and Information Topics


British Columbians & Our Governments
Health
Birth, Adoption, Death, Marriage & Divorce
Education & Training
Driving & Transportation
Public Safety & Emergency Services




Law, Crime & Justice
Taxes & Tax Credits
Housing & Tenancy
Sports, Recreation, Arts & Culture
Environmental Protection & Sustainability
Farming, Natural Resources & Industry




Employment, Business & Economic Development
Tourism & Immigration
Family & Social Supports
Data











Home


About gov.bc.ca


Disclaimer


Privacy


Accessibility


Copyright


Contact Us



Desktop View

























British Columbia - Wikipedia






















 






British Columbia

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



British Columbia
Colombie-Britannique  (French)






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Latin: Splendor sine occasu
(English: Splendour without diminishment)







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 20, 1871 (7th)


Capital
Victoria


Largest city
Vancouver


Largest metro
Metro Vancouver





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Judith Guichon


 • Premier
John Horgan (NDP)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of British Columbia


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
42 of 338 (12.4%)


Senate seats
6 of 105 (5.7%)





Area


 • Total
944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi)


 • Land
925,186 km2 (357,216 sq mi)


 • Water
19,548.9 km2 (7,547.9 sq mi)  2.1%


Area rank
Ranked 5th


 
9.5% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
4,648,055 [1]


 • Estimate (2017 Q1)
4,777,157 [2]


 • Rank
Ranked 3rd


 • Density
5/km2 (10/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
British Columbian[3]


Official languages
English





GDP


 • Rank
4th


 • Total (2015)
C$249.981 billion[4]


 • Per capita
C$53,267 (8th)


Time zone
Pacific (most of province)
Mountain (far eastern) UTC−8 & −7


Postal abbr.
BC


Postal code prefix
V


ISO 3166 code
CA-BC


Flower
Pacific dogwood


Tree
Western red cedar


Bird
Steller's jay


Website
www2.gov.bc.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


British Columbia is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than four million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. British Columbia is also a component of the Pacific Northwest and the Cascadia bioregion, along with the U.S. states of Alaska, Idaho, western Montana, Oregon, and Washington state.[5][6]
The first British settlement in the area was Fort Victoria, established in 1843, which gave rise to the city of Victoria, at first the capital of the separate Colony of Vancouver Island. Subsequently, on the mainland, the Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) was founded by Richard Clement Moody[7] and the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment, in response to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush. Moody was Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for the Colony and the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia: he was hand-picked by the Colonial Office in London to transform British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west",[8] and "to found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Moody selected the site for and founded the original capital of British Columbia, New Westminster, established the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park,[10] and designed the first version of the Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11] Port Moody is named after him.[12]
In 1866, Vancouver Island became part of the colony of British Columbia, and Victoria became the united colony's capital. In 1871, British Columbia became the sixth province of Canada. Its Latin motto is Splendor sine occasu ("Splendour without Diminishment").
The capital of British Columbia remains Victoria, the fifteenth-largest metropolitan region in Canada, named for the Queen who created the original European colonies. The largest city is Vancouver, the third-largest metropolitan area in Canada, the largest in Western Canada, and the third-largest in the Pacific Northwest. In October 2013, British Columbia had an estimated population of 4,606,371 (about 2.5 million of whom were in Greater Vancouver).[13] The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party in a minority supported by the British Columbia Green Party, led by Premier John Horgan, who became premier as a result of a no-confidence motion on June 29, 2017.
British Columbia evolved from British possessions that were established in what is now British Columbia by 1871. First Nations, the original inhabitants of the land, have a history of at least 10,000 years in the area. Today there are few treaties and the question of Aboriginal Title, long ignored, has become a legal and political question of frequent debate as a result of recent court actions. Notably, the Tsilhqot'in Nation has established Aboriginal title to a portion of their territory, as a result of the recent Supreme Court of Canada decision (William [Tsilhqot'in Nation] v. British Columbia).
BC's economy is diverse, with service producing industries accounting for the largest portion of the province's GDP.[14] It is the endpoint of transcontinental railways, and the site of major Pacific ports that enable international trade. Though less than 5% of its vast 944,735 km2 (364,764 sq mi) land is arable, the province is agriculturally rich (particularly in the Fraser and Okanagan valleys), because of milder weather near the coast and in certain sheltered southern valleys. Its climate encourages outdoor recreation and tourism, though its economic mainstay has long been resource extraction, principally logging, farming, and mining. Vancouver, the province's largest city and metropolitan area, also serves as the headquarters of many western-based natural resource companies. It also benefits from a strong housing market and a per capita income well above the national average. While the coast of British Columbia and certain valleys in the south-central part of the province have mild weather, the majority of its land mass experiences a cold-winter-temperate climate similar to that of the rest of Canada. The Northern Interior region has a subarctic climate with very cold winters. The climate of Vancouver is by far the mildest winter climate of the major Canadian cities, with nighttime January temperatures averaging above the freezing point.[15]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate
2.2 Parks and protected areas
2.3 Fauna
2.4 Forests
2.5 Traditional plant foods
2.6 Ecozones


3 History

3.1 First Nations (Aboriginal) history
3.2 Fur trade and colonial era
3.3 Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)
3.4 Later gold rushes
3.5 Rapid growth and development
3.6 1920s through 1940s
3.7 Coalition and the post-War boom
3.8 1952–1960s
3.9 1970s and 1980s
3.10 1990s to present


4 Demographics

4.1 Ethnic groups and languages
4.2 Cities


5 Economy
6 Government and politics

6.1 Official symbols
6.2 Civil rights


7 Social issues

7.1 Housing affordability
7.2 Fentanyl crisis


8 Transportation

8.1 Roads and highways
8.2 Public transit
8.3 Rail
8.4 Water
8.5 Air


9 Culture

9.1 Outdoor life


10 Education
11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province's name was chosen by Queen Victoria, when the Colony of British Columbia, i.e., "the Mainland", became a British colony in 1858.[16] It refers to the Columbia District, the British name for the territory drained by the Columbia River, in southeastern British Columbia, which was the namesake of the pre-Oregon Treaty Columbia Department of the Hudson's Bay Company. Queen Victoria chose British Columbia to distinguish what was the British sector of the Columbia District from that of the United States ("American Columbia" or "Southern Columbia"), which became the Oregon Territory on August 8, 1848, as a result of the treaty.[17]
Ultimately, the Columbia in the name British Columbia is derived from the name of the Columbia Rediviva, an American ship which lent its name to the Columbia River and later the wider region;[18] the Columbia in the name Columbia Rediviva came from the name Columbia for the New World or parts thereof, a reference to Christopher Columbus.
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of British Columbia




British Columbia's geography is epitomized by the variety and intensity of its physical relief, which has defined patterns of settlement and industry since colonization.


British Columbia is bordered by the Pacific Ocean on the west side, by the American state of Alaska to the northwest and parts of the west, on the north by Yukon and the Northwest Territories, on the east by the province of Alberta, and on the south by the states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The current southern border of British Columbia was established by the 1846 Oregon Treaty, although its history is tied with lands as far south as California. British Columbia's land area is 944,735 square kilometres (364,800 sq mi). British Columbia's rugged coastline stretches for more than 27,000 kilometres (17,000 mi), and includes deep, mountainous fjords and about 6,000 islands, most of which are uninhabited. It is the only province in Canada that borders the Pacific Ocean.
British Columbia's capital is Victoria, located at the southeastern tip of Vancouver Island. Only a narrow strip of the Island, from Campbell River to Victoria, is significantly populated. Much of the western part of Vancouver Island and the rest of the coast is covered by thick, tall and sometimes impenetrable temperate rainforest. The province's most populous city is Vancouver, which is located at the confluence of the Fraser River and Georgia Strait, in the southwest corner of the mainland (an area often called the Lower Mainland). By land area, Abbotsford is the largest city. Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.[19]
The Coast Mountains and the Inside Passage's many inlets provide some of British Columbia's renowned and spectacular scenery, which forms the backdrop and context for a growing outdoor adventure and ecotourism industry. Seventy-five percent of the province is mountainous (more than 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) above sea level); 60% is forested; and only about 5% is arable.
The province's mainland away from the coastal regions is somewhat moderated by the Pacific Ocean. Terrain ranges from dry inland forests and semi-arid in numerous valleys, to the range and canyon districts of the Central and Southern Interior, to boreal forest and subarctic prairie in the Northern Interior.
The Okanagan area, extending from near Vernon to Osoyoos, at the United States border, is one of several wine- and cider-producing regions in Canada. Other wine regions in British Columbia include the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island and the Fraser Valley.
The Southern Interior cities of Kamloops and Penticton have some of the warmest and longest summer climates in Canada, although their temperatures can be exceeded north of the Fraser Canyon, close to the confluence of the Fraser and Thompson rivers, where the terrain is rugged and covered with desert-type flora. Semi-desert grassland is found in large areas of the Interior Plateau, with land uses ranging from ranching at lower altitudes to forestry at higher ones.
The northern, mostly mountainous two-thirds of the province are largely unpopulated and undeveloped, except for the area east of the Rockies, where the Peace River District, in the northeast of the province, contains BC's portion of the Canadian Prairies, centred at Dawson Creek.
Climate[edit]




Köppen climate types in British Columbia






Strait of Georgia, near Vancouver


Coastal southern British Columbia has a mild, rainy oceanic climate, some far southern parts of which are warm-summer Mediterranean, influenced by the North Pacific Current, which has its origins in the Kuroshio Current. Due to the blocking presence of successive mountain ranges, the climate of the interior of the province is semi-arid with certain locations receiving less than 250 mm (10") in annual precipitation. The annual mean temperature in the most populated areas of the province is up to 12 °C (54 °F), the mildest anywhere in Canada.
The valleys of the Southern Interior have short winters with only brief bouts of cold or infrequent heavy snow, while those in the Cariboo, in the Central Interior, are colder because of increased altitude and latitude, but without the intensity or duration experienced at similar latitudes elsewhere in Canada. For example, the average daily low in Prince George (roughly located in the middle of the province) in January is −12 °C (10 °F).[20] Heavy snowfall occurs in all elevated mountainous terrain providing bases for skiers in both south and central British Columbia.
Winters are generally severe in the Northern Interior, but even there milder air can penetrate far inland. The coldest temperature in British Columbia was recorded in Smith River, where it dropped to −58.9 °C (−74 °F) on January 31, 1947,[21] one of the coldest readings recorded anywhere in North America. Atlin in the province's far northwest, along with the adjoining Southern Lakes region of Yukon, get midwinter thaws caused by the Chinook effect, which is also common (and much warmer) in more southerly parts of the Interior.
During winter, on the coast, rainfall, sometimes relentless heavy rain, dominates because of consistent barrages of cyclonic low-pressure systems from the North Pacific. Average snowfall on the coast during an average winter is between 25 and 50 cm (9.8 and 19.7 in), but on occasion (and not every winter) heavy snowfalls with more than 20 cm (7.9 in) and well below freezing temperatures arrive when modified arctic air reaches coastal areas, typically for short periods, and can take temperatures below −10 °C (14 °F) even at sea level and arctic outflow winds can make wind chill temperatures at or even below −17.8 °C (0.0 °F) for a couple of mornings. While winters are very wet, coastal areas are generally milder and dry during summer under the influence of stable anti-cyclonic high pressure. Southern Interior valleys are hot in summer; for example in Osoyoos the July maximum temperature averages 31.7 °C (89 °F) the hottest month of any place in Canada, this hot weather sometimes spreads towards the coast or to the far north of the province. Temperatures often exceed 40 °C (104 °F) in the lower elevations of valleys in the Interior during mid-summer, with the record high of 44.4 °C (111.9 °F) being held in Lytton on July 16, 1941.[22]




The Okanagan region has a climate suitable to vineyards.


The extended summer dryness often creates conditions that spark forest fires, from dry-lightning or man-made causes. Many areas of the province are often covered by a blanket of heavy cloud and low fog during the winter months, in contrast to abundant summer sunshine. Annual sunshine hours vary from 2200 near Cranbrook and Victoria to less than 1300 in Prince Rupert, located on the North Coast, just south of the Alaska Panhandle.
The exception to British Columbia's wet and cloudy winters is El Niño. During this phase, the jet stream is much further south across North America, therefore winters are milder and drier than normal. Winters are much wetter and cooler under the opposite phase, La Niña.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected cities in British Columbia[23]

Municipality
January
April
July
October


Prince Rupert
5.6 °C (42.1 °F)/ −0.8 °C (30.6 °F)
10.2 °C (50.4 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
16.2 °C (61.2 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
11.1 °C (52.0 °F)/ 4.9 °C (40.8 °F)


Tofino
8.3 °C (46.9 °F)/ 2.3 °C (36.1 °F)
11.9 °C (53.4 °F)/ 4.0 °C (39.2 °F)
18.9 °C (66.0 °F)/ 10.5 °C (50.9 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 6.3 °C (43.3 °F)


Nanaimo
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 0.1 °C (32.2 °F)
14.1 °C (57.4 °F)/ 3.9 °C (39.0 °F)
23.9 °C (75.0 °F)/ 12.3 °C (54.1 °F)
14.6 °C (58.3 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)


Victoria
7.6 °C (45.7 °F)/ 1.5 °C (34.7 °F)
13.6 °C (56.5 °F)/ 4.3 °C (39.7 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 11.3 °C (52.3 °F)
14.2 °C (57.6 °F)/ 5.7 °C (42.3 °F)


Vancouver
6.9 °C (44.4 °F)/ 1.4 °C (34.5 °F)
13.2 °C (55.8 °F)/ 5.6 °C (42.1 °F)
22.2 °C (72.0 °F)/ 13.7 °C (56.7 °F)
13.5 °C (56.3 °F)/ 7.0 °C (44.6 °F)


Chilliwack
6.1 °C (43.0 °F)/ 0.4 °C (32.7 °F)
15.8 °C (60.4 °F)/ 5.2 °C (41.4 °F)
25.0 °C (77.0 °F)/ 12.5 °C (54.5 °F)
15.3 °C (59.5 °F)/ 6.4 °C (43.5 °F)


Penticton
1.8 °C (35.2 °F)/ −3.0 °C (26.6 °F)
15.7 °C (60.3 °F)/ 2.5 °C (36.5 °F)
28.7 °C (83.7 °F)/ 13.3 °C (55.9 °F)
14.3 °C (57.7 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)


Kamloops
0.4 °C (32.7 °F)/ −5.9 °C (21.4 °F)
16.6 °C (61.9 °F)/ 3.2 °C (37.8 °F)
28.9 °C (84.0 °F)/ 14.2 °C (57.6 °F)
13.7 °C (56.7 °F)/ 3.3 °C (37.9 °F)


Osoyoos
2.0 °C (35.6 °F)/ −3.8 °C (25.2 °F)
18.1 °C (64.6 °F)/ 3.6 °C (38.5 °F)
31.5 °C (88.7 °F)/ 14.3 °C (57.7 °F)
16.4 °C (61.5 °F)/ 3.5 °C (38.3 °F)


Cranbrook
−1.9 °C (28.6 °F)/ −10.2 °C (13.6 °F)
12.9 °C (55.2 °F)/ 0.3 °C (32.5 °F)
26.2 °C (79.2 °F)/ 11.2 °C (52.2 °F)
11.7 °C (53.1 °F)/ −0.3 °C (31.5 °F)


Prince George
−4.0 °C (24.8 °F)/ −11.7 °C (10.9 °F)
11.2 °C (52.2 °F)/ −1.1 °C (30.0 °F)
22.4 °C (72.3 °F)/ 9.1 °C (48.4 °F)
9.4 °C (48.9 °F)/ −0.5 °C (31.1 °F)


Fort Nelson
−16.1 °C (3.0 °F)/ −24.6 °C (−12.3 °F)
9.6 °C (49.3 °F)/ −3.6 °C (25.5 °F)
23.2 °C (73.8 °F)/ 10.9 °C (51.6 °F)
5.2 °C (41.4 °F)/ −4.2 °C (24.4 °F)


Parks and protected areas[edit]
Main articles: List of protected areas of British Columbia and List of British Columbia Provincial Parks




Mount Robson, Canadian Rockies, BC


There are 14 designations of parks and protected areas in the province that reflect the different administration and creation of these areas in a modern context. There are 141 ecological Reserves, 35 provincial marine parks, 7 Provincial Heritage Sites, 6 National Historic Sites of Canada, 4 National Parks and 3 National Park Reserves. 12.5% (114,000 km2 (44,000 sq mi)) of British Columbia is currently considered protected under one of the 14 different designations that includes over 800 distinct areas.
British Columbia contains seven of Canada's national parks:

Glacier National Park
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve
Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site
Kootenay National Park
Mount Revelstoke National Park
Pacific Rim National Park Reserve
Yoho National Park

British Columbia also contains a large network of provincial parks, run by BC Parks, under the aegis of the Ministry of Environment. British Columbia's provincial parks system is the second largest parks system in Canada (the largest is Canada's National Parks system).
Another tier of parks in British Columbia are regional parks, which are maintained and run by regional districts.
In addition to these areas, over 47,000 km2 (18,000 sq mi) of arable land are protected by the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Fauna[edit]




Yoho National Park


Much of the province is wild or semi-wild, so that populations of many mammalian species that have become rare in much of the United States still flourish in British Columbia. Watching animals of various sorts, including a very wide range of birds, has also long been popular. Bears (grizzly, black, and the Kermode bear or spirit bear—found only in British Columbia) live here, as do deer, elk, moose, caribou, big-horn sheep, mountain goats, marmots, beavers, muskrats, coyotes, wolves, mustelids (such as wolverines, badgers and fishers), cougars, eagles, ospreys, herons, Canada geese, swans, loons, hawks, owls, ravens, harlequin ducks, and many other sorts of ducks. Smaller birds (robins, jays, grosbeaks, chickadees, and so on) also abound. Murrelets are known from Frederick Island, a small islands off the coast of Queen Charlotte's Islands.[24]
Healthy populations of many sorts of fish are found in the waters (including salmonids such as several species of salmon, trout, char, and so on). Besides salmon and trout, sport-fishers in BC also catch halibut, steelhead, bass, and sturgeon. On the coastlines, harbour seals and river otters are common. Cetacean species native to the coast include the orca, grey whale, harbour porpoise, Dall's Porpoise, Pacific white-sided dolphin and minke whale.




Cheakamus Lake at dawn, in Garibaldi Provincial Park, BC


British Columbian introduced species include: common dandelion, ring-necked pheasant, Pacific oyster, brown trout, black slug, European starling, cowbird, knapweed, bullfrog, purple loosestrife, Scotch broom, Himalayan blackberry, European earwig, tent caterpillar, sowbug, grey squirrel, Asian longhorn beetle, English ivy, fallow deer, thistle, gorse, Norway rat, crested mynah, and Asian or European gypsy moth.[citation needed]
Some endangered species in British Columbia are: Vancouver Island marmot, spotted owl, American white pelican, and badgers.


Type of organism
Red-listed species in BC
Total number of species in BC


Freshwater fish
24
80


Amphibians
5
19


Reptiles
6
16


Birds
34
465


Terrestrial mammals
Requires new data
Requires new data


Marine mammals
3
29


Plants
257
2333


Butterflies
19
187


Dragonflies
9
87


As of 2001[25]
Forests[edit]
White spruce or Engelmann spruce and their hybrids occur in 12 of the 14 biogeoclimatic zones of British Columbia (Coates et al. 1994).[26] Some common types of trees that grow wild in BC's forests are varieties of pine, fir, cedar, birch, hemlock, maple, and spruce.
Traditional plant foods[edit]
Main article: Wild and medicinal plants of British Columbia
Plant foods traditionally contributed only a part of the total food intake of coastal First Nations peoples of British Columbia, though they contributed to most of the material good produced. Among the plant foods used, berries, some roots (for example the Camas Lily – part of the Camassia family), cambium noodles (inner bark of hemlock), and seaweeds were (and to an extent still are) important. Animal products were traditionally far more important than plant foods in terms of quantity consumed; however, the huge nutritional diversity provided by native plants of BC largely contributes to the health of First Nations peoples of British Columbia. (Before colonization, British Columbia had the densest aboriginal population of any region in what is now called Canada.)[27]
Ecozones[edit]
Environment Canada subdivides British Columbia into six ecozones:

Pacific Marine
Pacific Maritime
Boreal Cordillera
Montane Cordillera
Taiga Plains
Boreal Plains Ecozones.

History[edit]
Main article: History of British Columbia
First Nations (Aboriginal) history[edit]
Main articles: Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast, Indigenous peoples of the Northwest Plateau, and The Canadian Crown and Aboriginal peoples
The area that is now known as British Columbia is home to First Nations groups that have a deep history with a significant percentage of indigenous languages. There are more than 200 First Nations in BC. Prior to contact (with non-Aboriginal people), human history is known from archaeological investigations, an oral history of First Nations groups, and from early records from explorers encountering societies early in the period.
The arrival of Paleoindians from Beringia took place between 20,000 and 12,000 years ago.[28] Hunter gatherer families were the main social structure from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago.[29] The nomadic population lived in non-permanent structures foraging for nuts, berries and edible roots while hunting and trapping larger and small game for food and furs.[29] Around 5,000 years ago individual groups started to focus on resources available to them locally. Thus with the passage of time there is a pattern of increasing regional generalization with a more sedentary lifestyle.[29] These indigenous populations evolved over the next 5,000 years across a large area into many groups with shared traditions and customs.
To the northwest of the province are the peoples of the Na-Dene languages, which include the Athapaskan-speaking peoples and the Tlingit, who lived on the islands of southern Alaska and northern British Columbia. The Na-Dene language group is believed to be linked to the Yeniseian languages of Siberia.[30] The Dene of the western Arctic may represent a distinct wave of migration from Asia to North America.[30] The Interior of British Columbia was home to the Salishan language groups such as the Shuswap (Secwepemc), Okanagan and Athabaskan language groups, primarily the Dakelh (Carrier) and the Tsilhqot'in.[31] The inlets and valleys of the British Columbia Coast sheltered large, distinctive populations, such as the Haida, Kwakwaka'wakw and Nuu-chah-nulth, sustained by the region's abundant salmon and shellfish.[31] These peoples developed complex cultures dependent on the western red cedar that included wooden houses, seagoing whaling and war canoes and elaborately carved potlatch items and totem poles.[31]
Contact with Europeans brought a series of devastating epidemics of diseases from Europe that the people had no immunity to.[32] The result was a dramatic population collapse, culminating in the 1862 Smallpox outbreak in Victoria that spread throughout the coast. European settlement did not bode well for the remaining native population of British Columbia. Colonial officials deemed that colonists could make better use of the land than the First Nations people, and thus the land territory be owned by the colonists.[33] To ensure colonists would be able to settle properly and make use of the land, natives were relocated onto reserves, which were often too small to support their way of life.[34] By the 1930s, over 1500 reserves were located within British Columbia.[35]
Fur trade and colonial era[edit]
The British, during the colonial period, spread across the world claiming territories and building the British Empire. Lands now known as British Columbia were added to the empire during the 19th century. Originally established under the auspices of the Hudson's Bay Company, colonies were established (Vancouver Island, the mainland) that were amalgamated, then entered Confederation as British Columbia in 1871 as part of the Dominion of Canada.
During the 1770s, smallpox killed at least 30% of the Pacific Northwest First Nations.[36] This devastating epidemic was the first in a series; the Great Smallpox Epidemic of 1862 killed 50% of the native population.[37]




Spanish fort San Miguel at Nootka in 1793






Kwakwaka'wakw house pole, second half of the 19th century


The arrival of Europeans began around the mid-18th century, as fur traders entered the area to harvest sea otters. While it is thought that Sir Francis Drake may have explored the British Columbian coast in 1579, it was Juan Pérez who completed the first documented voyage, which took place in 1774. Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra explored the coast in 1775. In doing so, Pérez and Quadra reasserted the Spanish claim for the Pacific coast, first made by Vasco Núñez de Balboa in 1513.
The explorations of James Cook in 1778 and George Vancouver in 1792–93 established British jurisdiction over the coastal area north and west of the Columbia River. In 1793, Sir Alexander Mackenzie was the first European to journey across North America overland to the Pacific Ocean, inscribing a stone marking his accomplishment on the shoreline of Dean Channel near Bella Coola. His expedition theoretically established British sovereignty inland, and a succession of other fur company explorers charted the maze of rivers and mountain ranges between the Canadian Prairies and the Pacific. Mackenzie and other explorers—notably John Finlay, Simon Fraser, Samuel Black, and David Thompson—were primarily concerned with extending the fur trade, rather than political considerations. In 1794, by the third of a series of agreements known as the Nootka Conventions, Spain conceded its claims of exclusivity in the Pacific. This opened the way for formal claims and colonization by other powers, including Britain, but because of the Napoleonic Wars, there was little British action on its claims in the region until later.
The establishment of trading posts under the auspices of the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC), effectively established a permanent British presence in the region. The Columbia District was broadly defined as being south of 54°40 north latitude, (the southern limit of Russian America), north of Mexican-controlled California, and west of the Rocky Mountains. It was, by the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, under the "joint occupancy and use" of citizens of the United States and subjects of Britain (which is to say, the fur companies). This co-occupancy was ended with the Oregon Treaty of 1846.
The major supply route was the York Factory Express between Hudson Bay and Fort Vancouver. Some of the early outposts grew into settlements, communities, and cities. Among the places in British Columbia that began as fur trading posts are Fort St. John (established 1794); Hudson's Hope (1805); Fort Nelson (1805); Fort St. James (1806); Prince George (1807); Kamloops (1812); Fort Langley (1827); Fort Victoria (1843); Yale (1848); and Nanaimo (1853). Fur company posts that became cities in what is now the United States include Vancouver, Washington (Fort Vancouver), formerly the "capital" of Hudson's Bay operations in the Columbia District, Colville, Washington and Walla Walla, Washington (old Fort Nez Percés).
With the amalgamation of the two fur trading companies in 1821, the region now comprising British Columbia existed in three fur trading departments. The bulk of the central and northern interior was organized into the New Caledonia district, administered from Fort St. James. The interior south of the Thompson River watershed and north of the Columbia was organized into the Columbia District, administered from Fort Vancouver on the lower Columbia River. The northeast corner of the province east of the Rockies, known as the Peace River Block, was attached to the much larger Athabasca District, headquartered in Fort Chipewyan, in present-day Alberta.
Until 1849, these districts were a wholly unorganized area of British North America under the de facto jurisdiction of HBC administrators. Unlike Rupert's Land to the north and east, however, the territory was not a concession to the company. Rather, it was simply granted a monopoly to trade with the First Nations inhabitants. All that was changed with the westward extension of American exploration and the concomitant overlapping claims of territorial sovereignty, especially in the southern Columbia basin (within present day Washington and Oregon). In 1846, the Oregon Treaty divided the territory along the 49th parallel to the Strait of Georgia, with the area south of this boundary (excluding Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands) transferred to sole American sovereignty. The Colony of Vancouver Island was created in 1849, with Victoria designated as the capital. New Caledonia, as the whole of the mainland rather than just its north-central Interior came to be called, continued to be an unorganized territory of British North America, "administered" by individual HBC trading post managers.
Colony of British Columbia (1858–66)[edit]
Main articles: Colony of British Columbia (1858–66) and Richard Clement Moody
With the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush in 1858, an influx of Americans into New Caledonia prompted the colonial office to designate the mainland as the Colony of British Columbia. When news of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush reached London, Richard Clement Moody was hand-picked by the Colonial Office, under Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, to establish British order and to transform the newly established Colony of British Columbia into the British Empire's "bulwark in the farthest west" [8] and "found a second England on the shores of the Pacific".[9] Lytton desired to send to the colony "representatives of the best of British culture, not just a police force": he sought men who possessed "courtesy, high breeding and urbane knowledge of the world"[38] and he decided to send Moody, whom the Government considered to be the "English gentleman and British Officer"[39] at the head of the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment.
Moody and his family arrived in British Columbia in December 1858, commanding the Royal Engineers, Columbia Detachment. He was sworn in as the first Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia and appointed Chief Commissioner of Lands and Works for British Columbia. On the advice of Lytton, Moody hired Robert Burnaby as his personal secretary.
In British Columbia, Moody "wanted to build a city of beauty in the wilderness" and planned his city as an iconic visual metaphor for British dominance, "styled and located with the objective of reinforcing the authority of the crown and of the robe".[40] Subsequent to the enactment of the Pre-emption Act of 1860, Moody settled the Lower Mainland. He selected the site and founded the new capital, New Westminster. He selected the site due to the strategic excellence of its position and the quality of its port.[40] He was also struck by the majestic beauty of the site, writing in his letter to Blackwood,

"The entrance to the Frazer is very striking--Extending miles to the right & left are low marsh lands (apparently of very rich qualities) & yet fr the Background of Superb Mountains-- Swiss in outline, dark in woods, grandly towering into the clouds there is a sublimity that deeply impresses you. Everything is large and magnificent, worthy of the entrance to the Queen of England’s dominions on the Pacific mainland. [...] My imagination converted the silent marshes into Cuyp-like pictures of horses and cattle lazily fattening in rich meadows in a glowing sunset. [...] The water of the deep clear Frazer was of a glassy stillness, not a ripple before us, except when a fish rose to the surface or broods of wild ducks fluttered away".[41][42]

Moody designed the first Coat of arms of British Columbia.[11][12]
However, Lord Lytton "forgot the practicalities of paying for clearing and developing the site and the town" and the efforts of Moody's Engineers were continuously hampered by insufficient funds, which, together with the continuous opposition of Douglas, "made it impossible for Moody’s design to be fulfilled".[43]
Moody and the Royal Engineers also built an extensive road network, including what would become Kingsway, connecting New Westminster to False Creek, the North Road between Port Moody and New Westminster, and the Cariboo Road and Stanley Park. He named Burnaby Lake after his private secretary Robert Burnaby and named Port Coquitlam’s 400-foot "Mary Hill" after his wife. As part of the surveying effort, several tracts were designated "government reserves", which included Stanley Park as a military reserve (a strategic location in case of an American invasion). The Pre-emption act did not specify conditions for distributing the land, so large parcels were snapped up by speculators, including 3,750 acres (1,517 hectares) by Moody himself. For this he was criticized by local newspapermen for land grabbing.Port Moody is named after him. It was established at the end of a trail that connected New Westminster with Burrard Inlet to defend New Westminster from potential attack from the US.
By 1862, the Cariboo Gold Rush, attracting an additional 5000 miners, was underway, and Douglas hastened construction of the Great North Road (commonly known now as the Cariboo Wagon Road) up the Fraser Canyon to the prospecting region around Barkerville. By the time of this gold rush, the character of the colony was changing, as a more stable population of British colonists settled in the region, establishing businesses, opening sawmills, and engaging in fishing and agriculture. With this increased stability, objections to the colony's absentee governor and the lack of responsible government began to be vocalised, led by the influential editor of the New Westminster British Columbian and future Premier, John Robson. A series of petitions requesting an assembly were ignored by Douglas and the colonial office until Douglas was eased out of office in 1864. Finally, the colony would have both an assembly and a resident governor.
Later gold rushes[edit]
A series of gold rushes in various parts of the province followed, the largest being the Cariboo Gold Rush in 1862, forcing the colonial administration into deeper debt as it struggled to meet the extensive infrastructure needs of far-flung boom communities like Barkerville and Lillooet, which sprang up overnight. The Vancouver Island colony was facing financial crises of its own, and pressure to merge the two eventually succeeded in 1866, when the colony of British Columbia was amalgamated with the Colony of Vancouver Island to form the Colony of British Columbia (1866–71), which was, in turn, succeeded by the present day province of British Columbia following the Canadian Confederation of 1871.
Rapid growth and development[edit]




Lord Strathcona drives the Last Spike of the Canadian Pacific Railway, at Craigellachie, November 7, 1885. Completion of the transcontinental railroad was a condition of entry into Confederation.


The Confederation League, including such figures as Amor De Cosmos, John Robson, and Robert Beaven, led the chorus pressing for the colony to join Canada, which had been created out of three British North American colonies in 1867 (the Province of Canada, Nova Scotia and New Brunswick). Several factors motivated this agitation, including the fear of annexation to the United States, the overwhelming debt created by rapid population growth, the need for government-funded services to support this population, and the economic depression caused by the end of the gold rush.




Memorial "Last spike" in Craigellachie


With the agreement by the Canadian government to extend the Canadian Pacific Railway to British Columbia and to assume the colony's debt, British Columbia became the sixth province to join Confederation on July 20, 1871. The borders of the province were not completely settled. The Treaty of Washington sent the Pig War San Juan Islands Border dispute to arbitration in 1871 and in 1903, the province's territory shrank again after the Alaska boundary dispute settled the vague boundary of the Alaska Panhandle.
Population in British Columbia continued to expand as the province's mining, forestry, agriculture, and fishing sectors were developed. Mining activity was particularly notable throughout the Mainland, particularly in the Boundary Country, in the Slocan, in the West Kootenay around Trail, the East Kootenay (the southeast corner of the province), the Fraser Canyon, the Cariboo, the Omineca and the Cassiar, so much so a common epithet for the Mainland, even after provincehood, was "the Gold Colony". Agriculture attracted settlers to the fertile Fraser Valley, and cattle ranchers and later fruit growers came to the drier grasslands of the Thompson River area, the Cariboo, the Chilcotin, and the Okanagan. Forestry drew workers to the lush temperate rainforests of the coast, which was also the locus of a growing fishery.
The completion of the railway in 1885 was a huge boost to the province's economy, facilitating the transportation of the region's considerable resources to the east. The milltown of Granville, known as Gastown, near the mouth of the Burrard Inlet was selected as the terminus of the railway, prompting the incorporation of the City as Vancouver in 1886. The completion of the Port of Vancouver spurred rapid growth, and in less than fifty years the city surpassed Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the largest in Western Canada. The early decades of the province were ones in which issues of land use—specifically, its settlement and development—were paramount. This included expropriation from First Nations people of their land, control over its resources, as well as the ability to trade in some resources (such as the fishery).
Establishing a labour force to develop the province was problematic from the start, and British Columbia was the locus of immigration from Europe, China, and Japan. The influx of a non-Caucasian population stimulated resentment from the dominant ethnic groups, resulting in agitation (much of it successful) to restrict the ability of Asian people to immigrate to British Columbia through the imposition of a head tax. This resentment culminated in mob attacks against Chinese and Japanese immigrants in Vancouver in 1887 and 1907. By 1923, almost all Chinese immigration had been blocked except for merchants, professionals, students and investors.
Meanwhile, the province continued to grow. In 1914, the last spike of a second transcontinental rail line, the Grand Trunk Pacific, linking north-central British Columbia from the Yellowhead Pass through Prince George to Prince Rupert was driven at Fort Fraser. This opened up the North Coast and the Bulkley Valley region to new economic opportunities. What had previously been an almost exclusively fur trade and subsistence economy soon became a locus for forestry, farming, and mining.
In World War I, the province responded strongly to the call to assist the British Empire against its German foes in French and Belgian battlefields. About 55,570 of the 400,000 British Columbian residents, the highest per-capita rate in Canada, responded to the military needs. Horseriders from the province's Interior region and First Nations soldiers made contributions to Vimy Ridge and other battles. About 6,225 men from the province died in combat.[44]
1920s through 1940s[edit]
When the men returned from World War I, they discovered the recently enfranchised women of the province had helped vote in the prohibition of liquor in an effort to end the social problems associated with the hard-core drinking that Vancouver and the rest of the province was famous for until the war. Because of pressure from veterans, prohibition was quickly relaxed so that the "soldier and the working man" could enjoy a drink, but widespread unemployment among veterans was hardened by many of the available jobs being taken by European immigrants and disgruntled veterans organized a range of "soldier parties" to represent their interests, variously named Soldier-Farmer, Soldier-Labour, and Farmer-Labour Parties. These formed the basis of the fractured labour-political spectrum that would generate a host of fringe leftist and rightist parties, including those who would eventually form the Co-operative Commonwealth and the early Social Credit splinter groups.




Internment camp for the Japanese Canadians during World War II


The advent of prohibition in the United States created new opportunities, and many found employment or at least profit in cross-border liquor smuggling. Much of Vancouver's prosperity and opulence in the 1920s results from this "pirate economy", although growth in forestry, fishing and mining continued. The end of US prohibition, combined with the onset of the Great Depression, plunged the province into economic destitution. Compounding the already dire local economic situation, tens of thousands of men from colder parts of Canada swarmed into Vancouver, creating huge hobo jungles around False Creek and the Burrard Inlet rail yards, including the old Canadian Pacific Railway mainline right-of-way through the heart of the city's downtown (at Hastings and Carrall). Increasingly desperate times led to intense political organizing efforts, an occupation of the main Post Office at Granville and Hastings which was violently put down by the police and an effective imposition of martial law on the docks for almost three years. A Vancouver contingent for the On-to-Ottawa Trek was organized and seized a train, which was loaded with thousands of men bound for the capital but was met by a Gatling gun straddling the tracks at Mission; the men were arrested and sent to work camps for the duration of the Depression.[45]
There were some signs of economic life beginning to return to normal towards the end of the 1930s, but it was the onset of World War II which transformed the national economy and ended the hard times of the Depression. Because of the war effort, women entered the workforce as never before.
British Columbia has long taken advantage of its location on the Pacific Ocean to have close relations with East Asia. However, this has often caused friction between cultures which have caused occasional displays of animosity toward Asian immigrants. This was most manifest during the Second World War when many people of Japanese descent were relocated or interned in the Interior of the province.
Coalition and the post-War boom[edit]




The BC Regiment (DCOR), marching in New Westminster, 1940


During World War II the mainstream BC Liberal and BC Conservative Parties of British Columbia united in a formal coalition government under new Liberal leader John Hart, who replaced Duff Pattullo when the latter failed to win a majority in the 1941 election. While the Liberals won the most number of seats, they actually received fewer votes than the socialist Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF). Pattullo was unwilling to form a coalition with the rival Conservatives led by Royal Maitland and was replaced by Hart, who formed a coalition cabinet made up of five Liberal and three Conservative ministers.[46] The CCF was invited to join the coalition but refused.[46]
The pretext for continuing the coalition after the end of World War II was to prevent the CCF, which had won a surprise victory in Saskatchewan in 1944, from ever coming to power in British Columbia. The CCF's popular vote was high enough in the 1945 election that they were likely to have won three-way contests and could have formed government. However, the coalition prevented that by uniting the anti-socialist vote.[46] In the post-war environment the government initiated a series of infrastructure projects, notably the completion of Highway 97 north of Prince George to the Peace River Block, a section called the John Hart Highway and also public hospital insurance.
In 1947 the reins of the Coalition were taken over by Byron Ingemar Johnson. The Conservatives had wanted their new leader Herbert Anscomb to be premier, but the Liberals in the Coalition refused. Johnson led the coalition to the highest percentage of the popular vote in British Columbia history (61%) in the 1949 election. This victory was attributable to the popularity of his government's spending programmes, despite rising criticism of corruption and abuse of power. During his tenure, major infrastructures continued to expand, such as the agreement with Alcan Aluminum to build the town of Kitimat with an aluminum smelter and the large Kemano Hydro Project.[47] Johnson achieved popularity for flood relief efforts during the 1948 flooding of the Fraser Valley, which was a major blow to that region and to the province's economy.
Increasing tension between the Liberal and Conservative coalition partners led the Liberal Party executive to vote to instruct Johnson to terminate the arrangement. Johnson ended the coalition and dropped his Conservative cabinet ministers, including Deputy Premier and Finance Minister Herbert Anscomb, precipitating the general election of 1952.[46] A referendum on electoral reform prior to this election had instigated an elimination ballot (similar to a preferential ballot), where voters could select second and third choices. The intent of the ballot, as campaigned for by Liberals and Conservatives, was that their supporters would list the rival party in lieu of the CCF, but this plan backfired when a large group of voters from all major parties, including the CCF, voted for the fringe British Columbia Social Credit Party (Socreds), who wound up with the largest number of seats in the House (19), only one seat ahead of the CCF, despite the CCF having 34.3% of the vote to Social Credit's 30.18%.
The Social Credit Party, led by rebel former Conservative MLA W. A. C. Bennett, formed a minority government backed by the Liberals and Conservatives (with 6 and 4 seats respectively). Bennett began a series of fiscal reforms, preaching a new variety of populism as well as waxing eloquent on progress and development, laying the ground for a second election in 1953 in which the new Bennett regime secured a majority of seats, with 38% of the vote. Secure with that majority, Bennett returned the province to the first-past-the-post system thereafter, which is still in use today.
1952–1960s[edit]
With the election of the Social Credit Party, British Columbia embarked on a phase of rapid economic development. Bennett and his party governed the province for the next twenty years, during which time the government initiated an ambitious programme of infrastructure development, fuelled by a sustained economic boom in the forestry, mining, and energy sectors.
During these two decades, the government nationalized British Columbia Electric and the British Columbia Power Company, as well as smaller electric companies, renaming the entity BC Hydro. West Kootenay Power and Light remained independent of BC Hydro, being owned and operated by Cominco, though tied into the regional power grid. By the end of the 1960s, several major dams had been begun or completed in—among others—the Peace, Columbia, and Nechako River watersheds (the Nechako Diversion to Kemano, was to supply power to the Alcan Inc. aluminum smelter at Kitimat, and was not part of the provincial power grid but privately owned). Major transmission deals were concluded, most notably the Columbia River Treaty between Canada and the United States. The province's economy was also boosted by unprecedented growth in the forest sector, as well as oil and gas development in the province's northeast.
The 1950s and 1960s were also marked by development in the province's transportation infrastructure. In 1960, the government established BC Ferries as a crown corporation, to provide a marine extension of the provincial highway system, also supported by federal grants as being part of the Trans-Canada Highway system. That system was improved and expanded through the construction of new highways and bridges, and paving of existing highways and provincial roads.
Vancouver and Victoria became cultural centres as poets, authors, artists, musicians, as well as dancers, actors, and haute cuisine chefs flocked to the beautiful scenery and warmer temperatures, with the cultural and entrepreneurial community notably bolstered by many Draft dodgers from the United States. Similarly, these cities have either attracted or given rise to their own noteworthy academics, commentators, and creative thinkers.[citation needed] Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy. The rise of Japan and other Pacific economies was a great boost to British Columbia's economy, primarily because of massive exports of lumber products and unprocessed coal and trees.
Politically and socially, the 1960s brought a period of significant social ferment. The divide between the political left and right, which had prevailed in the province since the Depression and the rise of the labour movement, sharpened as so-called free enterprise parties coalesced into the de facto coalition represented by Social Credit—in opposition to the social democratic New Democratic Party, the successor to the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. As the province's economy blossomed, so did labour-management tensions. Tensions emerged, also, from the counterculture movement of the late 1960s, of which Vancouver and Nanaimo were centres. The conflict between hippies and Vancouver mayor Tom Campbell was particularly legendary, culminating in the so-called Gastown Riots of 1971. By the end of the decade, with social tensions and dissatisfaction with the status quo rising, the Bennett government's achievements could not stave off its growing unpopularity.
1970s and 1980s[edit]
On August 27, 1969, the Social Credit Party was re-elected in a general election for what would be Bennett's final term in power. At the start of the 1970s, the economy was quite strong because of rising coal prices and an increase in annual allowable cuts in the forestry sector. However, BC Hydro reported its first loss, which was the beginning of the end for Bennett and the Social Credit Party.[48]
The Socreds were forced from power in the August 1972 election, paving the way for a provincial New Democratic Party (NDP) government under Dave Barrett. Under Barrett, the large provincial surplus soon became a deficit,[citation needed] although changes to the accounting system makes it likely that some of the deficit was carried over from the previous Social Credit regime and its "two sets of books", as WAC Bennett had once referred to his system of fiscal management. The brief three-year ("Thousand Days") period of NDP governance brought several lasting changes to the province, most notably the creation of the Agricultural Land Reserve, intended to protect farmland from redevelopment, and the Insurance Corporation of British Columbia, a crown corporation charged with a monopoly on providing single-payer basic automobile insurance.
Perceptions that the government had instituted reforms either too swiftly or that were too far-reaching, coupled with growing labour disruptions led to the ouster of the NDP in the 1975 general election. Social Credit, under W.A.C. Bennett's son, Bill Bennett, was returned to office. Under the younger Bennett's government, 85% of the province's land base was transferred from Government Reserve to management by the Ministry of Forests, reporting of deputy ministers was centralized to the Premier's Office, and NDP-instigated social programs were rolled back, with then-Human Resources Minister infamously demonstrating a golden shovel to highlight his welfare policy, although the new-era Socreds also reinforced and backed certain others instigated by the NDP—notably the creation of the Resort Municipality of Whistler, whose special status including Sunday drinking, then an anomaly in BC.
Also during the "MiniWac" regime (a reference to his father's acronym, WAC) certain money-losing Crown-owned assets were "privatized" in a mass giveaway of shares in the British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation, "BCRIC", with the "Brick shares" soon becoming near-worthless. Towards the end of his tenure in power, Bennett oversaw the completion of several megaprojects meant to stimulate the economy and win votes – unlike most right-wing parties, British Columbia's Social Credit actively practised government stimulation of the economy. Most notable of these was the winning of a world's fair for Vancouver, which came in the form of Expo 86, to which was tied the construction of the Coquihalla Highway and Vancouver's SkyTrain system. The Coquihalla Highway project became the subject of a scandal after revelations that the premier's brother bought large tracts of land needed for the project before it was announced to the public, and also because of graft investigations of the huge cost overruns on the project. Both investigations were derailed in the media by a still further scandal, the Doman Scandal, in which the Premier and millionaire backer Herb Doman were investigated for insider-trading and securities fraud. Nonetheless, the Socreds were re-elected in 1979 under Bennett, who led the party until 1986.




The Coquihalla Highway. The road was one of the legacies of the Expo 86 World's fair. The creation of the toll highway sparked controversy.


As the province entered a sustained recession, Bennett's popularity and media image were in decline. On April 1, 1983, Premier Bennett overstayed his constitutional limits of power by exceeding the legal tenure of a government, and the Lieutenant-Governor, Henry Pybus Bell-Irving, was forced to call Bennett to Government House to resolve the impasse, and an election was called for April 30, while in the meantime government cheques were covered by special emergency warrants as the Executive Council no longer had signing authority because of the constitutional crisis. Campaigning on a platform of moderation, Bennett won an unexpected majority.
After several weeks of silence in the aftermath, a sitting of the House was finally called and in the speech from the Throne the Socreds instituted a programme of fiscal cutbacks dubbed "restraint", which had been a buzzword for moderation during the campaign. The programme included cuts to "motherhood" issues of the left, including the human rights branch, the offices of the Ombudsman and Rentalsman, women's programs, environmental and cultural programs, while still supplying mass capital infusions to corporate British Columbia. This sparked a backlash, with tens of thousands of people in the streets the next day after the budget speech, and through the course of a summer repeated large demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
This became known as the 1983 Solidarity Crisis, from the name of the Solidarity Coalition, a huge grassroots opposition movement mobilized, consisting of organized labour and community groups, with the British Columbia Federation of Labour forming a separate organization of unions, Operation Solidarity, under the direction of Jack Munro, then-President of the International Woodworkers of America (IWA), the most powerful of the province's resource unions. Tens of thousands participated in protests and many felt that a general strike would be the inevitable result unless the government backed down from its policies they had claimed were only about restraint and not about recrimination against the NDP and the left. Just as a strike at Pacific Press ended, which had crippled the political management of the public agenda by the publishers of the province's major papers, the movement collapsed after an apparent deal was struck by union leader and IWA president, Jack Munro and Premier Bennett.[49]
A tense winter of blockades at various job sites around the province ensued, as among the new laws were those enabling non-union labour to work on large projects and other sensitive labour issues, with companies from Alberta and other provinces brought in to compete with union-scale British Columbia companies. Despite the tension, Bennett's last few years in power were relatively peaceful as economic and political momentum grew on the megaprojects associated with Expo, and Bennett was to end his career by hosting Prince Charles and Lady Diana on their visit to open Expo 86. His retirement being announced, a Social Credit convention was scheduled for the Whistler Resort, which came down to a three-way shooting match between Bud Smith, the Premier's right-hand man but an unelected official, Social Credit party grande dame Grace McCarthy, and the charismatic but eccentric Bill Vander Zalm.
Bill Vander Zalm became the new Socred leader when Smith threw his support to him rather than see McCarthy win, and led the party to victory in the election later that year. Vander Zalm was later involved in a conflict of interest scandal following the sale of Fantasy Gardens, a Christian and Dutch culture theme park built by the Premier, to Tan Yu, a Filipino Chinese gambling kingpin. There were also concerns over Yu's application to the government for a bank licence, and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the "Howard Hughes Suite" on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn, where Tan Yu had been staying, with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the goings-on. These scandals forced Vander Zalm's resignation, and Rita Johnston became premier of the province. Johnston presided over the end of Social Credit power, calling an election which led to the reducing of the party's caucus to only two seats, and the revival of the long-defunct British Columbia Liberal Party as Opposition to the victorious NDP under former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt.
In 1988, David Lam was appointed as British Columbia’s twenty-fifth Lieutenant-Governor, and was the Province's first Lieutenant-Governor of Chinese origin.
1990s to present[edit]





This article needs to be updated. Please update this section to reflect recent events or newly available information. (August 2012)


Johnston lost the 1991 general election to the NDP, under the leadership of Mike Harcourt, a former mayor of Vancouver. The NDP's unprecedented creation of new parkland and protected areas was popular and helped boost the province's growing tourism sector. However, the economy continued to struggle against the backdrop of a weak resource economy. Housing starts and an expanded service sector saw growth overall through the decade, despite political turmoil. Harcourt ended up resigning over "Bingogate"—a political scandal involving the funnelling of charity bingo receipts into party coffers in certain ridings. Harcourt was not implicated, but he resigned nonetheless in respect of constitutional conventions calling for leaders under suspicion to step aside. Glen Clark, a former president of the BC Federation of Labour, was chosen the new leader of the NDP, which won a second term in 1996. More scandals dogged the party, most notably the Fast Ferry Scandal involving the province trying to develop the shipbuilding industry in British Columbia. An allegation (never substantiated) that the Premier had received a favour in return for granting a gaming licence led to Clark's resignation as Premier. He was succeeded on an interim basis by Dan Miller who was in turn followed by Ujjal Dosanjh following a leadership convention.
In the 2001 general election Gordon Campbell's BC Liberals defeated the NDP, gaining 77 out of 79 total seats in the provincial legislature. Campbell instituted various reforms and removed some of the NDP's policies including scrapping the "fast ferries" project, lowering income taxes, and the controversial sale of BC Rail to CN Rail. Campbell was also the subject of criticism after he was arrested for driving under the influence during a vacation in Hawaii. However, Campbell still managed to lead his party to victory in the 2005 general election, against a substantially strengthened NDP opposition. Campbell won a third term in the British Columbia general election, 2009, marking the first time in 23 years that a premier has been elected to a third term.
The province won a bid to host the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver and Whistler. As promised in his 2002 re-election campaign, Vancouver Mayor Larry Campbell staged a non-binding civic referendum regarding the hosting of the Olympics. In February 2003, Vancouver's residents voted in a referendum accepting the responsibilities of the host city should it win its bid. Sixty-four percent of residents voted in favour of hosting the games.[50]
After the Olympic joy had faded, Campbell's popularity started to fall. His management style, the implementation of the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) against election promises and the cancelling of the BC Rail corruption trial lead to low approval ratings and loss of caucus support. He would resign in November 2010 and call on the party to elect a new leader.[51]
In early 2011, Christy Clark, former Deputy Premier, would become leader of the Liberal Party. Though she was not currently a sitting MLA, she would go on to win the seat left vacant by Campbell and form a government. For the next two years she would attempt to distance herself from the unpopularity of Campbell and forge an image for the upcoming election. Among her early accomplishments she raised the minimum wage, created the new holiday of Family Day and pushed the development of BC's liquified natural gas. In the 2013 election, the Liberals lagged behind the NDP with a double-digit gap in the polls, but were able to come to a surprise victory on election night with a majority, making Clark the first elected female premier in BC history.[52] While Clark lost her seat to NDP candidate David Eby, she later won a by-election in the riding of Westside-Kelowna. Her government would go on to balance the budget, implement changes to liquor laws and continue with the question of the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines.
Then, in the 2017 election, the NDP would form a minority government with the support from the Green Party, with just a slight edge over the Liberal Party, 44-43 in the legislature. Then, on July 18th, the leader of the BC NDP, John Horgan, would officially be sworn in as premier of British Columbia, with BC Green Party leader Andrew Weaver by his side.
British Columbia has also been significantly affected by demographic changes within Canada and around the world. Vancouver (and to a lesser extent some other parts of British Columbia) was a major destination for many of the immigrants from Hong Kong who left the former UK colony (either temporarily or permanently) in the years immediately prior to its handover to the People's Republic of China. British Columbia has also been a significant destination for internal Canadian migrants. This has been the case throughout recent decades, because of its image of natural beauty, mild climate and relaxed lifestyle, but is particularly true during periods of economic growth. As a result, British Columbia has moved from approximately 10% of Canada's population in 1971 to approximately 13% in 2006. Trends of urbanization mean that the Greater Vancouver area now includes 51% of the Province's population, followed in second place by Greater Victoria with 8%. These two metropolitan regions have traditionally dominated the demographics of BC.
The net number of people coming to BC from other provinces has grown almost four times larger since 2012. BC was the largest net recipient of interprovincial migrants in Canada in the first quarter of 2016 with half of the 5,000 people coming from Alberta.[53]
Demographics[edit]





This section needs to be updated. In particular: Missing 2016 census data. Please update this article to reflect recent events or newly available information. (March 2017)


Main article: Demographics of British Columbia
See also: List of cities in Canada § British Columbia, List of communities in British Columbia, and List of municipalities in British Columbia


Year
Population
Five year
% change
Ten year
% change
Rank among
provinces


1851
55,000
n/a
n/a
6


1861
51,524
n/a
−6.3
6


1871
36,247
n/a
−35.3
7


1881
49,459
n/a
36.4
8


1891
98,173
n/a
98.5
8


1901
178,657
n/a
82.0
0


1911
392,480
n/a
119.7
6


1921
524,582
n/a
33.7
6


1931
694,263
n/a
32.3
6


1941
817,861
n/a
17.8
4


1951
1,165,210
n/a
42.5
3


1956
1,398,464
20.0
n/a
3


1961
1,629,082
16.5
39.8
3


1966
1,873,674
15.0
34.0
3


1971
2,184,620
16.6
34.1
3


1976
2,466,610
12.9
31.6
3


1981
2,744,467
11.3
25.6
3


1986
2,883,370
5.1
16.9
3


1991
3,282,061
13.8
19.6
3


1996
3,724,500
13.5
29.2
3


2001
3,907,738
4.9
19.1
3


2006
4,113,487
5.3
10.4
3


2011
4,400,057
6.9
12.6
3


2016
4,648,055


3


[54][55]

Religious groups in BC (1991 & 2001) & Canada (2001)


1991 BC %
2001 BC %
2001 Canada %
BC 2001 number



Total population
100%
100%
100%
3,868,875



No religious affiliation
30.0%
35.1%
16.5%
1,388,300
includes agnostic, atheist, humanist, and no religion, and other responses, such as Darwinism, and so on


Protestant
41.9%
31.4%
29.2%
1,213,295



Catholic
18.3%
17.2%
43.6%
675,320
includes Roman Catholic, Eastern Catholic


Eastern Orthodox
0.7%
0.9%
1.6%
35,655
includes Greek Orthodox, Russian Orthodox


Christian n. i. e.
2.7%
5.2%
2.6%
200,345
Includes mostly answers of "Christian", not identified elsewhere


Sikh
2.3%
3.5%
0.9%
135,310



Buddhist
1.1%
2.2%
1%
85,540



Muslim
0.8%
1.5%
2%
56,220



Hindu
0.6%
0.8%
1%
31,500



Jewish
0.5%
0.5%
1.1%
21,230



Eastern religions

0.3%
0.1%
9,970
includes Baha'i, Eckankar, Jains, Shinto, Taoist, Zoroastrian and Eastern religions, not identified elsewhere


Other religions

0.4%
0.2%
16,205
includes Aboriginal spirituality, pagan, wicca, unity – new thought – pantheist, Scientology, Rastafarian, new age, gnostic, and so on


[56][57]
The largest denominations by number of adherents according to the 2001 census were none (atheist, agnostic, and so on.) with 1,388,300 (35.9%); Protestant with 1,213,295 (31.4%); the Roman Catholic Church with 675,320 (17%); the United Church of Canada with 361,840 (9%); and the Anglican Church of Canada with 298,375 (8%).[58]
Ethnic groups and languages[edit]
The following statistics represent both single (for example, "German") and multiple (for example, "Chinese-Canadian") responses to the 2006 Census, and thus do not add up to 100%. All items are self-identified.[59]


Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


English
1,207,245
29.6%


Scottish
828,145
20.3%


Canadian
720,200
17.7%


Irish
618,120
15.2%


German
561,570
13.8%


Chinese
432,435
10.6%


French
361,215
8.9%


East Indian
232,370
5.7%


Ukrainian
197,265
4.8%


Dutch (Netherlands)
196,420
4.8%


North American Indian
193,060
4.7%


Italian
143,155
3.5%


Norwegian
129,420
3.2%


Polish
128,360
3.2%


Russian
114,105
2.8%


Welsh
104,275
2.6%


Swedish
104,025
2.6%


Filipino
94,255
2.3%


British
74,145
1.8%


American (US)
66,765
1.6%




Ethnic origin
Population
Percent


Métis
62,570
1.5%


Danish
56,125
1.4%


Spanish
52,640
1.3%


Korean
51,860
1.3%


Hungarian
49,870
1.2%


Austrian
46,620
1.1%


Japanese
41,585
1.0%


Portuguese
34,660
0.9%


Vietnamese
30,835
0.8%


Jewish
30,830
0.8%


Finnish
29,875
0.7%


Iranian
29,265
0.7%


Swiss
28,240
0.7%


Romanian
25,670
0.6%


Icelandic
22,110
0.5%


Greek
21,770
0.5%


Czech
21,150
0.5%


Croatian
18,815
0.5%


Punjabi
18,525
0.5%


Belgian
17,510
0.4%



Though just 1.8% refer to their origins as being "British", a majority (57.3%) of the population of British Columbia claim their ethnic origin as being from one of the three main British nations (England, Scotland or Wales). Migration was primarily from Scotland, Wales and Northern England, especially North East England – out of the 54 of Metro Vancouver's 100 most common names that are British in origin, 29 are of Scottish or Northern English origin, 9 are Welsh, and only four are native to England's south.[60][61] Another 15.2% refer to their ethnicity as "Irish", though not distinguishing between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Of the provinces, British Columbia had the highest proportion of visible minorities, representing 24.8% of its population.[62] Asians at 20.2% of the total population, are by far the largest visible minority demographic, with many of the Lower Mainland's large cities having sizeable Chinese, South Asian, Japanese, Filipino, and Korean communities.
Also present in large numbers relative to other regions of Canada (except Toronto), and ever since the province was first settled (unlike Toronto), are many European ethnicities of the first and second generation, notably Germans, Scandinavians, Yugoslavs and Italians. Third-generation Europeans are generally of mixed lineage, and traditionally intermarried with other European-derived[citation needed] ethnic groups more than in any other Canadian province. First-generation Britons remain a strong component of local society despite limitations on immigration from Britain since the ending of special status for British subjects in the 1960s.
Of the 4,113,847 population counted by the 2006 census, 4,074,385 people completed the section about language. Of these 4,022,045 gave singular responses to the question regarding mother tongue. The languages most commonly reported were the following:


Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


English
2,875,770
71.5%


Chinese
342,920
8.5%


Punjabi
158,750
4.0%


German
86,690
2.2%


French
54,745
1.4%


Tagalog (Filipino)
50,425
1.3%


Korean
46,500
1.2%


Spanish
34,075
0.9%


Persian
28,150
0.7%


Italian
27,020
0.7%


Dutch
26,355
0.7%


Vietnamese
24,560
0.7%


Hindi
23,240
0.6%


Japanese
20,040
0.5%


Russian
19,320
0.5%


Polish
17,565
0.4%


Portuguese
14,385
0.4%


Ukrainian
12,285
0.3%


Hungarian
10,670
0.3%


Croatian
8,505
0.2%




Language
Number of
native speakers
Percentage of
singular responses


Arabic
8,440
0.2%


Urdu
7,025
0.2%


Danish
6,720
0.2%


Greek
6,620
0.2%


Gujarati
6,565
0.2%


Romanian
6,335
0.2%


Serbian
6,180
0.2%


Czech
6,000
0.1%


Finnish
4,770
0.1%


Athabaskan languages
3,500
0.1%


Slovak
3,490
0.1%


Norwegian
3,275
0.1%


Tamil
3,200
0.1%


Salish languages
3,190
0.1%


Ilocano
3,100
0.1%


Malay
3,100
0.1%


Bisayan languages
3,035
0.1%


Swedish
2,875
0.1%


Turkish
2,255
0.1%


Tsimshianic languages
2,125
0.1%



Numerous other languages were also counted, but only languages with more than 2,000 native speakers are shown.
Figures shown are for the number of single language responses and the percentage of total single-language responses.[63]
Cities[edit]




Vancouver Skyline


See also: List of cities in British Columbia, List of metropolitan areas in British Columbia, List of municipalities in British Columbia, and List of regional districts of British Columbia
Half of all British Columbians live in the Metro Vancouver area, which includes Vancouver, Surrey, New Westminster, West Vancouver, North Vancouver (city), North Vancouver (district municipality), Burnaby, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley (city), Langley (district municipality), Delta, Pitt Meadows, White Rock, Richmond, Port Moody, Anmore, Belcarra, Lions Bay and Bowen Island, with adjacent unincorporated areas (including the University Endowment Lands) represented in the regional district as the electoral area known as Greater Vancouver Electoral Area A. Seventeen Indian reserves are located in the metropolitan area but are outside the jurisdiction of the regional district and not represented in its government.
The second largest concentration of British Columbia population is located at the southern tip of Vancouver Island, which is made up of the 13 municipalities of Greater Victoria, Victoria, Saanich, Esquimalt, Oak Bay, View Royal, Highlands, Colwood, Langford, Central Saanich/Saanichton, North Saanich, Sidney, Metchosin, Sooke, which are part of the Capital Regional District. The metropolitan area also includes several Indian reserves (the governments of which are not part of the regional district). Almost half of the Vancouver Island population is located in Greater Victoria.






Ten largest metropolitan areas by population[64][65]

Community (includes metro areas)
2011
2006


Vancouver
2,313,328
2,116,581


Victoria
344,615
330,088


Kelowna
179,839
162,276


Abbotsford
170,191
159,020


Kamloops
98,754
92,882


Nanaimo
98,021
92,361


Chilliwack
92,308
82,465


Prince George
84,232
83,225


Vernon
58,584
55,418


Courtenay
55,213
49,214





Ten largest municipalities by population

Municipality
2011
2006


Vancouver
603,502
578,041


Surrey (Metro Vancouver)
468,251
394,976


Burnaby (Metro Vancouver)
223,218
202,799


Richmond (Metro Vancouver)
190,473
174,461


Abbotsford
133,497
124,258


Coquitlam (Metro Vancouver)
126,456
114,565


Kelowna
117,312
107,035


Saanich (Greater Victoria)
109,752
108,265


Langley Township (Metro Vancouver)
104,177
93,726


Delta (Metro Vancouver)
99,863
96,635









Canada 2006 Census
Population
 % of total population


White
2,869,455
7001704000000000000♠70.4%


Visible minority group
Source:[66]
Chinese
407,225
7001100000000000000♠10%


South Asian
262,290
7000640000000000000♠6.4%


Black
28,315
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Filipino
88,075
7000220000000000000♠2.2%


Latin American
28,965
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Southeast Asian
40,685
7000100000000000000♠1%


Arab
8,635
6999200000000000000♠0.2%


West Asian
29,810
6999700000000000000♠0.7%


Korean
50,490
7000120000000000000♠1.2%


Japanese
35,060
6999900000000000000♠0.9%


Other visible minority
3,880
6999100000000000000♠0.1%


Mixed visible minority
25,420
6999600000000000000♠0.6%


Total visible minority population
1,008,855
7001248000000000000♠24.8%


Aboriginal group
Source:[67]
First Nations
129,575
7000320000000000000♠3.2%


Métis
59,445
7000150000000000000♠1.5%


Inuit
795
5000000000000000000♠0%


Total Aboriginal population
196,070
7000480000000000000♠4.8%


Total population
4,074,380
100%


Economy[edit]




A view of Vancouver's downtown core. Vancouver is the business capital of British Columbia.


British Columbia has a history of being a resource dominated economy, centred on the forestry industry but also with fluctuating importance in mining. Employment in the resource sector has fallen steadily as a percentage of employment, and new jobs are mostly in the construction and retail/service sectors. It now has the highest percentage of service industry jobs in the west, comprising 72% of industry (compared to 60% Western Canadian average).[68] The largest section of this employment is in finance, insurance, real estate and corporate management. Many areas outside of metropolitan areas, however, are still heavily reliant on resource extraction. With its film industry known as Hollywood North, the Vancouver region is the third-largest feature film production location in North America, after Los Angeles and New York City.[69]
The economic history of British Columbia is replete with tales of dramatic upswings and downswings, and this boom and bust pattern has influenced the politics, culture and business climate of the province. Economic activity related to mining in particular has widely fluctuated with changes in commodity prices over time, with documented costs to community health.[70]
British Columbia's GDP is the fourth largest in Canada at C$219.99 billion in 2012. GDP per capita was $45,430.[71] British Columbia's debt was $57 billion in June 2013, or 25.9% of GDP.[72]
Government and politics[edit]
Main articles: Politics of British Columbia and Monarchy in British Columbia




The British Columbia Legislature Buildings in Victoria


The Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia, Judith Guichon, is the Queen of Canada's representative in the Province of British Columbia. During the absence of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Governor General in Council may appoint an administrator to execute the duties of the office. In practice, this is usually the Chief Justice of British Columbia.[73]
British Columbia has an 87-member elected Legislative Assembly, elected by the plurality voting system, though in recent years there has been significant debate about switching to a single transferable vote system. The government of the day appoints ministers for various portfolios, what are officially part of the Executive Council of British Columbia (cabinet), of whom the premier is chair.
The province is currently governed by the British Columbia New Democratic Party (BC NDP) under Premier-designate John Horgan. The 2017 provincial election saw the Liberal Party take 43 seats, the NDP take 41, and the British Columbia Green Party take 3. No party met the minimum of 44 seats for a majority, therefore leading to the first minority government since 1953. Following the election, the Greens entered into negotiations with both the Liberals and NDP, eventually announcing that they would support the current NDP minority. Previously, the right-of-centre British Columbia Liberal Party governed the province for sixteen years between 2001 and 2017, and won the largest landslide election in British Columbia history in 2001, with 77 of 79 seats. The legislature became more evenly divided, however, between the Liberals and NDP following the 2005 (46 Liberal seats of 79) and 2009 (49 Liberal seats of 85) provincial elections. The NDP and its predecessor the CCF have been the main opposition force to right-wing parties since the 1930s and have ruled with majority governments in 1972–1975 and 1991–2001. The Green Party plays a larger role in the politics of British Columbia than Green parties do in most other jurisdictions in Canada. After a breakthrough election in 2001 (12.39%), the party's vote share declined (2005 – 9.17%, 2009 – 8.09%, 2013 - 8.13%) before increasing again to a record high of 16.84% at the 2017 election.
The British Columbia Liberal Party is not related to the federal Liberal Party and does not share the same ideology. Instead, the BC Liberal party is a rather diverse coalition, made up of the remnants of the Social Credit Party, many federal Liberals, federal Conservatives, and those who would otherwise support right-of-centre or free enterprise parties. Historically, there have commonly been third parties present in the legislature (including the Liberals themselves from 1952 to 1975); the BC Green Party are the current third party in British Columbia, with three seats in the legislature.
Prior to the rise of the Liberal Party, British Columbia's main political party was the British Columbia Social Credit Party which ruled British Columbia for 20 continuous years. While sharing some ideology with the current Liberal government, they were more right-wing although undertook nationalization of various important monopolies, notably BC Hydro and BC Ferries.




The meeting chamber of the provincial legislative assembly


British Columbia is known for having politically active labour unions who have traditionally supported the NDP or its predecessor, the CCF.
British Columbia's political history is typified by scandal and a cast of colourful characters, beginning with various colonial-era land scandals and abuses of power by early officials (such as those that led to McGowan's War in 1858–59). Notable scandals in Social Credit years included the Robert Bonner Affair and the Fantasy Gardens scandal which forced Premier Bill Vander Zalm to resign and ended the Social Credit era. NDP scandals included Bingogate, which brought down NDP Premier Mike Harcourt, and the alleged scandal named Casinogate which drove NDP Premier Glen Clark to resign. A variety of scandals plagued the 2001-2017 Liberal government, including Premier Gordon Campbell's arrest for drunk driving in Maui and the resignation of various cabinet ministers because of conflict-of-interest allegations. A Christmas Eve[which?] raid on the Parliament Buildings in Victoria, including the Premier's Office, has resulted in charges only for ministerial aides, although key cabinet members from the time have since resigned. The case, currently in preliminary hearings in the courts and relating to the sale of BC Rail to CN Rail, may not reach trial because of the mass of evidence and various procedural problems.[citation needed] Campbell eventually resigned in late 2010 due to opposition to his government's plan to introduce a Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) and was replaced by Christy Clark as Premier in a 2011 BC Liberal leadership election.
British Columbia is underrepresented in the Senate of Canada, leading Premier Christy Clark to refuse to cooperate with the federal government's new reforms for senate appointments to be made based on the recommendations of a new advisory board that would use non-partisan criteria. Hours after that plan was unveiled in Ottawa on December 3, 2015, Clark issued a statement that it did "not address what’s been wrong with the Senate since the beginning".[74]
The imbalance in representation in that House is apparent when considering population size. The six senators from BC constitute only one for every 775,000 people vs. one for every 75,000 in P.E.I. which has four senators. Nova Scotia and New Brunswick have much smaller populations than BC, yet each has ten Senators according to a Global News summary.[75] Correcting this imbalance would require a constitutional amendment, but that is unlikely to be supported by the Atlantic Provinces.[75]
Official symbols[edit]




The flower of the Pacific dogwood is often associated with British Columbia.


The government of British Columbia has designated several official symbols:[76]

Flag: Flag of British Columbia
Coat of arms: Coat of arms of British Columbia
Floral emblem: Pacific dogwood
Mineral emblem: Jade
Tree emblem: Western red cedar
Bird emblem: Steller's jay
Mammal emblem: "Spirit" or Kermode bear
Fish emblem: Pacific salmon
Tartan emblem: British Columbia Tartan

The flag of British Columbia is not protected and is in the public domain.[77] However, the coat of arms of British Columbia is protected by law; no one may "without the permission of the minister, assume, display or use the Coat of Arms of British Columbia or a design so closely resembling it as to be likely to deceive."[76]
Civil rights[edit]
British Columbia was the second Canadian jurisdiction (after Ontario) to legalize same-sex marriage.[78]
Social issues[edit]
Housing affordability[edit]
Housing affordability is of concern to British Columbians.[79]
Fentanyl crisis[edit]
In April 2016 the government of British Columbia declared a public health emergency due to overdoses on the illicit opioid Fentanyl. As of November 2016, there had been 755 cases of Fentanyl overdose.[80]
Transportation[edit]
Transportation played a huge role in British Columbia's history. The Rocky Mountains and the ranges west of them constituted a significant obstacle to overland travel until the completion of the transcontinental railway in 1885. The Peace River Canyon through the Rocky Mountains was the route that the earliest explorers and fur traders used. Fur trade routes were only marginally used for access to British Columbia through the mountains. Travel from the rest of Canada before 1885 meant the difficulty of overland travel via the United States, around Cape Horn or overseas from Asia. Nearly all travel and freight to and from the region occurred via the Pacific Ocean, primarily through the ports of Victoria and New Westminster.
Until the 1930s, rail was the only means of overland travel to and from the rest of Canada; travellers using motor vehicles needed to journey through the United States. With the construction of the Inter-Provincial Highway in 1932 (now known as the Crowsnest Pass Highway), and later the Trans-Canada Highway, road transportation evolved into the preferred mode of overland travel to and from the rest of the country.
Roads and highways[edit]
Main article: List of British Columbia provincial highways




Alex Fraser Bridge on Highway 91 in Richmond/Delta


Because of its size and rugged, varying topography, British Columbia requires thousands of kilometres of provincial highways to connect its communities. British Columbia's roads systems were notoriously poorly maintained and dangerous until a concentrated programme of improvement was initiated in the 1950s and 1960s. There are now freeways in Greater Victoria, the Lower Mainland, and Central Interior of the province. Much of the rest of the province, where traffic volumes are generally low, is accessible by well-maintained generally high-mobility two-lane arterial highways with additional passing lanes in mountainous areas and usually only a few stop-controlled intersections outside the main urban areas.
A couple of busy intercity corridors outside Greater Vancouver feature more heavily signalized limited-mobility arterial highways that are mostly four-lane and often divided by portable median traffic barriers. Highway 1 on Vancouver Island and Highway 97 through the Okanagan Valley are medium- to high-volume roadways with variable posted speeds that range from 50 km/h to maximums just slightly lower than the principal grade-separated highways. Numerous traffic lights operate in place of interchanges on both arterials as long-term cost-cutting measures. Signalization along both these highways is heaviest through urban areas and along inter-urban sections where traffic volumes are similar to and sometimes higher than the freeways, but where funding is not available for upgrades to interchanges or construction of high-mobility alternative routes or bypasses. The building and maintenance of provincial highways is the responsibility of the British Columbia Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure.[81]
There are only five major routes to the rest of Canada. From south to north they are: BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass, the Vermilion Pass (Highway 93 in both British Columbia and Alberta), the Kicking Horse Pass, the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park, the Yellowhead Highway (16) through Jasper National Park, and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek. There are also several highway crossings to the adjoining American states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana. The longest highway is Highway 97, running 2,081 km (1,293 mi) from the British Columbia-Washington border at Osoyoos north to Watson Lake, Yukon and which includes the British Columbia portion of the Alaska Highway.
Public transit[edit]
Prior to 1979, surface public transit was administered by BC Hydro, the provincially owned electricity utility. Subsequently, the province established BC Transit to oversee and operate all municipal transportation systems. In 1998, the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority (TransLink) (now South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority), a separate authority for routes within the Greater Vancouver Regional District was established.
Public transit in British Columbia consists mainly of diesel buses, although Vancouver is also serviced by a fleet of trolleybuses. Several experimental buses are being tested such as hybrid buses that have both gasoline and electric engines. Additionally, there are CNG-fueled buses being tested and used in Nanaimo and Kamloops systems.[82] British Columbia also tested a fleet of Hydrogen-fueled buses for the Vancouver-Whistler Winter Olympics in 2010.[83] TransLink operates SkyTrain, an automated metro system serving the cities of Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, North Surrey and Richmond. In 2009, the Canada Line SkyTrain was completed, linking Vancouver International Airport and the city of Richmond to downtown Vancouver bringing the total to three operating metro lines.
A new line to Coquitlam and Port Moody (the Evergreen Line) was completed in December 2016. There is planning for an extension of the Millennium Line through Vancouver City to the University of British Columbia. Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system. In the past, SkyTrain used a proof of payment honour system. In the capital city of Victoria BC Transit and the provincial government's infrastructure ministry are working together to create a bus rapid transit from the Westshore communities to downtown Victoria.[84] In Kamloops there is a rapid transit/ bus GPS trail underway to see how bus rapid transit effects smaller cities, rather than larger (Victoria and Vancouver).
Rail[edit]




CPR train traversing the Stoney Creek Bridge


Rail development expanded greatly in the decades after the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, in 1885, and was the chief mode of long-distance surface transportation until the expansion and improvement of the provincial highways system began in the 1950s. Two major routes through the Yellowhead Pass competed with the Canadian Pacific Railway—the Grand Trunk Pacific, terminating at Prince Rupert, and the Canadian Northern Railway, terminating at Vancouver.
The Pacific Great Eastern line supplemented this service, providing a north–south route between interior resource communities and the coast. The Pacific Great Eastern (later known as British Columbia Railway and now owned by Canadian National Railway) connects Fort St James, Fort Nelson, and Tumbler Ridge with North Vancouver. The E&N Railway, rebranded as Southern Railway of Vancouver Island, serves the commercial and passenger train markets of Vancouver Island by owning the physical rail lines.
Amtrak runs international passenger service between Vancouver and Seattle.
The White Pass and Yukon Route runs between Alaska and the Yukon, via British Columbia.
Water[edit]
BC Ferries was established as a provincial crown corporation in 1960 to provide passenger and vehicle ferry service between Vancouver Island and the Lower Mainland as a cheaper and more reliable alternative to the service operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway. It now operates 25 routes among the islands of British Columbia, as well as between the islands and the mainland. Ferry service to Washington is offered by the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney and Anacortes) and Black Ball Transport (between Victoria and Port Angeles, Washington). Ferry service over inland lakes and rivers is provided by the provincial government.
Commercial ocean transport is of vital importance. Major ports are located at Vancouver, Roberts Bank (near Tsawwassen), Prince Rupert, and Victoria.[85][86] Of these, the Port of Vancouver is the most important, being the largest in Canada and the most diversified in North America.
Vancouver, Victoria, and Prince Rupert are also major ports of call for cruise ships. In 2007, a large maritime container port was opened in Prince Rupert with an inland sorting port located in Prince George.
Air[edit]
Main article: List of airports in British Columbia
There are over 200 airports located throughout British Columbia, the major ones being the Vancouver International Airport, the Victoria International Airport, the Kelowna International Airport, and the Abbotsford International Airport, the first three of which each served over 1,000,000 passengers in 2005. Vancouver International Airport is the 2nd busiest airport in the country and the second biggest International Gateway on the west coast (after Los Angeles) with an estimated 17.9 million travellers passing through in 2008.
Culture[edit]
Outdoor life[edit]




Ice sailing in Whistler


Given its varied mountainous terrain and its coasts, lakes, rivers, and forests, British Columbia has long been enjoyed for pursuits like hiking and camping, rock climbing and mountaineering, hunting and fishing.
Water sports, both motorized and non-motorized, are enjoyed in many places. Sea kayaking opportunities abound on the British Columbia coast with its fjords. Whitewater rafting and kayaking are popular on many inland rivers. Sailing and sailboarding are widely enjoyed.
In winter, cross-country and telemark skiing are much enjoyed, and in recent decades high-quality downhill skiing has been developed in the Coast Mountain range and the Rockies, as well as in the southern areas of the Shuswap Highlands and the Columbia Mountains. Snowboarding has mushroomed in popularity since the early 1990s. The 2010 Winter Olympics downhill events were held in Whistler Blackcomb area of the province, while the indoor events were conducted in the Vancouver area.
In Vancouver and Victoria (as well as some other cities), opportunities for joggers and bicyclists have been developed. Cross-country bike touring has been popular since the ten-speed bike became available many years ago. Since the advent of the more robust mountain bike, trails in more rugged and wild places have been developed for them. A 2016 poll on global biking website Pinkbike rated BC as the top destination mountain bikers would like to ride.[87] Some of the province's retired rail beds have been converted and maintained for hiking, biking, and cross-country skiing. Longboarding is also a popular activity because of the hilly geography of the region.
Horseback riding is enjoyed by many British Columbians. Opportunities for trail riding, often into especially scenic areas, have been established for tourists in numerous areas of the province.
British Columbia also has strong participation levels in many other sports, including golf, tennis, soccer, hockey, Canadian football, rugby union, lacrosse, baseball, softball, basketball, curling and figure skating. British Columbia has produced many outstanding athletes, especially in aquatic and winter sports.
Consistent with both increased tourism and increased participation in diverse recreations by British Columbians has been the proliferation of lodges, chalets, bed and breakfasts, motels, hotels, fishing camps, and park-camping facilities in recent decades.
In certain areas, there are businesses, non-profit societies, or municipal governments dedicated to promoting ecotourism in their region. A number of British Columbia farmers offer visitors to combine tourism with farm work, for example, through the WWOOF Canada program.[88]
Education[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (December 2014)


See also: Higher education in British Columbia
Public universities include:

University of British Columbia
Simon Fraser University
University of Victoria
University of Northern British Columbia
Vancouver Island University
Kwantlen Polytechnic University
Thompson Rivers University
Emily Carr University of Art and Design
Capilano University
University of the Fraser Valley

In September 2014 there were 11,000 international students in BC public K-12 schools and about 3,000 international students in other BC K-12 schools.[89] As of 2006 there were 59 school districts. As of the same year, 44 of them offered French immersion programs. Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique, established in 1995, operates French-language public schools throughout the entire province.[90]
See also[edit]


British Columbia portal



Bibliography of British Columbia
Index of British Columbia-related articles
List of designated places in British Columbia
List of historic places in British Columbia
List of people from British Columbia
List of regions of Canada
Outline of British Columbia


Notes[edit]


^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011censuses". Statistics Canada. February 8, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2012. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ According to the Oxford Guide to Canadian English Usage (ISBN 0-19-541619-8; p. 335), BCer(s) is an informal demonym that is sometimes used for residents of BC
^ Statistics Canada. Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015); November 9, 2016 [Retrieved January 26, 2017].
^ "Pacific Northwest Washington Oregon British Columbia". Celebratebig.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Northwest Hiking Trails: Washington, Oregon, Idaho". Cooltrails.com. Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ Minutes of the Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Volume 90, Issue 1887, 1887, pp. 453-455, Obituary. Major-General Richard Clement Moody, R.E., 1813–1887.
^ a b Donald J. Hauka, McGowan's War, Vancouver: 2003, New Star Books, p.146
^ a b Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto), p.71
^ "Col. Richard Clement Moody -- Postscript". Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ a b Margaret Ormsby, Richard Clement Moody, in Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
^ a b "Heraldic Science Héraldique, Arms and Devices of Provinces and Territories, British Columbia". Retrieved November 3, 2016. 
^ "Population Estimates, British Columbia and Sub-Provincial". BC Stats. December 2012. Retrieved February 12, 2014. 
^ "2014 British Columbia Financial and Economic Review, 74 th Edition April 2013 – March 2014" (PDF). BC Ministry of Finance. July 2014. Retrieved March 11, 2016. 
^ "Canadian climate normals 1981–2010 Vancouver International Airport". Environment Canada. Retrieved October 3, 2015. 
^ Martin, Ged (1978). "The Naming of British Columbia". Albion: A Quarterly Journal Concerned with British Studies. 10 (3): 257–263. JSTOR 4048132. 
^ Akrigg, Helen B. and G.P.V. (1977). British Columbia Chronicle, 1847–1871: Gold & Colonists (illustrated ed.). Discovery Press. 
^ "Why is the Western Region of Canada Called British Columbia?". Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "Vanderhoof". Tourism BC. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010 Station Data". weather.gc.ca. 
^ Heidorn, Keith C. (2002). "North America's Record Cold". The Weather Doctor Almanac. Retrieved July 14, 2012. 
^ "Daily Data Report for July 1941". Climate.weatheroffice.gc.ca. September 21, 2010. Archived from the original on October 28, 2011. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1981–2010". Environment Canada. Retrieved December 19, 2014. 
^ Attenborough, D.1998. The Life of Birds. BBC publication. ISBN 0563-38792-0
^ BC Ministry of Sustainable Resource Management, Conservation Data Centre
^ Coates, K.D.; Haeussler, S.; Lindeburgh, S.; Pojar, R.; Stock, A.J. (1994). Ecology and silviculture of interior spruce in British Columbia. Canada/British Columbia Partnership Agreement For. Resour. Devel. (Report). FRDA. 
^ Turner, Nancy (September 2007). "Importance of biodiversity for First Peoples of British Columbia" (PDF). Biodiversity BC. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ Robert James Muckle (2007). The First Nations of British Columbia: An Anthropological Survey. UBC Press. pp. 18–19. ISBN 978-0-7748-4010-1. 
^ a b c Dawn Elaine Bastian; Judy K. Mitchell (2004). Handbook of Native American Mythology. ABC-CLIO. p. 6. ISBN 978-1-85109-533-9. 
^ a b Bengtson, J.D (2008). "Materials for a Comparative Grammar of the Dene-Caucasian (Sino-Caucasian) Languages – In Aspects of Comparative Linguistics" (PDF). Moscow- RSUH. pp. 45–118. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ a b c "First Nations – People of the Northwest Coast". BC Archives. 1999. Archived from the original on March 14, 2010. Retrieved April 11, 2010. 
^ Boyd, Robert T. "Demographic History, 1774–1874" in Handbook of North American Indians: 7 the Northwest Coast. Smithsonian Institution. 1990.
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009.120
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 120–121
^ Gilmartin, Mary. "Colonialism/ Imperialism" in Key Concepts in Political Geography. Sage Publications. 2009. 121
^ Lange, Greg (January 23, 2003). "Smallpox epidemic ravages Native Americans on the northwest coast of North America in the 1770s". Historylink.org. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "Plagues and Peoples on the Northwest Coast". .h-net.msu.edu. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 13. 
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 19. 
^ a b Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 26. 
^ Moody, Richard Clement. Letter of Colonel Richard Clement Moody, R.E., to Arthur Blackwood, February 1, 1859, preserved in the British Columbia Historical Quarterly (January – April 1951), ed. Willard E. Ireland, Archives of British Columbia. British Columbia Historical Association. pp. 85–107. 
^ Jean Barman, The West Beyond the West: A History of British Columbia, (Toronto: University of Toronto) p.7
^ Scott, Laura Elaine (1983). The Imposition of British Culture as Portrayed in the New Westminster Capital Plan of 1859 to 1862. Simon Fraser University. p. 27. 
^ British Columbia History magazine vol.48 no.2 Summer 2015, Book Review – From the West Coast to the Western Front: British Columbians and the Great War by Greg Dickson and Mark Forsythe
^ Schroeder, Andreas (1992). Carved From Wood; Mission, BC, 1861–1992. The Mission Foundation. ISBN 978-1-55056-131-9. 
^ a b c d Michelmann, Hans; Smith, David; De Clercy, Cristine (2006). Continuity And Change in Canadian Politics: Essays in Honour of David E. Smith. University of Toronto Press. p. 184. 
^ "Boom in the Big Triangle". Popular Mechanics: 102–107/246. June 1952. 
^ Elections BC (1998). "Electoral History of British Columbia 1871–1986" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 14, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Palmer, Bryan (1987). Solidarity: The Rise and Fall of an Opposition in British Columbia. Vancouver: New Star Books. 
^ Wallechinsky, D.; Loucky J. (2010). The Complete Book of the Winter Olympics: 2010 Edition. p. 12. 
^ Staff (November 3, 2010). "BC Premier Campbell stepping down". CBC News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Christy Clark leads BC Liberals to surprise majority". CBC. May 15, 2013. 
^ Tara Carman (August 5, 2016). "Canadians flock to B.C. in search of jobs". Vancouver Sun. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Statistics Canada — Population". Archived from the original on May 19, 2006. 
^ "Canada's population". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on November 4, 2008. Retrieved September 28, 2006. 
^ "Major religious denominations". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Profile of British Columbia". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Religions in Canada". Statistics Canada. Retrieved February 22, 2011. 
^ "2006 Canadian Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "100 most common surnames in a changing Metro Vancouver". Vancouver Sun. Canada.com. November 3, 2007. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Canada's Ethnocultural Mosaic, 2006 Census: Provinces and territories". Statistics Canada. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Detailed Mother Tongue (148), Single and Multiple Language Responses (3) and Sex (3) for the Population of Canada, Provinces, Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations, 2006 Census – 20% Sample Data". Statistics Canada. 2007. 
^ "Population and Dwelling Counts, for Canada, Provinces and Territories, Census Metropolitan Areas and Census Agglomerations". Statistics Canada. 2002. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ Indian reserve populations are not included in these figures
^ "Community Profiles from the 2006 Census, Statistics Canada – Census Subdivision". Statistics Canada. December 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Aboriginal Peoples – Data table". Statistics Canada. October 6, 2010. Retrieved April 13, 2013. 
^ "Economic output in the West" (PDF). State of the West 2010. Canada West Foundation. pp. 103–109. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "Film and TV". Vancouver Economic Development. 2005. Archived from the original on January 1, 2007. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Hard on Health of Mining Communities". University of British Columbia. September 2006. Retrieved April 26, 2007. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory". Statistics Canada. November 10, 2009. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ Bergen, Rachel (June 26, 2013). "BC’s debt clock at $57 billion and growing". CTV News. Retrieved May 22, 2014. 
^ "Search for a Surname". gbnames. Retrieved September 21, 2014. n/const/c1867_e.html#provincial Executive Power in the Provinces] under the Constitutional Act, 1867.
^ Galloway, Gloria (December 3, 2015). "Liberals to set up advisory board for Senate nominees, but BC won't take part". Globe and Mail. Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b Baldrey, Keith (December 3, 2015). "Why Christy Clark is rejecting Justin Trudeau’s reform of the Senate". Global News. Shaw Media Inc. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ a b "Provincial Symbols and Honours Act". Her Majesty the Queen in Right of British Columbia. 1996. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Official Symbols of British Columbia". Government of British Columbia. Archived from the original on February 16, 2014. Retrieved August 8, 2014. 
^ "Same-Sex rights: Canada timeline". CBC News. March 1, 2007. Retrieved January 24, 2010. 
^ Ashifa Kassam in Toronto. "Vancouver slaps 15% tax on foreign house buyers in effort to cool market | World news". The Guardian. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "2016 in Review: Vancouver and B.C.'s fentanyl crisis | Metro Vancouver". Metronews.ca. December 26, 2016. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ BC ministry of transportation and infrastructure (2013). "BC highways". Retrieved October 24, 2013. 
^ "Our Fleet". BC Transit. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "Case Study - BC Transit Fuel Cell Bus Fleet". Chfca.ca. Retrieved April 21, 2017. 
^ "BC Transit - 404 - Page Not Found". bctransit.com. Retrieved May 17, 2017. 
^ "International Shipping in British Columbia". Chamber of Shipping of BC. Archived from the original on July 29, 2013. Retrieved September 21, 2014. 
^ "BC Ports handbook" (PDF). Chamber of Shipping of BC. 
^ "Where would you go, if you could road trip anywhere? - Pinkbike Poll - Pinkbike". Pinkbike. Retrieved March 2, 2017. 
^ "WWOOF — Willing Workers on Organic Farms, Canada". 
^ Sherlock, Tracy. "BC school shutdown has China 'concerned'." Vancouver Sun. September 12, 2014. Retrieved on December 25, 2014.
^ Jacquet, Marianne. "The Discourse on Diversity in British Columbia Public Schools: From Difference to In/Difference" (Chapter 3). In: Gérin-Lajoie, Diane. Educators' Discourses on Student Diversity in Canada: Context, Policy, and Practice. Canadian Scholars’ Press, 2008. ISBN 1551303469, 9781551303468. Start: p. 51. CITED: p. 54.


References[edit]

"British Columbia". BC Geographical Names. 

Further reading[edit]


Akrigg, G. P. V; Akrigg, Helen B (1997). British Columbia place names. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0636-2. 
Barman, Jean (2007). The West beyond the West: a history of British Columbia. Univ. of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-9309-4. 
Dawson, Michael (2005). Selling British Columbia: Tourism and Consumer Culture, 1890–1970. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1055-5. 
Foster, Leslie T (2007). People, politics, and child welfare in British Columbia. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 978-0-7748-1372-3. 
Harris, R Cole (1997). The resettlement of British Columbia : essays on colonialism and geographical change. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0588-9. 
McKee, Christopher (2000). Treaty talks in British Columbia: negotiating a mutually beneficial future. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0824-1. 
McGillivray, Brett (2000). Geography of British Columbia: people and landscapes in transition. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0784-9. 
Muckle, Robert James (1998). The First Nations of British Columbia: an anthropological survey. Univ. of British Columbia Press. ISBN 0-7748-0663-X. 
Thirkell, Fred; Bob Scullion (2002). British Columbia 100 years ago: portraits of a province. Heritage House Pub. ISBN 1-894384-49-0. 
Ver Berkmoes, Ryan; John Lee (2007). Guide to "British Columbia". Lonely Planet. ISBN 978-1-74104-584-0. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to British Columbia.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for British Columbia.





Wikisource has the text of the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article British Columbia.



Government of British Columbia website
Tourism British Columbia official website
BC Facts
Newsroom
BCStats & Infoline Weekly Digest
British Columbia at DMOZ
Provincial Archives including online photo database[permanent dead link]
Vancouver Public Library; Historical Photographs of BC & the Yukon
BC Multicultural Photographs from the Vancouver Public Library – searchable photo database[permanent dead link]
BC Government online map archive

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Yukon
 Yukon
 Northwest Territories



 Alaska,  United States
 Kamchatka Krai and  Sakhalin Oblast,  Russia,  Japan

 Alberta








   British Columbia  











Pacific Ocean
 Hawaii,  United States
 Washington, United States
 Montana,  United States
 Idaho,  United States






Links to related articles











v
t
e


 Subdivisions of British Columbia



Subdivisions



Regions
Regional districts
Forest regions and districts
Ministry of Environment regions
School districts
Land districts
Health regions
Counties (court system)








Communities



Municipalities
Cities
District municipalities
Indian government districts
Island municipalities
Mountain resort municipalities
Regional municipalities
Resort municipalities
Towns
Villages
Ghost towns
Indian reserves





Metro areas and
agglomerations



Abbotsford–Mission
Kelowna
Vancouver
Victoria
Census agglomerations








 Category:British Columbia
 Portal:British Columbia
 WikiProject:British Columbia












v
t
e


Topics on British Columbia



History



Fur trade
Heritage sites (National Historic Sites)








Politics



Political parties
Elections
Government
Lieutenant Governor
Cabinet
Premiers (current)
Legislature
Monarchy
Leader of the Opposition





Geography



Demographics
Mountains
Natural history
Provincial parks
Rivers
Volcanoes





Communities



Census divisions
Regional Districts
Settlements





Economy



Companies
Highways
Airports





Culture



Education
First Nations
Law
Music
Sports
People
Symbols
Flag
Coat of arms
Universities
Tourist attractions








General outline
Category
Portal












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 54°N 125°W﻿ / ﻿54°N 125°W﻿ / 54; -125



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 137121920
LCCN: n79058445
ISNI: 0000 0001 1456 7794
GND: 4069670-4
SUDOC: 028635736
BNF: cb12043099w (data)
NLA: 35022016










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=British_Columbia&oldid=792687821"					
Categories: British Columbia1871 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1871Pacific NorthwestWestern CanadaHidden categories: Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from June 2017Articles containing French-language textArticles containing Latin-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from December 2010Wikipedia articles in need of updating from August 2012All Wikipedia articles in need of updatingWikipedia articles in need of updating from March 2017Articles with unsourced statements from July 2015All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012Articles to be expanded from December 2014All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesArticles with DMOZ linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisourceWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 00:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 




























BC Facts | MLA John Rustad






























































John RustadNechako Lakes


John Rustad, MLA
Menu

About
How Can We help?

Constituency Office Services
Life Events
FAQS


Newsroom

News Releases
Photo Gallery
Video Gallery


Our Community

Community Groups and Services
Forestry, Mining and Business
Local Administration
Education and Health
BC Facts


Contact
 







BC Facts                    







 



BC Facts


BC Flag

British Columbia’s provincial flag 
was officially adopted in 1960. It duplicates the design on the Coat of Arms and Britain’s flag, the Union Jack, represents our colonial ties to the Crown and to England. B.C.’s geographic location between the Pacific Ocean and Rocky Mountains is symbolized by the blue waves and silver bars across the centre of the flag, and also by the setting sun, symbolizing B.C. as Canada’s westernmost province.




Coat of Arms

The Provincial Coat of Arms 
consists of four major parts; each a symbol of British Columbia. The Union Jack and the Provincial Flag both appear on the shield, signifying both our British colonial ties, and our independence. The supporters, the ram and the stag, also represent the former colonies of British Columbia and Vancouver Island. The Royal Crest (the crowned red lion standing on crown) sits atop the Golden Helmet of Sovereignty, which is a symbol of British Columbia’s autonomy, but also of the link to England and the Crown. Lastly, British Columbia’s motto appears at the bottom, entwined with the provincial flower, the Dogwood. Rev. Arthur Beanlands originally designed the Coat of Arms in 1895. King Edward VII first granted the Coat of Arms in 1906, but Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II also granted elements of it on October 15th, 1987.




Provincial Motto

Splendor Sine Occasu
Meaning “Splendour Without Diminishment” in Latin, British Columbia’s provincial motto was designed by Rev. Arthur Beanlands and was first adopted in 1895.




Provincial Flower

The Pacific Dogwood
(Cornus Nuttallii) was adopted as British Columbia’s provincial flower in 1956. Actually a flowering tree, the Pacific Dogwood is known for its white blooms, brilliant red berries and bright foliage in the fall. It stands about eight to ten metres high, and blossoms in April and May.




Provincial Mammal

The Spirit Bear
(also known as the Kermode Bear) was adopted by the province of British Columbia as the provincial mammal in 2006. The Kermode or Spirit Bear is a black bear that has white fur due to a rare genetic trait. The bear is not albino, as it typically has a brown nose and eyes. The greatest concentrations of Spirit Bears are found on the Central Coast and North Coast of British Columbia, but have also been documented in northeast British Columbia.




Provincial Bird

The Steller’s Jay

was adopted by the people of British Columbia as the provincial bird in 1987. It is identified by its vibrant blue and black tones, and is notorious for being exceptionally smart and lively. The Steller’s Jay is quite common to British Columbia, and can be found all over the province.
 




Provincial Gemstone

Jade
was adopted in 1968 as British Columbia’s official gemstone. Known for its brilliant green colour and easy-to-carve capabilities, Jade is sought the world over for fine jewellery and for sculptures. Made mostly of nephrite, jade is mined in several places around British Columbia.




Provincial Tartan	

British Columbia’s provincial tartan
was adopted in 1974. It is represented by five separate and symbolic colours; blue for the ocean, white for the dogwood, green for forests, red for the maple leaf and gold for the crown and sun on the flag and on the Coat of Arms.




Provincial Tree

The Western Red Cedar
(Thuja Plicata Donn) became British Columbia’s provincial tree in 1988. The Red Cedar is a cone-bearing tree, and can be identified by its stringy bark, strong aroma and twigs spread out in a fan-like fashion. Traditionally, the tree was widely used by the West Coast Aboriginal people, but today it also has become a significant resource to British Columbia’s forest industry.








BC Government Caucus
Top


 

© 2014 BC Liberal Government Caucus. All Rights Reserved.
DUXA





 




7ads6x98y 

Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
