 


Provident Trust Strategy Fund | Provident Trust




























Provident Mutual Funds, Inc.






Provident Trust Company
Mutual Fund







PROVX: Provident Trust Strategy Fund

Overview
The Provident Trust Strategy Fund (PROVX) is a concentrated, multi-cap core growth equity fund seeking to exceed the S&P 500 Index over full investment cycles (which in the portfolio manager’s view is typically 5-7 calendar years including both a 30% advance and a 20% decline).
PROVX can flexibly allocate assets between stocks, bonds, and money markets to moderate volatility and selects common stocks of all market capitalizations based on relative forward return potential. Stock selection criteria include improving revenue and earnings growth, increasing margins, significant management stock ownership, and upward valuation potential.
Please refer to the Prospectus for a more detailed explanation of PROVX, the fund management, and an application.



PROVX Returns for the Day Ending 07/27/2017

NAV
Price Change
NAV% change
YTD Performance
Market Value (Millions)



$13.15
$-0.10
-0.75%
13.75%
$130.763





PROVX Annualized Returns for the Month Ending 06/30/2017

1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year



20.36%
9.59%
13.02%
7.01%





PROVX Annualized Returns for the Quarter Ending 06/30/2017

1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year



20.36%
9.59%
13.02%
7.01%



As per the Fund’s Prospectus dated January 31, 2017, the total annual gross operating expenses as a percentage of the value of your investment, which incorporates indirect fees and expenses that the Fund incurs from investing in the shares of other mutual funds otherwise known as Acquired Fund Fee Expenses or AFFE, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 was 1.06%. After fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, the total annual net expense ratio, or what the investor pays, was 1.01%. Provident has contractually agreed to cap the ratio of expenses to average net assets at 1.00% through January 31, 2018. 


General Information

Annual Distribution History
Quarterly Overview
Quarterly Holdings
Monthly Performance
Monthly Proxy Voting
XBRL Risk/Return (links to an external site)

Registration Statement

Summary Prospectus
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

Shareholder Reports

June 30, 2017, Quarterly Report
March 31, 2017, Semiannual Report
December 31, 2016, Quarterly Report
September 30, 2016, Annual Report

Account Applications and Forms

Account Application
Coverdell Educational Savings Account Application
Custodial Account Agreement
IRA Account Application
IRA Transfer Form
IRA Beneficiary Designation Form
IRA/Qualified Plan Distribution Form
Required Minimum Distribution Form
Transfer on Death Designation Form



Provident Mutual Funds, Inc.,
c/o U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC,
PO Box 701, Milwaukee, WI 53201-0701
The Provident Trust Strategy Fund is Distributed by
Quasar Distributors, LLC
(855) 739-9950 info@provtrust.com

Performance data quoted represents past performance; past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance of the fund may be higher or lower than the performance quoted. 
Mutual Fund investing involves risk. Principal loss is possible. The Fund is non-diversified, meaning it may concentrate its assets in fewer individual holdings than a diversified fund. Therefore, the Fund is more exposed to individual stock volatility than a diversified fund. The Fund may invest in smaller and medium sized companies, which involve additional risk such as more limited liquidity and greater volatility. 
The Fund may invest in money market funds. An investment in a money market fund is neither insured nor guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the money market fund seeks to preserve the value of an investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund. 
The Fund is offered only to United States residents and information on this site is intended only for such persons. Nothing on this site should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of the Fund in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. 
You may obtain a hardcopy of the prospectus and the most recent performance data by calling (855) 739-9950. Please read the prospectus and consider it carefully before investing. 








Copyright 2012-2016 Provident Trust Company
N16 W23217 Stone Ridge Drive, Suite 310 -- Waukesha, WI 53188

262-521-2300
info@provtrust.com









﻿

Company Profile








































 











 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events






















Message this company



Message the business




































Message this company


Message the business 













 Post your social media updates






































Network























































































Would you like BusinessVibes to send this message to similar companies in this industry?















Profile Visits

Prev. Visits :
Total :
Current :







Share and improve this company’s performance.
Boost this company’s visibility by sharing it with your contacts






About Company
Financial Details













 























































































































X

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free










*



*











Already a BusinessVibes member? Login




What kind of updates will I receive?
 Latest business listings as they become available
 Current trends that are making noise in your industry
 Reports and articles about your market pushed directly to you
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app


Access to full profiles can help you
 Instantly contact businesses directly
 Pursue and qualify leads for your business
 Research and find business offerings that you seek
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app








X

We're glad that you're back. Simply Login and unlock full profile



Easy one click Login Don't worry, we never post without your permission.


- - - - - - - - Or - - - - - - - -
Already an active user? Login with your email



*



*
Forgot password?




New to BusinessVibes? Sign up






X


Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free




























Already in BusinessVibes? Login




Access to open trade requests can help you
 Find products and services early
 Less Competition for trade requests
 More cost-effective than traditional trade requests







 














 





Provident Mutual Funds, Inc. - Provident Trust Strategy Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:59 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Provident Mutual Funds, Inc. - Provident Trust Strategy Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Provident Mutual Funds, Inc. - Provident Trust Strategy Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Provident Trust Company. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in growth stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations with a focus on large cap and mid cap companies. The fund employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach by focusing on factors like improving revenue and earnings growth, increasing margins, significant stock ownership by management, and improving price-to-earnings ratios to create its portfolio. It...
Provident Mutual Funds, Inc. - Provident Trust Strategy Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Provident Trust Company. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in growth stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations with a focus on large cap and mid cap companies. The fund employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach by focusing on factors like improving revenue and earnings growth, increasing margins, significant stock ownership by management, and improving price-to-earnings ratios to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index. The fund was formerly known as FMI Mutual Funds, Inc. - FMI Provident Trust Strategy Fund. Provident Mutual Funds, Inc. - Provident Trust Strategy Fund was formed on December 30, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


N16 W23217 Stone Ridge DriveSuite 310Waukesha, WI 53188United StatesFounded in 1986



Phone: 262-521-2300

Fax: 262-521-2301

www.provfunds.com/







Key Executives for Provident Mutual Funds, Inc. - Provident Trust Strategy Fund




Mr. John S. Brandser


      	Vice President, Secretary and Director
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. James Scott Harkness CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. Michael Anthony Schelble CFA, J.D., MS


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 51
        







Ms. Kathleen M. Lauters


      	Chief Compliance Officer
      


Age: 65
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Provident Mutual Funds, Inc. - Provident Trust Strategy Fund, please visit www.provfunds.com/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Nationwide Financial Services, Inc. and Provident Mutual Life Insurance Company:  No Action, Interpretive and/or Exemptive Letter of August 9, 2002 















Home | Previous Page





























 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 -
Section 4(1)
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 -
Section 14(d)
No Action, Interpretive and/or Exemptive Letter:
Nationwide Financial Services, Inc. and Provident Mutual Life Insurance Company
August 9, 2002
Response of the Office of Chief Counsel
Division of Corporation Finance



Re: 
Nationwide Financial Services, Inc. and Provident Mutual Life Insurance Company
Incoming letter dated August 9, 2002



The Division will not recommend enforcement action to the Commission if the Program is conducted as described in your letter, in reliance on your opinion of counsel that registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1993 is not required.
In reaching this position, we particularly note that: (1) the Company will have been subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for at least 90 days prior to the commencement of the Program; (2) The Company's Class A Shares will have been registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act before the Effective Date; (3) Eligible Shareholders will not be guaranteed any minimum sales price; (4) Eligible Shareholders will not be paid any additional consideration for the elimination of their odd-lot positions; (5) purchases of round-up shares will be made by the Brokers only on an agency basis in the open market upon the order of the Conversion Agent and only if there are insufficient matching sale orders from Eligible Shareholders; (vi) all sales by Eligible Shareholders that are not offset by round-up orders will be made by the Brokers only on an agency basis in the open market upon the order of the Conversion Agent; (vii) the commission received by any Broker will be no more than the usual and customary brokerage fees; (viii) neither the Conversion Agent nor the Brokers will engage in any "special selling efforts" as that phrase is used in the definition of "distribution" in Rule 100 of Regulation M; (ix) the Brokers will conduct sales in a manner designed to avoid any undue impact on the market for Company Class A Shares; (x) neither the Company nor the Conversion Agent nor their affiliates will enter into any arrangement with the Brokers with respect to potential purchases of shares sold or purchased under the Program; (xi) Company Class A Shares purchased to meet excess round-up purchase orders will be publicly traded share sold on the NYSE; (xii) the Company, Provident, the Conversion Agent and the Brokers will not purchase or sell any shares sold under the Program on behalf of their own accounts or on behalf of the accounts of affiliates; (xiii) the Brokers will effect crossing transactions with respect to the Program only on the floor of the NYSE, and will not solicit either side of such transactions or conduct negotiations off the floor of the NYSE with respect to any such transactions; (xiv) purchases of Company Class A Shares to meet excess round-up purchase orders will not be made from Eligible Shareholders; and (xv) neither the Company nor any of its affiliates will play more than a de minimus, inactive role in the Program.
In addition, the Staff will not recommend any enforcement action to the Commission if the Program is conducted in the same manner described without compliance with Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act or Regulation 14D thereunder.
The Office of Chief Counsel of the Division of Market Regulation has asked us to advise you that although the activities of the Conversion Agent in connection with the Program raise questions about the application of Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act, you have not requested the staff's advice regarding Section 15(a).  Accordingly, the staff takes no position on the application of Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act to the Conversion Agent in connection with the Program.  
The above positions are based on the representations made to the Division in your letter.   Different facts or conditions might require another result.  Further, this response expresses the Division's position on enforcement action only and does not express any legal conclusion on the questions presented.
Sincerely,
Cecilia D. Blye
Special Counsel

[letterhead]
LEBOEUF, LAMB, GREENE & MACRAE L.L.P.   
125 WEST 55TH STREET 
NEW YORK, NY 10019-5389 
(212) 424-8000  
FACSIMILE: (212) 424-8500 
Securities Act §§3(a) and 5
Securities Exchange Act §§14(d); Reg. 14D
August 9, 2002  
Paula Dubberly, Esq. 
Chief Counsel
Office of the Chief Counsel
Division of Corporation Finance
Securities and Exchange Commission
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20549


Re:
Nationwide Financial Services, Inc. and Provident Mutual Life Insurance Company
Dear Ms. Dubberly:
As counsel to Nationwide Financial Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Sponsor"), we are writing to request no-action relief under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act') in connection with specified activities relating to the proposed sponsored demutualization transaction whereby Provident Mutual Life Insurance Company, a Pennsylvania mutual insurance company ("Provident"), will be converted to a stock corporation and concurrently acquired by Sponsor.  This letter replaces in its entirety the letter dated February 7, 2002 previously filed with the  Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") regarding the same activities.
Provident proposes to convert from a mutual insurance company into a stock corporation and immediately engage in a merger with a wholly owned merger subsidiary ("Merger Sub") of Sponsor, with Provident being the surviving corporation, in a single coordinated transaction.  Provident will thus become a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Sponsor.  This transaction (the "Sponsored Demutualization") will be accomplished in accordance with a plan of conversion (the "Plan of Conversion") under the Pennsylvania Insurance Company Mutual-to-Stock Conversion Act, as amended (the "Demutualization Law"), 40 P.S. § 912-A et seq, subject to the approval of the Insurance Commissioner of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (the "Commissioner").  Under the Plan of Conversion, each person eligible to receive consideration in exchange for Membership Interests (as defined below) (the "Eligible Members") will receive shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Sponsor ("Sponsor Class A Shares") or consideration in the form of an adjustment of policy values ("Policy Credits") or cash in exchange for their membership interests in Provident (each, a "Membership Interest").
The Plan of Conversion also calls for Sponsor to establish a commission-free purchase and sale program (the "Program").  Participation in the Program will be available to Eligible Members who hold less than 100 Sponsor Class A Shares as of the record date for the Program (the "Record Date") and all other owners of less than 100 Sponsor Class A Shares on the Record Date (collectively, "Eligible Shareholders").  Sponsor will make the Program available to Eligible Shareholders in order to:  (i) reduce the number of small, odd-lot shareholders holding Sponsor Class A Shares by enhancing the cost effectiveness of liquidating such odd-lot shares or increasing holdings to round lots; (ii) reduce the attendant administrative burden and cost of servicing such shareholders; and (iii) give those Eligible Shareholders who receive small numbers of Sponsor Class A Shares an opportunity to liquidate their holdings or increase their holdings to round lots without paying high commissions relative to the size of their holdings.  As described below, purchases and sales orders of Eligible Shareholders that are not offset against each other will be executed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") in market transactions effected by one or more broker-dealers registered under the Exchange Act that are not affiliated with Sponsor (the "Brokers").  
We are writing to request assurance that, based upon the facts and representations set forth below, the Staff will not recommend that the SEC take any enforcement action against Sponsor, Provident, the Conversion Agent or Bank (as such terms are defined below), the Brokers, any of their affiliates or their respective officers, directors or employees, or any of the members of the insurance agency sales force of Provident (the "Agents") if:
1. the sale and purchase of Sponsor Class A Shares pursuant to the Program are conducted without compliance with the registration provisions of the Securities Act; and
2. the Program is conducted without compliance with Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act and Regulation 14D thereunder.
1. Provident
Provident is a mutual life insurance company, organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, whose business is concentrated in life insurance products.  Provident offers a broad range of life insurance and variable annuity products and related services.  Provident markets its insurance products and services through a retailed affiliated distribution system and through various non-affiliates including insurance agents, stock brokerage firms, regional broker dealers, independent financial planning firms and other insurance companies.
As a mutual life insurance company, Provident has no authorized, issued or outstanding stock.  Provident's members, through the purchase of Provident's insurance policies, acquire insurance coverage from and membership in Provident pursuant to Pennsylvania Insurance Law and Provident's Articles of Incorporation.  The membership rights of members consist principally of the right to vote in the election of directors of Provident and the right to share in any residual value of Provident in the unlikely event that Provident were to undergo liquidation.
2. Sponsor
Sponsor is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.  It was formed in November 1996 as a holding company for Nationwide Life Insurance Company and other companies that comprise the retirement savings operations of the Nationwide group of companies.  Sponsor is a leading provider of long-term savings and retirement products in the United States.  Sponsor develops and sells a diverse range of products including individual annuities, private and public sector pension plans and other investment products sold to institutions, life insurance and mutual funds and other asset management services.  Sponsor markets its products through a broad distribution network, including independent broker/dealers, brokerage firms, financial institutions, pension plan administrators, life insurance specialists, Nationwide agents, Nationwide Retirement Solutions and The 401(k) Company.  Sponsor has grown in recent years as a result of its long-term investments in developing the distribution channels necessary to reach its target customers and the products required to meet the demands of these customers. Asset growth during this period resulted from sales of Sponsor's products as well as a market appreciation of assets in Sponsor's separate accounts and in its general account investment portfolio.
The Sponsor Class A Shares are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and listed on the NYSE.  The shares of Class B common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Sponsor (the "Sponsor Class B Shares") are not listed on the NYSE and all outstanding Sponsor Class B Shares are held by Nationwide Corporation.  The Sponsor Class A Shares and Sponsor Class B Shares vote together as a single class on all matters, with the Sponsor Class B Shares having 10 votes per share (compared to one vote per Sponsor Class A Share).  As a result, as of June 30, 2002, Nationwide Corporation held approximately 97.5% of the combined voting power of the outstanding common stock of Sponsor. Sponsor is a reporting company under the Exchange Act, and is eligible to use Form S-3 for registering transactions under the Securities Act.  
3. The Program
Under the Program, Sponsor must arrange for Eligible Shareholders to have the opportunity to sell all (but not less than all) of their Sponsor Class A Shares or to acquire the number of Sponsor Class A Shares necessary to increase their holdings to a 100-share round-lot without payment of brokerage commissions, mailing charges, registration fees or other administrative or similar expenses.  Mellon Investor Services LLC, Sponsor's transfer agent, will serve as the agent administering the Program (the "Conversion Agent").  A registered broker-dealer or bank, as defined in Section 3(a)(6) of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Bank") will supervise the processing of purchase orders and combine and process all sale and purchase instructions.  Neither the Conversion Agent nor any Bank will be affiliated with Sponsor.  The Plan of Conversion provides that the terms and conditions of the Program and any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto are subject to the prior approval of the Commissioner.  
In December 2001, Sponsor established a bank sponsored investor services program (the "Bank Sponsored Program") administered by Mellon Bank, N.A. (the "Bank Agent"), an affiliate of the Conversion Agent, that permits existing Sponsor shareholders and employees, and persons making an unsolicited inquiry to the Bank Agent, to purchase and sell shares, and reinvest dividends, of Sponsor.  The Bank Sponsored Program is not registered under the Act and operates consistent with the terms of the no-action letter issued by the Commission to The Securities Transfer Association on September 14, 1995.   It is expected that the Bank Sponsored Program will remain in place and available during the course of the Program, with neither program registered under the Act.1 
We anticipate that the Program will commence when the share confirmation statements are provided to former Provident members, which is expected to be 21 days after the effective date of the Sponsored Demutualization and will continue for at least 90 days thereafter.  Sponsor may periodically reinstitute the Program.
The Program will not involve any buy-back feature providing for repurchases of Sponsor Class A Shares by Sponsor or any of its affiliates.  However, Sponsor may conduct a separate open market repurchase program, which may overlap with the Program.  Any such separate repurchase program would be conducted in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act and would not involve repurchases of Sponsor Class A Shares from Eligible Shareholders.  No Eligible Shareholders will receive any premiums or other incentives to participate in the Program, nor will any such shareholder be guaranteed a price by the Conversion Agent, the Bank, the Brokers, Sponsor or any affiliate of the foregoing. It is anticipated that all Sponsor Class A Shares issued pursuant to the Program will be issued in uncertificated, book-entry form.  However, a shareholder may at any time request issuance of certificated shares.
Following the effective date of the Sponsored Demutualization, Sponsor will provide to all Eligible Members who have become Eligible Shareholders a share confirmation statement showing the number of shares the shareholder received.  The share confirmation statement mailing will include a notice announcing the successful completion of the Sponsored Demutualization and recommending that persons who received less than 100 shares and who plan to take advantage of the Program leave their shares in book-entry form, rather than converting to certificated form.  The share confirmation statement will also describe the direct registration book-entry system, and will state that questions about the Program should be directed to the Conversion Agent.  
Prior to commencement of the Program, either concurrently with the mailing of the share confirmation statement or within 5 business days thereafter, the Conversion Agent will mail a description of the Program, together with a Sale/Purchase Authorization Card (an "Authorization") to each Eligible Shareholder.  At the same time, the Conversion Agent will mail notices of the Program to brokers, banks and other nominee holders of Sponsor Class A Shares.  These nominee holders will be requested in the notices to contact the Conversion Agent to obtain the materials for the Program for qualifying beneficial owners.  As of the date of this no-action request letter, neither the Program brochure nor the Authorization has been mailed to any members of Provident or shareholders of NFS.  Approximately six weeks after commencement of the Program, the Conversion Agent anticipates making a follow-up mailing to Eligible Shareholders who, as of that time, have not responded to the initial mailing.  None of these mailings will solicit participation in or make recommendations with respect to the Program.  These mailings will also inform Eligible Shareholders that they may request copies of the most recent Form 10-K and any Forms 10-Q filed by the Sponsor since the end of the prior fiscal year by making a request for such material to Sponsor.  Sponsor will forward copies of such documents to the requesting party within 3 business days after receiving a request from an Eligible Shareholder.
The Conversion Agent may establish a toll-free number staffed to respond to questions about the Program.  In such event, the Conversion Agent will act as information agent to answer questions and ensure that Eligible Shareholders receive the information about the program.  The Conversion Agent may contact Eligible Shareholders for the limited purposes of confirming whether or not they have received the material and to offer to send new materials if appropriate, but will refer any shareholder inquiries about the Program to the toll-free number.  In no event will the Conversion Agent make recommendations or solicit participation in connection with purchases and sales under the Program, nor will any assurance be given by it about the price that will be received for shares sold or the price that will be paid for purchasing additional shares.  The expenses of any information agent that performs services in connection with the Program will not be borne by Eligible Shareholders.  
All expenses in connection with the Program, including the fees and expenses of the Conversion Agent and the Brokers, will be borne by Sponsor.  The Brokers' commissions from purchases and sales of Sponsor Class A Shares pursuant to the Program will not exceed customary brokerage commissions on similar transactions.  Employees of the Conversion Agent, Sponsor and Provident will not receive any compensation, directly or indirectly, for brokerage activities.
Eligible Shareholders are not obligated to participate in the Program.  Eligible Shareholders may elect to sell or purchase shares under the Program, sell or buy Sponsor Class A Shares outside the Program and incur any resulting brokerage commissions or other expenses, or retain their Sponsor Class A Shares.
Sponsor expects that the Brokers may, as agents for their customers, effect unsolicited brokerage orders for purchases and sales of Sponsor Class A Shares during the period the Program is in effect.  Except with respect to any repurchase program established in accordance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, Sponsor, Provident and their respective "affiliated purchasers" (as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act) will not make any bids for or purchases of Sponsor Class A Shares during the period the Program remains in effect.
An Eligible Shareholder may elect to participate in the Program by returning a validly executed Authorization to the Conversion Agent (together with any properly endorsed stock certificate, if the Eligible Shareholder has requested that a stock certificate be issued representing the Sponsor Class A Shares to be sold), or payment in an amount equal to the number of shares to be purchased multiplied by the market price of such shares on an earlier specified date.  It is anticipated that such price will equal or exceed the price of the shares to be purchased.  Any advance payment will be deposited upon receipt by the Bank or broker-dealer and held in a non-interest bearing account established by the Bank or broker-dealer.  The Conversion Agent will send a refund check issued by the Bank or broker-dealer  to participants in the Program in cases where the actual price paid for new Sponsor Class A Shares is lower than the price paid to the Bank or broker-dealer.  Conversely, the Conversion Agent will send an invoice to participants in the Program when the actual price paid exceeds the amount paid to the Bank or broker-dealer.   Authorizations may be returned to the Conversion Agent at any time after the Conversion Agent first mails them out and during the time that the Program is in effect, but will be irrevocable upon mailing to the Conversion Agent.  Authorizations that are incomplete or that are received by the Conversion Agent after the expiration of the Program will not be processed and will be invalid.
If either a validly executed Authorization or, if any stock certificate was issued, a properly endorsed stock certificate, is not received by the Conversion Agent, the Eligible Shareholder will be notified by the Conversion Agent that the Sponsor Class A Shares cannot be sold until the missing documentation is received.
All sale and purchase instructions received for a particular business day will be combined and processed together by the Bank or a broker-dealer.  All purchase instructions will be supervised and processed by either the Bank or a broker-dealer using its employees some of whom may also be employees of the Conversion Agent.  All sale/purchase Authorizations will be electronically time-stamped upon receipt by the Conversion Agent.  The Conversion Agent will accumulate all Authorizations received each business day and calculate the number of Sponsor Class A Shares covered by such sale/purchase Authorizations (each, a "Batch").  Buy and/or sell orders, in round-lots will be placed by the Conversion Agent with the Brokers in the order that such sale/purchase Authorizations are received by the Conversion Agent.  The Conversion Agent will first satisfy on a first-in, first-out basis any purchase requests received from Eligible Shareholders out of shares received under the Program from Eligible Shareholders seeking to sell their shares.  If sale Authorizations exceed purchase Authorizations, the Conversion Agent will place an order with one of the Brokers, subject to the accumulation of shares necessary to equal a round-lot (as described below), to sell the excess shares in the open market.  In the event purchase Authorizations exceed sale Authorizations, the Conversion Agent will place an order with one of the Brokers, subject to the accumulation of shares necessary to equal a round-lot (as described below), to purchase sufficient shares in the open market to satisfy the deficiency.  All sale/purchase Authorizations received each day will be combined and processed together.
As noted above, to the extent that Authorizations in a Batch cannot be offset against each other, buy and/or sell orders, in round-lots, will be placed by the Conversion Agent with the Brokers in the order that such sale/purchase Authorizations are received by the Conversion Agent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing:
if there has occurred any act of God, nature, war or terrorism, mechanical or electrical breakdown, computer failure, failure or unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire, facsimile, Internet, telex, or other transaction or communications system or power supply, in each case the effect of which is such as to make it, in the judgment of the Conversion Agent, after taking into account all commercially reasonable means of doing so, impracticable to process purchase and sale instructions under the Program; 
if trading in any equity securities of Sponsor has been suspended or materially limited by the SEC or the NYSE, or if trading generally on the NYSE has been suspended or materially limited; or 
if a banking moratorium has been declared by either Federal or New York authorities, 
then order placements will not be made during the pendency of such events.  Order placements will be made by the close of the NYSE on the trading day following the expiry of such events.2
It is anticipated that the Conversion Agent will remit sale/purchase orders to the Brokers on the next NYSE trading day after each batch is created, and that the Brokers will sell shares covered by an order not later than the close of business on the third business day after receipt of the order from the Conversion Agent.
For purposes of determining the price of purchases and sales, all purchases and sales made in the Batch will receive the same price.  Accordingly, if the Conversion Agent remits an open-market purchase order, all purchase orders in the Batch will be assigned the same purchase price per share.  Similarly, if the Conversion Agent remits an open-market sale order, all sale orders in the Batch will be assigned the same sale price per share.  Such purchase or sale price will be the weighted average price per share of the shares required to be purchased or sold in the open market.  If no open-market purchases or sales are effected for the Program in a Batch and the only transactions that occur are sales orders made under the Program that are offset against purchase orders made under the Program, the price at which sales and purchases shall be executed will be the closing price of the Sponsor Class A Shares during the day in which the Batch was created as reported in the Wall Street Journal.
The Brokers will effect all transactions in connection with the Program in the open market on the floor of the NYSE in the ordinary course of their business, and for the duration of the Program the Brokers will not purchase or sell Sponsor Class A Shares for their own account or the account of any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act).  In connection with the Program, the Brokers will effect brokers' transactions solely as agents on an unsolicited basis for Eligible Shareholders.  The Brokers may also cross, solely on an agency basis, sales and purchase orders in Sponsor Class A Shares submitted by their customers.  All such crossing transactions will be effected by the Brokers on the floor of the NYSE and the Brokers will not conduct negotiations off the floor of the NYSE with respect to such transactions.
The Brokers will accept instructions regarding the Program solely from the Conversion Agent and, in conducting the Program, will act independently of Sponsor and its affiliates.  Purchases and sales of Sponsor Class A Shares made by the Brokers under the Program will be subject solely to the instructions and control of the Conversion Agent.  In all cases, the Conversion Agent will mail to Eligible Shareholders proceeds, refunds of, or excess purchase price under the Program (if any), or a statement (or stock certificate, if requested) for shares purchased through the Program, within 10 business days of the date of completion of their sell or buy order.
4. Discussion
Section 5 of the Securities Act
For the reasons described below, it is our opinion that the purchase and sale of Sponsor Class A Shares pursuant to the Program would not require registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act. 
As discussed above, other than with respect to the preparation of the materials related thereto, Sponsor's role in the Program will be strictly administrative in nature, and Sponsor will not actively encourage participation in the Program.  Furthermore, the factors that the Staff has previously relied upon in taking a no-action position with respect to the applicability of Section 5 of the Securities Act to odd-lot sale programs coupled with round-up features, and that the Staff has traditionally looked to in determining whether there has been an offering of a security by or on behalf of an issuer for purposes of the Securities Act,3 are satisfied in the instant case.  Specifically:  (i) Sponsor will have been subject to the periodic reporting requirements of Section 13(a) under the Exchange Act for a period of at least 90 days prior to commencement of the Program; (ii) Sponsor Class A Shares will have been registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act; (iii) Eligible Shareholders will not be guaranteed any minimum sales price; (iv) no participating Eligible Shareholders will be paid any additional consideration for the elimination of their odd-lot position; (v) purchases of round-up shares will be made by the Brokers only on an agency basis in the open market upon the order of the Conversion Agent and only if there are insufficient matching sale orders from Eligible Shareholders; (vi) all sales by Eligible Shareholders that are not offset by round-up orders will be made by the Brokers only on an agency basis in the open market upon the order of the Conversion Agent; (vii) the commission received by the Brokers will be no more than the usual and customary brokerage fees; (viii) neither the Conversion Agent nor the Brokers will engage in any "special selling efforts" as that phrase is used in the definition of "distribution" in Rule 100 of Regulation M of the Exchange Act; (ix) the Brokers will conduct sales in a manner designed to avoid any undue impact on the market for Sponsor Class A Shares; (x) none of Sponsor, the Conversion Agent or their respective affiliates will enter into any arrangement with the Brokers with respect to potential purchases of shares sold or purchased under the Program; (xi) the Sponsor Class A Shares purchased to meet excess round-up purchase orders will be publicly traded shares sold on the NYSE; (xii) Sponsor, Provident, the Conversion Agent and the Brokers will not purchase or sell any shares sold under the Program on behalf of their own accounts or on behalf of the accounts of affiliates; (xiii) the Brokers will effect crossing transactions with respect to the Program only on the floor of the NYSE and will not solicit either side of such transactions or conduct negotiations off the floor of the NYSE with respect to such transactions; (xiv) purchases of Sponsor Class A Shares to meet excess round-up purchase orders will not be made from Eligible Shareholders; and (xv) neither Sponsor nor any of its affiliates will play more than a de minimis, inactive role in the Program.
Furthermore, we have advised Sponsor that it is our opinion that brokerage transactions effected by Brokers, acting as agents for the Conversion Agent and for Eligible Shareholders on the floor of the NYSE, would be exempt from registration under Section 4(4) of the Securities Act.  The Brokers will not effect such transactions in a principal capacity for themselves or any of their affiliates.  As described above, the Brokers will not, nor will any of their affiliates, solicit such transactions.  The Brokers will effect crossing transactions with respect to the Program only on the floor of the NYSE and will not conduct negotiations off the floor of the NYSE with respect to such transaction or solicit either side of such transactions directly or indirectly, or by means of any interdealer communications system.  Further, in order to provide for and ensure compliance with this undertaking, the Brokers will represent to Sponsor that, while the Program is in effect, they will maintain records adequate to identify unsolicited trades in Sponsor Class A Shares and support the unsolicited nature of all transactions, including crossing transactions, involving the Program.
Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we request that the Staff confirm to us that it would not recommend enforcement action against Sponsor, Provident, the Conversion Agent, the Brokers, any of their affiliates or their respective officers, directors or employees if sales and purchases of Sponsor Class A Shares pursuant to the Program are conducted without compliance with the registration provisions of the Securities Act.
Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act
A tender offer typically involves an offer by an issuer or a third party (or group) to purchase securities for its own account.  It is our opinion, given the fundamental differences between the Program and the types of transactions that the tender offer provisions are designed to address, that Sponsor's sponsorship of the Program will not constitute a "tender offer" within the meaning of Section 14 (d) of the Exchange Act.  The term "tender offer" implies that:  (i) there is active and widespread solicitation of public shareholders for the shares of an issuer; (ii) the solicitation is made for a substantial percentage of the issuer's stock; (iii) the offer to purchase is made at a premium over the prevailing market price; (iv) the terms of the offer are firm, rather than negotiable; (v) the offer is contingent on the tender of a fixed number of shares; (vi) the offer is open only for a limited period of time; (vii) the offeree is subject to pressure to sell its stock; and (viii) there is public announcement of an acquisition program prior to or with the accumulation of stock by a purchaser.4  The most important of these elements will not be present in the Program.  Specifically: 
There will be no "solicitation" of sale/purchase Authorizations in the sense of any of Sponsor, Provident or the Conversion Agent making any recommendation to Eligible Shareholders.  To the contrary, the Program description materials will expressly state that no such party is making any recommendation regarding the purchase or sale of Sponsor Class A Shares.  Additionally, the Program will be made available only to Eligible Shareholders. 
Eligible Shareholders who sell Sponsor Class A Shares through the Program will not receive any premium over the market price on the date of sale. 
The "terms of the offer" will be "firm" only in the sense that Eligible Shareholders who sell or purchase Sponsor Class A Shares in a trading day's Batch through the Program will invariably receive or pay a price based on the price of all Sponsor Class A Shares sold or purchased through the Program in that Batch. 
The Program will not be contingent upon the participation of any fixed number of Eligible Shareholders or the sale/purchase of any fixed number of Sponsor Class A Shares. 

Eligible Shareholders will not be subject to any pressure to participate in the Program.  The Program is being provided solely as an accommodation to Eligible Shareholders who may wish to purchase or sell Sponsor Class A Shares without the payment of commissions or other expenses. As indicated above, the description materials provided to Eligible Shareholders will merely advise them that the Program exists, without making any recommendation. 
The Program will not be preceded or accompanied by a rapid accumulation of stock.  Except as described herein, neither Sponsor nor Provident will enter into any arrangement with the Brokers or the Conversion Agent with respect to purchases or sales of Sponsor Class A Shares pursuant to the Program.  The Conversion Agent and the Brokers will be acting solely in an agency capacity for Eligible Shareholders. Any purchases or sales not made in offsetting transactions from Eligible Shareholders will be made in the open market exclusively for accounts of Eligible Shareholders participating in the Program, and not for Sponsor or any of its affiliates.
The SEC has granted no-action relief under Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act to a number of demutualizing insurance companies operating similar commission free purchase and sale programs.5 
It is difficult to determine with any certainty the amount of Sponsor Class A Shares that will be held by Eligible Shareholders at the time of commencement of the Program.  As of May 31, 2002, approximately 276,000 Sponsor Class A Shares are held by existing Sponsor shareholders holding 99 or fewer shares.  It is estimated that approximately 222,000 Eligible Members will be allocated less than 100 Sponsor Class A Shares in the conversion of Provident to a stock insurer, representing approximately 8.8 million Sponsor Class A Shares.6  However, since these Eligible Members will be entitled to elect whether or not they prefer to receive cash as consideration in the Sponsored Demutualization instead of Sponsor Class A Shares, subject to certain limits on the amount of cash that may be paid in the transaction, it is expected that less than 222,000 Eligible Members actually will be eligible to participate in the Program.  It should be noted that in the event cash is oversubscribed, it will be allocated based on priorities set forth in the merger agreement, which gives Eligible Members with the smallest share allocations a priority for receipt of cash instead of the Sponsor Class A Shares.  Assuming 26.4 million NFS Class A Shares are issued in the Sponsored Demutualization, all 222,000 estimated potential odd lot Eligible Members receive share consideration and the number of other NFS shareholders with odd lot positions remains constant, approximately 18% of Sponsor's Class A common stock, and 6% of its common stock, expected to be outstanding after consummation of the Sponsored Demutualization would be held by Eligible Shareholders.  However, because the consideration election and allocation process has not yet occurred, the actual percentage of outstanding Sponsor Class A Shares that will be eligible to participate in the Program and the level of participation cannot be determined at present.  Sponsor notes that the SEC has granted no-action relief under Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to commission free purchase and sale programs where the percentage of outstanding shares eligible to participate in the program was of similar scope as a result of a large-scale demutualization.7 
Importantly, the Program is required by the Plan of Conversion and the Commissioner will require Sponsor to make every effort to implement the Program consistent with the terms of the Plan of Conversion.  Sponsor does not anticipate that the Program will involve such a substantial percentage of the issued and outstanding Sponsor Class A Shares that it is appropriate or necessary to limit participation in the Program in order to avoid a market impact.  Indeed, the Program will be operated in a manner designed to avoid any substantial market impact. Moreover, the operation of the Program should help to ameliorate any market impact.  Each Eligible Shareholder will independently decide whether or not to participate in the Program and will be free to sell or purchase Sponsor Class A Shares outside the Program or to retain such shares.  Therefore, we believe that the Staff should not consider the Program to constitute a "tender offer".
We are aware, however, that in the past the Staff has taken the position that commission-free sales and purchase programs similar to the Program may be issuer tender offers.  Even if the Program is determined to involve an issuer tender offer, it is our opinion that the Program, if conducted as described herein, would be in compliance with Release No. 34-38068 and excepted from Rule 13e-4 and Rule l0b-13 by virtue of Rule 13e-4(h)(5).  The Program will be available to all Eligible Shareholders and the price paid by or to each Eligible Shareholder will be based on the market price of Sponsor Class A Shares on the date the transaction is effected.  Thus, we are of the view that Sponsor and its affiliates are exempt from compliance with Rule 13e-4 in connection with the Program.  See Trigon Healthcare, Inc., 1997 SEC No-Act. Lexis 757 (July 23, 1997).  As a result, no relief is sought from Rule 13e-4 in connection with the operation of the Program.
In addition, the Program will not involve any special selling efforts or selling methods, and thus will not involve a "distribution" as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act.  Accordingly, no relief is sought from Regulation M for purchases of Sponsor Class A Shares by Sponsor pursuant to a Rule 10b-18 open market repurchase program during the pendency of the Program.
5. Conclusion
Based on the foregoing, we request confirmation that the Staff will not recommend the SEC take any enforcement action against Sponsor, Provident, the Conversion Agent, the Brokers, any of their affiliates or their respective officers, directors or employees, if:
the sale and purchase of Sponsor Class A Shares pursuant to the Program are conducted without compliance with the registration provisions of the Securities Act; and  
the Program is conducted without compliance with Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act and Regulation 14D thereunder;
In view of the timing of the proposed Sponsored Demutualization, we would appreciate hearing from you at your earliest convenience.  If you require additional information or have any questions concerning this request, please do not hesitate to contact Alexander M. Dye at (212) 424-8642 or the undersigned at (212) 424-8616.  Our fax number is (212) 424-8500. 
Very truly yours,
Michael Groll
Endnotes
1  Sponsor is not seeking any no-action relief from the SEC in connection with the operation of the Bank Sponsored Program.
2  It should be noted that, in accordance with customary practice, order placements will also be suspended for 2 trading days before and 2 trading days after the record date for the payment of dividends on Sponsor Class A Shares.  Order placements will be made by the close of the NYSE on the trading day following the expiry of any such period.
3  See, e.g., Anthem Insurance Companies, Inc., 2001 SEC No-Act. Lexis 776 (Oct. 25, 2001); AmerUs Group Co., 2001 SEC No-Act. Lexis 781 (Oct. 18, 2001); Phoenix Home Life Mutual Insurance, 2001 SEC No-Act Lexis 590 (May 31, 2001); Standard Insurance Company, 1999 SEC No-Act. Lexis 111 (January 26, 1999); Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, 1999 SEC No-Act. Lexis 914 (November 23, 1999), John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1999 SEC No-Act. Lexis 935 (November 1, 1999); Allmerica Financial Corporation, 1996 SEC No-Act. 437 (April 17, 1996); Guarantee Mutual Life Company, 1995 SEC No-Act. 461 (April 13, 1995); Equitable Companies Incorporated, 1994 SEC No-Act. Lexis 493 (May 10, 1994); Pacific Telesis Group and PacTel Corporation, 1994 SEC No-Act. Lexis 408 (April 1, 1994); E1 Paso Natural Gas Company, 1994 SEC No-Act. Lexis 52 (January 10, 1994); Equitable Companies Incorporated, 1993 SEC No-Act. Lexis 651 (April 22, 1993); Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal, 1992 SEC No-Act. Lexis 908 (August 24, 1992); Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company, 1990 SEC No-Act. 456 (March 8, 1990); Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., 1989 SEC No-Act. Lexis 788 (June 23, 1989); Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company, 1989 SEC No-Act. Lexis 210 (February 13, 1989); Alcan Aluminum Limited, 1988 SEC No-Act. Lexis 1341 (September 16, 1988); Disston Associates, Inc., 1988 SEC No-Act. Lexis 495 (April 25, 1988); see also FPL Group, Inc., 1992 SEC No-Act. Lexis 983 (October 7, 1992) (not including a round-up feature); Bankers Trust Company, 1988 SEC No-Act. Lexis 1528 (November 8, 1988) (same).
4  SEC v. Carter Hawley Hale Stores, Inc., 760 F.2d 945, 950 (9th Cir. 1985); Wellman v. Dickinson, 475 F. Supp. 783, 823-824 (S.D.N.Y. 1979), aff'd 682 F.2d 355 (2d Cir. 1982), cert. denied, 460 U.S. 1069 (1983); Paine Webber Jackson & Curtis, Inc., Administrative Proceedings File 3-6074, [1982-1983 Transfer Binder] Fed, Sec. L. Rep. (CCH) P 83,310 (Dec. 30, 1982). See Exchange Act Release 8712, 1969 Lexis 163 (October 8, 1969).
5  Anthem Insurance Companies, Inc., 2001 SEC No-Act. Lexis 776 (Oct. 25, 2001); AmerUs Group Co., 2001 SEC No-Act. Lexis 781 (Oct. 18, 2001); Phoenix Home Life Mutual Insurance, 2001 SEC No-Act Lexis 590 (May 31, 2001); Standard Insurance Company, 1999 SEC No-Act. Lexis 111 (January 26, 1999); Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, 1999 SEC No-Act. Lexis 914 (November 23, 1999), John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, 1999 SEC No-Act. Lexis 935 (November 1, 1999); Allmerica Financial Corporation, 1996 SEC No-Act. 437 (April 17, 1996); Guarantee Mutual Life Company, 1995 SEC No-Act. 461 (April 13, 1995); and Equitable Companies Incorporated, 1994 SEC No-Act. Lexis 493 (May 10, 1994).
6  This estimation does not include Eligible Members who will receive policy credits as consideration unless they elect to receive share consideration.
7  See e.g., AmerUs Group Co., supra (estimating approximately 10-11% of outstanding shares eligible to participate in program); Guarantee Mutual Life Company, supra (estimating approximately 18% of outstanding shares eligible to participate in program); Equitable Companies Incorporated, 1993 SEC No-Act Lexis 651 (April 22, 1993) (estimating approximately 18% of outstanding shares eligible to participate in program).
 

http://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/cf-noaction/nfs080902.htm





Home | Previous Page
Modified: 12/04/2002










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Friends Provident - International - Investment-linked funds


















 


 Jump to homepage Jump to accessibility information page Jump to main menu link Jump to sub menu links Jump to page content 



Home
Site map
 Chinese 中文 




  




About us
Customer
Products
Investment-linked funds
News
Downloads






 
Investment-linked funds
 













                    Investment-linked funds
                
For the range of investment-linked funds available under Friends Provident International's investment-linked assurance schemes, please refer to the latest version of Investment-linked Funds Leaflet.

Investment-linked Funds Leaflet

The Investment-linked Fund Prices Leaflet is a monthly snapshot of our investment-linked fund prices and performance published each month.

Investment-linked Fund Prices Leaflet


Important Information
The underlying funds of the investment-linked funds are unit trust/mutual funds authorised by the SFC. Such authorisation does not imply official recommendation or endorsement of the unit trusts/mutual funds nor does it guarantee the commercial merits of the unit trusts/mutual funds or their performance. It does not mean the unit trusts/mutual funds are suitable for all investors nor is it an endorsement of its suitability for any particular investor or class of investors.
Investment-linked fund prices may go up and down depending upon the underlying funds' performance or, where investments held within an investment-linked fund are not denominated in the currency of that fund, simply because of movements in currency exchange rates. Where we publish performance information, the figures are quoted including all underlying fund level charges payable to underlying fund managers and investment-linked fund level charges payable to Friends Provident International. However, past performance should not be viewed as an indication of future performance - the value of your investment cannot be guaranteed and you may get back less than you paid in.
You should refer to the relevant offering document of the investment-linked assurance schemes for details, including product features, terms and conditions, fees and charges and the risk factors of the policy. For all details of the policy, please refer to the relevant policy conditions and provisions.

 

Copyright 2017 Friends Provident International. All rights reserved.
                    Contact us | Legal | Privacy and cookies 






PROVIDENT MUTUAL FUNDS, INC. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      PROVIDENT MUTUAL FUNDS, INC.
                    

•   WAUKESHA, WI
                          • Mutual Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Provident Mutual Funds is based out of Waukesha.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from PROVIDENT MUTUAL FUNDS, INC., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




provident mutual funds, inc.


N16 W23217 STONE RIDGE DRIVE

WAUKESHA
WI
                                                        
                                                    53188


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      262 521 2337







Recent SEC Filings




NSAR-A filed on 05/17/2017
N-CSRS filed on 05/09/2017
485BPOS filed on 02/16/2017
N-Q filed on 02/10/2017
497J filed on 02/03/2017
497K filed on 01/27/2017
485BPOS filed on 01/27/2017
24F-2NT filed on 11/22/2016
NSAR-B filed on 11/17/2016
N-CSR filed on 11/17/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























Stock mutual funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard stock funds


93% of our low-cost stock mutual funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Give your money a chance to grow over the long term
Get higher potential for investment growth



Stock mutual funds aim to provide long-term growth, unlike bond funds, which focus on income. In exchange for more growth, however, you're likely to experience more ups and downs in the value of your investment.

Increase diversification in your portfolio



A stock fund could give you access to hundreds—sometimes thousands—of stocks, which spreads out risk more than owning individual stocks.

Get broad exposure to the stock markets



You can use just a few funds to complete the stock portion of your portfolio. Each of these index funds gives you access to a wide variety of stocks in a single, diversified fund.

Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund holds more than 3,000 domestic stocks.

Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund holds more than 5,500 non-U.S. stocks.


Get details on Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund

Get details on Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund


How to choose a stock fund



Here are a few questions to ask yourself while you're considering the right Vanguard stock fund for your portfolio:

How do stock mutual funds differ from one another?



When looking for a stock fund, consider these two characteristics:

Investing style. In general, stock funds invest in value stocks, growth stocks, or a blend of the two.

Capitalization. Stock funds also choose investments based on the size, or capitalization, of a company. Companies are considered either small-, mid-, or large-cap.


See a complete list of Vanguard stock funds


Do I want domestic or international stocks?








Investing in both U.S. and international stock funds can add another level of diversification to an already well-balanced portfolio.

Would I prefer index or active funds?



Do you feel more comfortable tracking the market, or would you rather try to beat it?

Index funds try to track the performance of a specific market benchmark.

Actively managed funds are steered by our expert portfolio managers who select specific securities for the fund. While actively managed funds give you a chance to beat the benchmark, they can also underperform.


Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds


Should I focus on a specific industry?



You can choose a fund that invests solely in a specific sector of the market, like health care, technology, or telecommunications.But remember, these funds have a very narrow focus and expose you to more risk. Sector and specialty funds should only be used to supplement an already diversified portfolio.
See a list of Vanguard sector & specialty funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Bond funds

Balanced funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Stock mutual funds







Stock mutual funds invest in securities that represent part ownership in publicly traded companies.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Value stock fund







A mutual fund that focuses on stocks from companies that are typically found in low-growth or mature industries, often produce higher and more regular dividend income, and sell at discounted prices.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Growth stock fund







A mutual fund that focuses on stocks from companies that are expected to experience higher-than-average profitable growth because of their strong earnings and revenue potential.Growth stocks typically produce lower dividend yields because they prefer to reinvest those earnings into research and development to help grow these companies and increase their profitability.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 99 of 107 Vanguard stock funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Funds that concentrate on a relatively narrow market sector face the risk of higher share-price volatility. Investments in stocks issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk, which is the chance that political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions; and currency risk, which is the chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in U.S. dollars, will decrease because of unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

































Balanced mutual funds for asset allocation | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard balanced funds


100% of our low-cost balanced funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Get a mix of stocks and bonds in one fund
Combine the potential for income and growth



Balanced mutual funds invest in both bonds, which focus primarily on income, and stocks, which aim for investment growth.

Add stability to your portfolio



The bond portion of the fund helps offset the risks associated with the stock portion—providing you with a "balanced" investment.

Automatically maintain your asset mix



You never have to rebalance a balanced fund—it's done for you automatically. Some funds maintain a set asset mix, while others grow more conservative over time.

Spread out your exposure to risk



By potentially holding hundreds—sometimes thousands—of bonds and stocks in a single balanced fund, you get more diversification than you would buying individual bonds and stocks.

How to choose a balanced fund



Picking a Vanguard balanced fund generally depends on whether you're investing for a specific goal, like retirement, or you have another goal in mind.

Target Retirement Funds



If you're investing for retirement, you can get a complete portfolio in a single fund with a Vanguard Target Retirement Fund. Simply choose a fund based on the date you plan to retire or your current age, and the fund will gradually grow more conservative the closer you get to retirement.
See which Target Retirement Fund fits your timeline


LifeStrategy Funds



If you'd prefer a fund that maintains a set asset mix, a LifeStrategy® Fund can help you reach other financial goals.
Match your risk tolerance to a LifeStrategy Fund


Managed Payout Fund



If you're looking to generate income in retirement, Vanguard Managed Payout Fund** might be appropriate for you.
Get income from the Managed Payout Fund


Traditional balanced funds



If you'd like a set asset allocation based on the level of risk you're comfortable with, choose from a variety of traditional index or actively managed balanced funds.
See a complete list of Vanguard balanced funds

Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Bond funds

Stock funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Balanced mutual funds







Balanced mutual funds invest in stocks, bonds, and sometimes cash or other investments—all in a single fund.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Rebalancing







Rebalancing involves periodically buying and selling the stocks, bonds, cash, or other investments in your portfolio to maintain your original or desired mix of those assets.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 23 of 23 Vanguard balanced funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds and ETFs (exchange-traded funds) with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
footnote**Vanguard Managed Payout Fund is protected by U.S. Patent Nos. 8,180,695 and 8,185,464.
	Investments in Target Retirement Funds are subject to the risks of their underlying funds. The year in the fund name refers to the approximate year (the target date) when an investor in the fund would retire and leave the workforce. The fund will gradually shift its emphasis from more aggressive investments to more conservative ones based on its target date. An investment in a Target Retirement Fund is not guaranteed at any time, including on or after the target date.
	Each LifeStrategy Fund invests in 4 broadly diversified Vanguard funds and is subject to the risks associated with those underlying funds.
	The Managed Payout Fund is not guaranteed to achieve its investment objectives, is subject to loss, and some of its distributions may be treated in part as a return of capital. The dollar amount of the fund's monthly cash distributions could go up or down substantially from one year to the next and over time. It is also possible for the fund to suffer substantial investment losses and simultaneously experience additional asset reductions as a result of its distributions to shareholders under its managed-distribution policy. An investment in the fund could lose money over short, intermediate, or even long periods of time because the fund allocates its assets worldwide across different asset classes and investments with specific risk and return characteristics. Diversification does not necessarily ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. The fund is proportionately subject to the risks associated with its underlying funds, which may invest in stocks (including stocks issued by REITs), bonds, cash, inflation-linked investments, commodity-linked investments, long/short market-neutral investments, and leveraged absolute return investments.
	The Managed Payout Fund may not be appropriate for all investors. For example, depending on the time horizon, retirement income needs, and tax bracket, an investment in the Managed Payout Fund might not be appropriate for younger investors not currently in retirement, in IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts for those investors under 59½, or for participants in employer-sponsored plans. Investors who hold the Managed Payout Fund within a tax-advantaged retirement account should consult their tax advisors to discuss tax consequences that could result if payments are distributed from their core account prior to age 59½ or if they plan to use the Managed Payout Fund, in whole or in part, to meet their required minimum distribution (RMD) obligations. Distributions from the Managed Payout Fund are unlikely to precisely match an investor's IRA RMD obligations. In addition, use of the Managed Payout Fund may be restricted in employer-sponsored plans by the terms of the governing plan documents and/or at the discretion of the plan administrator. Review the information carefully with your financial advisor before deciding whether the Managed Payout Fund is right for you.
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

































Balanced mutual funds for asset allocation | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Fund categories
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps








Vanguard balanced funds


100% of our low-cost balanced funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.*




Get a mix of stocks and bonds in one fund
Combine the potential for income and growth



Balanced mutual funds invest in both bonds, which focus primarily on income, and stocks, which aim for investment growth.

Add stability to your portfolio



The bond portion of the fund helps offset the risks associated with the stock portion—providing you with a "balanced" investment.

Automatically maintain your asset mix



You never have to rebalance a balanced fund—it's done for you automatically. Some funds maintain a set asset mix, while others grow more conservative over time.

Spread out your exposure to risk



By potentially holding hundreds—sometimes thousands—of bonds and stocks in a single balanced fund, you get more diversification than you would buying individual bonds and stocks.

How to choose a balanced fund



Picking a Vanguard balanced fund generally depends on whether you're investing for a specific goal, like retirement, or you have another goal in mind.

Target Retirement Funds



If you're investing for retirement, you can get a complete portfolio in a single fund with a Vanguard Target Retirement Fund. Simply choose a fund based on the date you plan to retire or your current age, and the fund will gradually grow more conservative the closer you get to retirement.
See which Target Retirement Fund fits your timeline


LifeStrategy Funds



If you'd prefer a fund that maintains a set asset mix, a LifeStrategy® Fund can help you reach other financial goals.
Match your risk tolerance to a LifeStrategy Fund


Managed Payout Fund



If you're looking to generate income in retirement, Vanguard Managed Payout Fund** might be appropriate for you.
Get income from the Managed Payout Fund


Traditional balanced funds



If you'd like a set asset allocation based on the level of risk you're comfortable with, choose from a variety of traditional index or actively managed balanced funds.
See a complete list of Vanguard balanced funds

Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



LEARN ABOUT OTHER FUND TYPES

Money market funds

Bond funds

Stock funds

International funds

Sector & specialty funds
NEED SOME GUIDANCE?

Get help & advice to narrow your options





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Balanced mutual funds







Balanced mutual funds invest in stocks, bonds, and sometimes cash or other investments—all in a single fund.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Rebalancing







Rebalancing involves periodically buying and selling the stocks, bonds, cash, or other investments in your portfolio to maintain your original or desired mix of those assets.




Return to main page








footnote*For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 23 of 23 Vanguard balanced funds outperformed their Lipper peer-group averages. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds and ETFs (exchange-traded funds) with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
footnote**Vanguard Managed Payout Fund is protected by U.S. Patent Nos. 8,180,695 and 8,185,464.
	Investments in Target Retirement Funds are subject to the risks of their underlying funds. The year in the fund name refers to the approximate year (the target date) when an investor in the fund would retire and leave the workforce. The fund will gradually shift its emphasis from more aggressive investments to more conservative ones based on its target date. An investment in a Target Retirement Fund is not guaranteed at any time, including on or after the target date.
	Each LifeStrategy Fund invests in 4 broadly diversified Vanguard funds and is subject to the risks associated with those underlying funds.
	The Managed Payout Fund is not guaranteed to achieve its investment objectives, is subject to loss, and some of its distributions may be treated in part as a return of capital. The dollar amount of the fund's monthly cash distributions could go up or down substantially from one year to the next and over time. It is also possible for the fund to suffer substantial investment losses and simultaneously experience additional asset reductions as a result of its distributions to shareholders under its managed-distribution policy. An investment in the fund could lose money over short, intermediate, or even long periods of time because the fund allocates its assets worldwide across different asset classes and investments with specific risk and return characteristics. Diversification does not necessarily ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. The fund is proportionately subject to the risks associated with its underlying funds, which may invest in stocks (including stocks issued by REITs), bonds, cash, inflation-linked investments, commodity-linked investments, long/short market-neutral investments, and leveraged absolute return investments.
	The Managed Payout Fund may not be appropriate for all investors. For example, depending on the time horizon, retirement income needs, and tax bracket, an investment in the Managed Payout Fund might not be appropriate for younger investors not currently in retirement, in IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts for those investors under 59½, or for participants in employer-sponsored plans. Investors who hold the Managed Payout Fund within a tax-advantaged retirement account should consult their tax advisors to discuss tax consequences that could result if payments are distributed from their core account prior to age 59½ or if they plan to use the Managed Payout Fund, in whole or in part, to meet their required minimum distribution (RMD) obligations. Distributions from the Managed Payout Fund are unlikely to precisely match an investor's IRA RMD obligations. In addition, use of the Managed Payout Fund may be restricted in employer-sponsored plans by the terms of the governing plan documents and/or at the discretion of the plan administrator. Review the information carefully with your financial advisor before deciding whether the Managed Payout Fund is right for you.
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

































No-load mutual funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Low-cost, no-load funds are just the start
Get the most for your money: low costs, diligent fund management, and exceptional service.
What you can expect from Vanguard no-load mutual funds








We keep your investing costs low
The average Vanguard no-load mutual fund expense ratio is 83% less than the industry average.*What does that mean for you? When less is taken out of your funds' earnings to cover expenses, more stays in your account—where it belongs.
See the difference low-cost mutual funds can make

See how Admiral™ Shares help lower your costs even more

Get details on fees & minimums for Vanguard mutual funds

 




We have a track record of competitive long-term performance
94% of Vanguard no-load mutual funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.**
Explore different types of mutual funds

 




We hire top mutual fund managers
If you're looking for index funds, look no further. Our Equity Investment and Fixed Income Groups have the experience and expertise you'd expect from the company that launched the first index fund for individual investors.
Learn how index funds could help lower long-term costs
You can also check out our wide selection of actively managed funds. We complement our in-house teams with portfolio managers from around the world, chosen based on their expertise in specific areas of the markets.
Find out if actively managed funds could help you beat the market

 

Want an outside opinion?



Money magazine named 17 Vanguard funds on its "Money 50" list—more than any other fund company.
Find out which Vanguard funds made the list***


What you can expect every day as a Vanguard client








The help you need, when you need it
Whether you're handling day-to-day account management tasks or taking an in-depth look at your portfolio, you can count on the high-quality service you'd expect from an industry leader.
Get help & advice to narrow your options

 




Opportunities for higher levels of personal attention
As your account grows, you can look forward to decreasing costs and increasing levels of personalization and advice.
See what you get as a Voyager or Flagship Services client

 




All the investment flexibility you want
Interested in expanding your portfolio beyond Vanguard mutual funds? With a Vanguard Brokerage Account, you can choose from more than 60 Vanguard ETFs®, gain access to more than 14,000 non-Vanguard mutual funds, or complement your portfolio with individual stocks, bonds, and certificates of deposit (CDs).
Experience the Vanguard ETF® advantage

Invest in stocks, bonds, CDs & funds from other companies

 





Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



PAYING TOO MUCH FOR OTHER FUNDS?

Compare a non-Vanguard fund with a similar Vanguard fund
WANT TO LEARN MORE?

Get more basic mutual fund information





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Expense ratio







A mutual fund's annual operating expenses, expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets. It's calculated annually and removed from the fund's earnings before they're distributed to investors, directly reducing investors' returns.An expense ratio includes management, administrative, marketing, and distribution fees. It doesn't include loads or purchase or redemption fees.




Return to main page








footnote*Vanguard average mutual fund expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.69%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
footnote**For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 9 of 9 Vanguard money market funds, 51 of 54 Vanguard bond funds, 23 of 23 Vanguard balanced funds, and 99 of 107 Vanguard stock funds—for a total of 182 of 193 Vanguard funds—outperformed their Lipper peer-group average. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
footnote***The "Money 50" list published in the January/February 2017 Investor's Guide of Money magazine is based on mutual funds and ETFs that are low-cost and produce long-term returns that match or beat their benchmarks. Past performance cannot be used to predict future returns. Fund share prices will fluctuate, so investors could lose money if they sell when prices have fallen.
You must buy and sell Vanguard ETF Shares through a broker like Vanguard Brokerage Services (we offer them commission-free) or through another broker (you may incur commissions). See the Vanguard Brokerage Services commission and fee schedules for limits. Vanguard ETF Shares aren't redeemable directly with the issuing fund other than very large aggregations worth millions of dollars. Like stocks, ETFs are subject to market volatility. When buying or selling an ETF, you'll pay or receive the current market price, which may be more or less than net asset value.

	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

































Index funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Index vs. active funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Index funds could help lower long-term costs
Get the high quality and low costs you'd expect from the company that introduced indexing to individual investors.
What are index mutual funds?



Instead of hiring fund managers to actively select which stocks or bonds the fund will hold, an index fund buys all (or a representative sample) of the securities in a specific index, like the S&P 500 Index.The goal of an index fund is to track the performance of a specific market benchmark as closely as possible. That's why you may hear it referred to as a "passively managed" fund.

Index funds offer built-in benefits








Low costs
Because index funds hold investments until the index itself changes, they generally have lower management and transaction costs.
 




Lower risk through broader diversification
Some index funds give you exposure to potentially thousands of securities in a single fund.
 




Tax efficiency
Broad index funds generally don't trade as much as actively managed funds might, so they're typically generating less taxable income, which reduces the drag on your investments.
 
Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds 

Could actively managed funds help you beat the market?

Read more about what you should consider when choosing an index fund


You can get an index fund anywhere—why Vanguard?








We started the indexing revolution
Vanguard launched the first index fund for individual investors in 1976, and we've been fine-tuning both our benchmark selections and tracking skills ever since.Today, we have more than 60 unique funds that track indexes across the bond and stock markets, both U.S. and international, as well as sector-specific areas of the markets.
See a complete list of Vanguard index funds 

 




We've made it our business to keep your costs low
The average Vanguard index fund expense ratio is 71% less than the industry average.*
See the difference low-cost mutual funds can make 

See how Admiral™ Shares help lower your costs even more 

 


Low-cost investing for everyone



Our passion for low costs will always be our driving force. When others take notice, expense ratios fall more broadly. Everyone wins!
Learn more about The Vanguard Effect™


How would index funds fit into your portfolio?



Because of their low costs, broader diversification, and tax efficiency, index funds could be appropriate for any portion of your portfolio. In fact, the right balance of four of our broadest index funds could give you a complete portfolio, with full exposure to U.S. and international stock and bond markets.Get details on:
Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund 

Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund 

Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund 

Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 
Need to figure out how much of your money to put into each of these funds? Start with your asset allocation—meaning, the combination of funds that could help you reach your goals.
Set your asset allocation with our investor questionnaire






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



INTERESTED IN ETFs?
Choose from more than 60 Vanguard ETFs® covering the U.S. and international stock and bond markets as well as industry-specific sectors.
Experience the Vanguard ETF® advantage





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Could actively managed funds help you beat the market?







Consider what's happened over the past 15 years1—only about 11% of active stock fund managers and 13% of active bond fund managers have outperformed their designated benchmarks.When you're trying to track the markets and not beat them, you can worry less about how accurate your predictions may be.




Active stock fund managers

				11% outperformed benchmarks.

				89% underperformed benchmarks.


 




Active bond fund managers

				13% outperformed benchmarks.

				87% underperformed benchmarks.


 




footnote1Sources: Vanguard calculations, using data from Morningstar, Inc. Based on funds' excess returns relative to their prospectus benchmark for the 15-year period ending December 31, 2016.



Return to main page







Layer opened.Asset allocation







The way an investment portfolio is divided among the broader asset classes of stocks, bonds, and short-term reserves. Also known as "asset mix."




Return to main page








footnote*Vanguard average index fund expense ratio: 0.08%. Industry average index fund expense ratio: 0.28%. Vanguard average expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.62%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. Bond funds are subject to the risk that an issuer will fail to make payments on time and that bond prices will decline because of rising interest rates or negative perceptions of an issuer's ability to make payments. Investments in stocks issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk, which is the chance that political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions; and currency risk, which is the chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in U.S. dollars, will decrease because of unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates. Funds that concentrate on a relatively narrow market sector face the risk of higher share-price volatility. Past performance is no guarantee of future returns. The performance of an index is not an exact representation of any particular investment, as you cannot invest directly in an index.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

































Index funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 




Choose your funds
 




Index vs. active funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Index funds could help lower long-term costs
Get the high quality and low costs you'd expect from the company that introduced indexing to individual investors.
What are index mutual funds?



Instead of hiring fund managers to actively select which stocks or bonds the fund will hold, an index fund buys all (or a representative sample) of the securities in a specific index, like the S&P 500 Index.The goal of an index fund is to track the performance of a specific market benchmark as closely as possible. That's why you may hear it referred to as a "passively managed" fund.

Index funds offer built-in benefits








Low costs
Because index funds hold investments until the index itself changes, they generally have lower management and transaction costs.
 




Lower risk through broader diversification
Some index funds give you exposure to potentially thousands of securities in a single fund.
 




Tax efficiency
Broad index funds generally don't trade as much as actively managed funds might, so they're typically generating less taxable income, which reduces the drag on your investments.
 
Compare index funds vs. actively managed funds 

Could actively managed funds help you beat the market?

Read more about what you should consider when choosing an index fund


You can get an index fund anywhere—why Vanguard?








We started the indexing revolution
Vanguard launched the first index fund for individual investors in 1976, and we've been fine-tuning both our benchmark selections and tracking skills ever since.Today, we have more than 60 unique funds that track indexes across the bond and stock markets, both U.S. and international, as well as sector-specific areas of the markets.
See a complete list of Vanguard index funds 

 




We've made it our business to keep your costs low
The average Vanguard index fund expense ratio is 71% less than the industry average.*
See the difference low-cost mutual funds can make 

See how Admiral™ Shares help lower your costs even more 

 


Low-cost investing for everyone



Our passion for low costs will always be our driving force. When others take notice, expense ratios fall more broadly. Everyone wins!
Learn more about The Vanguard Effect™


How would index funds fit into your portfolio?



Because of their low costs, broader diversification, and tax efficiency, index funds could be appropriate for any portion of your portfolio. In fact, the right balance of four of our broadest index funds could give you a complete portfolio, with full exposure to U.S. and international stock and bond markets.Get details on:
Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund 

Vanguard Total International Bond Index Fund 

Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund 

Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 
Need to figure out how much of your money to put into each of these funds? Start with your asset allocation—meaning, the combination of funds that could help you reach your goals.
Set your asset allocation with our investor questionnaire






Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



INTERESTED IN ETFs?
Choose from more than 60 Vanguard ETFs® covering the U.S. and international stock and bond markets as well as industry-specific sectors.
Experience the Vanguard ETF® advantage





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Market benchmark







An unmanaged group of securities whose overall performance is used as a standard to measure investment performance.




Return to main page







Layer opened.Could actively managed funds help you beat the market?







Consider what's happened over the past 15 years1—only about 11% of active stock fund managers and 13% of active bond fund managers have outperformed their designated benchmarks.When you're trying to track the markets and not beat them, you can worry less about how accurate your predictions may be.




Active stock fund managers

				11% outperformed benchmarks.

				89% underperformed benchmarks.


 




Active bond fund managers

				13% outperformed benchmarks.

				87% underperformed benchmarks.


 




footnote1Sources: Vanguard calculations, using data from Morningstar, Inc. Based on funds' excess returns relative to their prospectus benchmark for the 15-year period ending December 31, 2016.



Return to main page







Layer opened.Asset allocation







The way an investment portfolio is divided among the broader asset classes of stocks, bonds, and short-term reserves. Also known as "asset mix."




Return to main page








footnote*Vanguard average index fund expense ratio: 0.08%. Industry average index fund expense ratio: 0.28%. Vanguard average expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.62%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. Bond funds are subject to the risk that an issuer will fail to make payments on time and that bond prices will decline because of rising interest rates or negative perceptions of an issuer's ability to make payments. Investments in stocks issued by non-U.S. companies are subject to risks including country/regional risk, which is the chance that political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions; and currency risk, which is the chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in U.S. dollars, will decrease because of unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates. Funds that concentrate on a relatively narrow market sector face the risk of higher share-price volatility. Past performance is no guarantee of future returns. The performance of an index is not an exact representation of any particular investment, as you cannot invest directly in an index.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

































No-load mutual funds | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Low-cost, no-load funds are just the start
Get the most for your money: low costs, diligent fund management, and exceptional service.
What you can expect from Vanguard no-load mutual funds








We keep your investing costs low
The average Vanguard no-load mutual fund expense ratio is 83% less than the industry average.*What does that mean for you? When less is taken out of your funds' earnings to cover expenses, more stays in your account—where it belongs.
See the difference low-cost mutual funds can make

See how Admiral™ Shares help lower your costs even more

Get details on fees & minimums for Vanguard mutual funds

 




We have a track record of competitive long-term performance
94% of Vanguard no-load mutual funds performed better than their peer-group averages over the past 10 years.**
Explore different types of mutual funds

 




We hire top mutual fund managers
If you're looking for index funds, look no further. Our Equity Investment and Fixed Income Groups have the experience and expertise you'd expect from the company that launched the first index fund for individual investors.
Learn how index funds could help lower long-term costs
You can also check out our wide selection of actively managed funds. We complement our in-house teams with portfolio managers from around the world, chosen based on their expertise in specific areas of the markets.
Find out if actively managed funds could help you beat the market

 

Want an outside opinion?



Money magazine named 17 Vanguard funds on its "Money 50" list—more than any other fund company.
Find out which Vanguard funds made the list***


What you can expect every day as a Vanguard client








The help you need, when you need it
Whether you're handling day-to-day account management tasks or taking an in-depth look at your portfolio, you can count on the high-quality service you'd expect from an industry leader.
Get help & advice to narrow your options

 




Opportunities for higher levels of personal attention
As your account grows, you can look forward to decreasing costs and increasing levels of personalization and advice.
See what you get as a Voyager or Flagship Services client

 




All the investment flexibility you want
Interested in expanding your portfolio beyond Vanguard mutual funds? With a Vanguard Brokerage Account, you can choose from more than 60 Vanguard ETFs®, gain access to more than 14,000 non-Vanguard mutual funds, or complement your portfolio with individual stocks, bonds, and certificates of deposit (CDs).
Experience the Vanguard ETF® advantage

Invest in stocks, bonds, CDs & funds from other companies

 





Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



PAYING TOO MUCH FOR OTHER FUNDS?

Compare a non-Vanguard fund with a similar Vanguard fund
WANT TO LEARN MORE?

Get more basic mutual fund information





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.Expense ratio







A mutual fund's annual operating expenses, expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets. It's calculated annually and removed from the fund's earnings before they're distributed to investors, directly reducing investors' returns.An expense ratio includes management, administrative, marketing, and distribution fees. It doesn't include loads or purchase or redemption fees.




Return to main page








footnote*Vanguard average mutual fund expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.69%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
footnote**For the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017, 9 of 9 Vanguard money market funds, 51 of 54 Vanguard bond funds, 23 of 23 Vanguard balanced funds, and 99 of 107 Vanguard stock funds—for a total of 182 of 193 Vanguard funds—outperformed their Lipper peer-group average. Results will vary for other time periods. Only mutual funds with a minimum 10-year history were included in the comparison. Source: Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company. The competitive performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. View fund performance
footnote***The "Money 50" list published in the January/February 2017 Investor's Guide of Money magazine is based on mutual funds and ETFs that are low-cost and produce long-term returns that match or beat their benchmarks. Past performance cannot be used to predict future returns. Fund share prices will fluctuate, so investors could lose money if they sell when prices have fallen.
You must buy and sell Vanguard ETF Shares through a broker like Vanguard Brokerage Services (we offer them commission-free) or through another broker (you may incur commissions). See the Vanguard Brokerage Services commission and fee schedules for limits. Vanguard ETF Shares aren't redeemable directly with the issuing fund other than very large aggregations worth millions of dollars. Like stocks, ETFs are subject to market volatility. When buying or selling an ETF, you'll pay or receive the current market price, which may be more or less than net asset value.

	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01

























      Nationwide Financial Agrees to Buy
Provident Mutual for $1.56 Billion - WSJ
    































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      ‘Skinny’ Repeal of Obamacare Fails in Senate
                    











                      Senators Move to Block Trump From Ousting Sessions
                    











                      Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers
                    











                      Pakistan Prime Minister Removed From Office Over Panama Papers
                    











                      An American Scourge, Fentanyl, Is Now Stinging Law Enforcement
                    











                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Russia to Kick Out Some U.S. Diplomats Over Sanctions
                    











                      Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Fans of Niche Digital Brands Flock to Live Events
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                        The A-hed
                      

                      Spain Has a Debt Problem and So Now It Has a Zorro Problem
                    









 



 




 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                  Money & Investing
              




Nationwide Financial Agrees to Buy
Provident Mutual for $1.56 Billion

 






By

Amy Merrick Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
          


  Updated Aug. 9, 2001 12:01 a.m. ET





In a deal that will expand the sales force for its insurance products, Nationwide Financial Services Inc. said it will buy Provident Mutual Life Insurance Co. for about $1.56 billion. The acquisition will allow Nationwide to use the nearly 800 financial consultants that work for Provident Mutual to sell Nationwide's products, which include annuities, mutual funds and pension plans. "The No. 1 thing for us was that Provident represented a new channel of distribution," said Jerry Jurgensen, Nationwide's chairman...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?








Opinion: The Post-Hillary Democrats





 



 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?








Opinion: The Post-Hillary Democrats





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 













