










 




	PROVISION Trademark of Provision Healthcare, LLC. Serial Number: 85693822 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
PROVISION










 
Get FREE email alerts













PROVISION  Trademark Information
 Provision Healthcare, LLC
Business management and consulting for health care providers and related businesses
Medical and healthcare services, namely, diagnostic imaging, cancer treatment, and health and wellness programs for health management; and medical services, namely, radiopharmacy nuclear medicine services




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 





Words that describe this mark
business   management   consulting   health   care   providers   related   businesses    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PROVISION trademark by Provision Healthcare, LLC 
                                in Knoxville, TN, 379092442.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PROVISION trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Provision Healthcare, LLC of the PROVISION trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PROVISION trademark.
                           






On Thursday, August 02, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PROVISION by 
                        Provision Healthcare, LLC, Knoxville, TN  379092442.
                        The USPTO has given the PROVISION 
                        trademark serial  number of  85693822.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for PROVISION is 
                        
                        
                                            ROBERT E. PITTS of 
                                            PITTS AND LAKE, P.C.,  PO BOX 51295, KNOXVILLE, TN 37950-1295 
                                .
                            The PROVISION trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                , 
                                    Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PROVISION 
                            is Business management and consulting for health care providers and related businesses. 
                            





Word mark:
 PROVISION


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

4/23/2013



  Serial Number:  
85693822


  Filing Date:  
8/2/2012


 Registration Number:  
4323478 


 Registration Date:  
4/23/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Business management and consulting for health care providers and related businesses


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a stylized image of a person with a stylized image of the sun over said person's head and the word "provision" to the right of the stylized image of said person.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/5/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Provision Healthcare, LLCKnoxville, TN  379092442
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Sun, rising or setting (partially exposed or partially obstructed)  (Celestial bodies, Natural phenomena, Geographical maps  -  sun) see more design...


                                                    Grotesque men formed by letters, numbers, punctuation or geometric shapes  (Human Beings  -  Men) see more design...


                                                     Geometric figures or combinations of geometric figures representing a person (Supernatural beings, Mythological or Legendary beings, Fantastical beings or unidentifiable beings  -  Plants, objects or geometric figures representing a person or an animal) see more design...


                                                    Circles that are totally or partially shaded. (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Curved line(s), band(s) or bar(s) (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ROBERT E. PITTS
PITTS AND LAKE, P.C.
PO BOX 51295
KNOXVILLE, TN 37950-1295






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/1/2011


First Use In Commerce: 
5/1/2011




Primary Class: 
 Class (044) - Medical services; veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care for human beings or animals; agriculture, horticulture and forestry services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/1/2011


First Use In Commerce: 
5/1/2011





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PROVISION trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/23/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ROBERT E. PITTS


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PROVISION trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search provision on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PROVISION 




PROVISION is providing Business management and consulting for health care providers and related businesses.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















PROVISION HEALTHCARE LLC Knoxville TN, 37909 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Health Services
Provision Healthcare LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Provision Healthcare LLC



1400 Dowell Springs Blvd

Knoxville,
							
							
							 TN
							
							
							 37909-2456
							
							 |  view map


(865) 684-2616

www.provisiontherapy.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

PROVISION HEALTHCARE LLC is in the Offices and Clinics of Doctors of Medicine industry in Knoxville, TN.  This company currently has approximately 10 to 20 employees  and  annual sales of $1,000,000 to $4,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Offices and Clinics of Doctors of Medicine
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2010
					

Sales Range:
						$1,000,000 to $4,999,999
					

Employees:
						10 to 20


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records

Yes



Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc


Hammer & CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Coats Electric CO Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Walbro


Ideal Construction CO


Barnes & Noble








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
✪


								4.5
							


							( Based on
							
							2
							Ratings
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								2
								reviews)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Provision Healthcare LLC
Rate Provision Healthcare LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Provision Healthcare LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VUDEN INC
VOLTAIRE
VOGUE
VOGT JAMES B MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
CONTORNO INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
ADVENT I LLC
GOODY 2 SHOES

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

PANALPINA INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
AZURADISC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Provision Healthcare, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:59 AM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Provision Healthcare, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Provision Healthcare, LLC develops healthcare solutions that are focused on improving patient care and clinical outcomes. The company develops and commercializes positron emission tomography scanners for early diagnosis of cancer. It serves customers worldwide. Provision Healthcare, LLC was founded in 2005 and is based in Knoxville, Tennessee.


1400 Dowell Springs BoulevardSuite 350Knoxville, TN 37909United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 865-684-2616

Fax: 865-684-2611

www.provisionha.com







Key Executives for Provision Healthcare, LLC




Dr. Terry D. Douglass Ph.D.


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 74
        







 David Raubach


      	Vice President of Operations
      








Ms. Mary Lou DuBois 


      	President of Provision Provider Services
      








 Chris Brown


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      








 Michael J. Sommi


      	Executive Vice President and Legal Counsel
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Provision Healthcare, LLC Key Developments

Provision Healthcare and Hamlin Retail Partners West Announce New Proton Therapy Center and Medical Campus at Hamlin Town Center West
Sep 26 16
Provision Healthcare and Hamlin Retail Partners West announced a joint venture to develop and operate a proton therapy center as part of a medical campus in Hamlin, an 850-acre mixed-use town center development in southwest Orange County. Hamlin’s proton therapy treatment center will be a three-treatment room center and will utilize the latest proton systems technology of ProNova Solutions, LLC, which is an affiliate of Provision. It is projected that approximately 1,000 patients per year can be treated at the proton center.  The parties plan to develop other medical office buildings and associated facilities on the campus to provide additional complementary cancer services at Hamlin.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      August 4, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Provision Healthcare, LLC, please visit www.provisionha.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Culture of Care Provision Healthcare






















 Provision Healthcare



























HomeAbout UsCampusLeadershipCareersCulture of CarePartnersMedia RoomCareersContact Us







Provision’s “Culture of CARE” marks a new standard of excellence in patient care. Provision focuses on respecting the dignity and value of every person. Patient care and patient experience are integral to a successful patient recovery and outcome. Provision is sensitive to every step of the patient’s journey and also considers the needs of family members and caregivers. Programs are in place with trained and certifi ed staff to ensure all needs are met for patients and family. Provision is driven by a commitment to innovation, while caring for the patient.










Contact
1400 Dowell Springs Boulevard, Suite 350
Knoxville, TN 37909
phone: 865.684.2616
email: info@provisionha.com


Links
HomePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use


Social Feed
 Check out our progress! https://t.co/2BOQkvs0er @ScottHamilton84 @rswarwick @ProtonTherapyT https://t.co/bbgkw1Me8P 07-27-2017


© 2017 Provision Healthcare,
				All rights reserved.











Provision Solutions Provision Healthcare






















 Provision Healthcare



























HomeAbout UsCampusLeadershipCareersCulture of CarePartnersMedia RoomCareersContact Us
































Provision Solutions

6450 Provision Care Way, Knoxville, TN 37909
phone: 855.566.1600



Provision offers the most advanced cancer treatment options throughout the world with the knowhow and solutions that make proton therapy more accessible for healthcare providers. 
To further differentiate our solutions, Provision proton centers provide a unique “Culture of Care” for its patients during an especially vulnerable time in coping with their cancer. Provision is “Making Proton Therapy a Clinical Reality” for patients and healthcare providers.
 

 (download hi-resolution graphic here)

 Provision Solutions offers assistance and guidance in the following areas:
Accessing International Cancer Care Network(s)
Strategic Partnerships
Facility Development
Clinical and Operational Training
Proton Therapy Systems **the ProNova SC360 proton therapy system has received FDA 510(k) Clearance**


 







Contact
1400 Dowell Springs Boulevard, Suite 350
Knoxville, TN 37909
phone: 865.684.2616
email: info@provisionha.com


Links
HomePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use


Social Feed
 Check out our progress! https://t.co/2BOQkvs0er @ScottHamilton84 @rswarwick @ProtonTherapyT https://t.co/bbgkw1Me8P 07-27-2017


© 2017 Provision Healthcare,
				All rights reserved.










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













ProNova Solutions Provision Healthcare






















 Provision Healthcare



























HomeAbout UsCampusLeadershipCareersCulture of CarePartnersMedia RoomCareersContact Us




































ProNova Solutions

330 Pellissippi Place, Maryville, TN 37804
​phone: 865.862.4100 toll-free: 855.422.4100



ProNova is redefining the future of cancer treatment by delivering a lower-cost, smaller, lighter and more energy efficient proton therapy solution without sacrificing today’s most important clinical capabilities.
It’s connection with the Provision Proton Therapy Center ensures patients benefit from the latest developments in this cancer treatment technology.







Contact
1400 Dowell Springs Boulevard, Suite 350
Knoxville, TN 37909
phone: 865.684.2616
email: info@provisionha.com


Links
HomePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use


Social Feed
 Check out our progress! https://t.co/2BOQkvs0er @ScottHamilton84 @rswarwick @ProtonTherapyT https://t.co/bbgkw1Me8P 07-27-2017


© 2017 Provision Healthcare,
				All rights reserved.











Home Provision Healthcare






















 Provision Healthcare



























HomeAbout UsCampusLeadershipCareersCulture of CarePartnersMedia RoomCareersContact Us












Provision Healthcare Receives FDA Clearance of the ProNova SC360 Proton Therapy System







Provision Healthcare is committed to the development of new, innovative healthcare product and service solutions that will make major improvements in cancer patient care and outcomes.



ProvisionSolutions



Providing the most advanced cancer treatment options throughout the world with the knowledge and solutions that make proton therapy a clinical reality for healthcare providers.



Provision  Center for  Proton Therapy



The Provision Center for Proton Therapy is the first proton therapy cancer treatment center in the mid-South region of the US, offering the most advanced cancer treatment in the world.







Proton therapy is often the optimal option for prostate cancer patients compared to alternatives such as surgery and conventional radiation therapy, yet many men aren’t aware of the treatment or the potential benefits. Read the report…












  Provision Healthcare, LLC, was formed in 2005 with the purpose of developing innovative healthcare solutions focused on improving patient care and clinical outcomes and developing support for research, educational, and charitable causes. Provision has developed a unique, comprehensive expertise in proton therapy that distinguishes us from other equipment suppliers and proton and cancer center developers and operators that have a much narrower focus. The combination of our unique expertise and innovative, entrepreneurial approach continues to propel Provision towards a position of industry leadership with respect to both cancer care and proton therapy. 




Partners

Provision Healthcare
Provision Center for Proton Therapy
Provision Solutions
ProNova Solutions
Provision Health Partners
Provision Radiation Therapy
Provision Diagnostic Imaging
Provision Health & Fitness
Provision Physical Therapy
Center for Biomedical  Research
Provision CARES Foundation
Tennessee Cancer Specialists
Knoxville Comprehensive  Breast Center
Provision CARES Cancer Center
Association of University Radiologists
Genesis Brain Health Institute







News

Provision Healthcare Advances Provision CARES Proton Therapy Center Development in Franklin 20 Jul 2017
Provision Healthcare to Develop $100 Million Advanced Cancer Treatment Center in New Orleans 21 Apr 2017
Provision Healthcare Receives FDA Clearance of the ProNova SC360 Proton Therapy System 08 Dec 2016
Provision Healthcare Announces National Survey Results 27 Sep 2016




Initiatives


The Provision Center for Proton Therapy is the first proton therapy cancer treatment center in the mid-South region of the US, offering the most advanced cancer treatment in the world.




Opportunities

 Provision CARES Proton therapy Center - Radiation Therapist 2nd Shift 11 Jul 2017
 Provision Solutions –  Vice President, and Chief Talent Management and Culture Officer 12 Jun 2017
 Provision Center for Proton Therapy – Patient Care Coordinator 08 Jun 2017
 ProNova Solutions – Senior Maintenance and Service Engineer 04 May 2017







Our Commitment

The development

of new, innovative healthcare product and service solutions that will make major improvements in patient care and outcomes


A healthcare provider model in which the patient is better served through physician and hospital system cooperation and partnership


Sharing our gifts and resources with those in need as a witness of God’s love for man










Contact
1400 Dowell Springs Boulevard, Suite 350
Knoxville, TN 37909
phone: 865.684.2616
email: info@provisionha.com


Links
HomePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use


Social Feed
 Check out our progress! https://t.co/2BOQkvs0er @ScottHamilton84 @rswarwick @ProtonTherapyT https://t.co/bbgkw1Me8P 07-27-2017


© 2017 Provision Healthcare,
				All rights reserved.









Provision Healthcare, LLC                                                                                                - Knoxville                                         , TN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TN



Knoxville



Health and Allied Services, Nec



Physical Examination Service, Insurance



                            Provision Healthcare, LLC
                                    



 





















P 


Provision Healthcare, LLC                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2095 LAKESIDE CENTRE WAY # 101 KNOXVILLE, TN 37922
Get Directions



(865) 691-8141
www.provisioncares.org                                                                                  





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $841,766.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Physical Examination Service, Insurance
 Contacts Jorge L Amezcua                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Provision Healthcare, Llc                                                                                                was founded in 2010, and is located at 2095 Lakeside Centre Way # 101 in Knoxville. Additional information is available at www.provisioncares.org                                                                                   or by contacting Jorge L Amezcua                                                                                                          at (865) 691-8141. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Contact Us Provision Healthcare






















 Provision Healthcare



























HomeAbout UsCampusLeadershipCareersCulture of CarePartnersMedia RoomCareersContact Us





We would love to hear from you! To get in touch with us, simply fill out the form below, and someone will be in touch with you shortly.





View Larger Mapembed google mapProvision Healthcare
1400 Dowell Springs Boulevard, Suite 350 Knoxville, TN 37909 


Main Office phone: 865.684.2616
Toll Free: 1.888.684.2611
​email: info@provisionha.com




















Contact
1400 Dowell Springs Boulevard, Suite 350
Knoxville, TN 37909
phone: 865.684.2616
email: info@provisionha.com


Links
HomePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use


Social Feed
 Check out our progress! https://t.co/2BOQkvs0er @ScottHamilton84 @rswarwick @ProtonTherapyT https://t.co/bbgkw1Me8P 07-27-2017


© 2017 Provision Healthcare,
				All rights reserved.











Media Room Provision Healthcare






















 Provision Healthcare



























HomeAbout UsCampusLeadershipCareersCulture of CarePartnersMedia RoomCareersContact Us











Provision Healthcare Advances Provision CARES Proton Therapy Center Development in Franklin
									
										 Provision Healthcare Advances Provision CARES Proton Therapy Center Development in Franklin with Arrival of Cyclotron

  Franklin, Tennessee (July 20, 2017) - - Provision Healthcare is developing another advanced comprehensive Provision CARES Cancer Center in Franklin, TN which will include one of the most promising new cancer therapies now available - proton therapy....

									
									20 Jul 2017

Provision Healthcare to Develop $100 Million Advanced Cancer Treatment Center in New Orleans
									
										 Provision Healthcare to Develop $100 Million Advanced Cancer Treatment Center in New Orleans
 

  Louisiana Proton Therapy Center will be housed on University Medical Center campus in city’s biomedical corridor

  NEW ORLEANS — Today, Gov. John Bel Edwards and Provision Healthcare CEO Terry Douglass announced the company and its partners will make...

									
									21 Apr 2017

Provision Healthcare Receives FDA Clearance of the ProNova SC360 Proton Therapy System
									
										 Provision Healthcare Receives FDA Clearance of the ProNova SC360 Proton Therapy System

  Knoxville, Tennessee, USA (December 8, 2016)—Provision Healthcare’s research, development and manufacturing subsidiary, ProNova Solutions, has received FDA 510(k) clearance for its SC360 proton therapy system only four years ­after commencing research and development. This is the first and...

									
									08 Dec 2016

Provision Healthcare Announces National Survey Results
									
										 Provision Healthcare Announces National Survey ResultsMen treated for prostate cancer using proton therapy reported significantly better quality of life than other therapy options

  Knoxville, TN (September 27, 2016) — A national survey released today reported that men treated for prostate cancer who received proton therapy reported significantly better quality of life during and...

									
									27 Sep 2016

Provision Healthcare and Hamlin Retail Partners West Announce New Proton Therapy Center and…
									
										 Provision Healthcare and Hamlin Retail Partners West Announce New Proton Therapy Center and Medical Campus at Hamlin Town Center West in Orlando, Florida 


Knoxville, Tennessee and Orlando, Florida (September 26, 2016) - - Provision Healthcare and Hamlin Retail Partners West, an affiliate of Boyd Development Corporation and Schrimsher Properties, announced a joint...

									
									26 Sep 2016

Provision Healthcare Celebrates Construction of the Scott Hamilton Proton Therapy Center
									
										 Provision Healthcare Celebrates Construction of the Scott Hamilton Proton Therapy Center

  Franklin, TN (September 25, 2016)— Construction has been underway at the Scott Hamilton Proton Therapy Center, which will deliver state-of-the-art cancer treatment to patients, in Franklin, Tennessee and beyond.

  The two-story building includes three treatment rooms along with clinical and administrative...

									
									25 Sep 2016

Provision Asia and Shenzhen Hairong International Medical Development form Joint Venture
									
										 

   Provision Asia and Shenzhen Hairong International Medical Development form Joint Venture to Develop Proton Centers and Cancer Centers in China
 
 Knoxville, Tennessee, USA. (June 3, 2016) Provision Asia (HK), Limited, a company organized and existing under the laws of Hong Kong, (“Provision Asia”) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Provision Healthcare, LLC, and...

									
									03 Jun 2016

Provision Launches First International Proton Therapy Research & Training Center in China
									
										  

 On May 12, 2016, Provision Healthcare and Tianjin Taishan Cancer Hospital - International Personalized Cancer Center (IPCC) held the “Tianjin Free Trade Zone Sino-American Proton Therapy International Summit” in Tianjin*. During the summit, Provision and Tianjin IPCC entered into agreement to launch the first international Proton Therapy Clinical Research & Training Center...

									
									27 May 2016

Genesis Brain Health to open in September
									
										 Andrew Dougherty and Mike Mursten, two men who share a passion to combat Alzheimer’s Disease (AD), have founded the Genesis Brain Health Institute to offer a medically based program aimed at baby boomers that has been shown to delay, and in some cases even reverse, cognitive decline. “Current medical...

									
									19 May 2016

Provision medical director speaks at ASTRO on benefits of SpaceOAR gel product
									
										 Knoxville, TN (Oct. 19, 2015)—ASTRO Booth #250—Marcio Fagundes, M.D., medical director ofProvision Center for Proton Therapy, will speak today in San Antonio, Texas, at the 57th annual meeting of the American Society for Radiation Oncology (ASTRO) on the results of using a product that helps protect prostate cancer patients from...

									
									19 Oct 2015

Page 1 of 5 pages  1 2 3 >  Last ›




Media



Images















Videos









Contact
1400 Dowell Springs Boulevard, Suite 350
Knoxville, TN 37909
phone: 865.684.2616
email: info@provisionha.com


Links
HomePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use


Social Feed
 Check out our progress! https://t.co/2BOQkvs0er @ScottHamilton84 @rswarwick @ProtonTherapyT https://t.co/bbgkw1Me8P 07-27-2017


© 2017 Provision Healthcare,
				All rights reserved.











About Us Provision Healthcare






















 Provision Healthcare



























HomeAbout UsCampusLeadershipCareersCulture of CarePartnersMedia RoomCareersContact Us











Vision

Provision Healthcare, LLC, was formed in 2005 with the purpose of developing innovative healthcare solutions focused on improving patient care and clinical outcomes and developing support for research, educational, and charitable causes. Provision has developed a unique, comprehensive expertise in proton therapy that distinguishes us from other equipment suppliers and proton and cancer center developers and operators that have a much narrower focus. The combination of our unique expertise and innovative, entrepreneurial approach continues to propel Provision towards a position of industry leadership with respect to both cancer care and proton therapy. 

Our Commitment


The development

of new, innovative healthcare product and service solutions that will make major improvements in patient care and outcomes


A healthcare provider model in which the patient is better served through physician and hospital system cooperation and partnership


Sharing our gifts and resources with those in need as a witness of God’s love for man




Key Features & Benefits

The alignment of the interests of physicians, providers, payers and the public through local partnerships and local joint ownership
The focus on personal wellness, choice and accountability, and patient outcomes
​The commitment of resources (financial, facilities, equipment and personnel) from our healthcare systems to provide both physical and spiritual healing to those in need
The assurance that we provide the most clinically effective and cost-effective medical solutions focused primarily on patient care, clinical outcomes and costs
​The elimination of administrative waste, duplication and paperwork
The employment of new knowledge-based communications and other new technology solutions





Provision CARES Foundation
The Provision CARES Foundation is a resource for education, research and charity care. Primarily funded from ventures on the Provision Healthcare campus, the funds are available to those in need for healthcare education and wellness, research and clinical trials, and charitable needs in the community.










Contact
1400 Dowell Springs Boulevard, Suite 350
Knoxville, TN 37909
phone: 865.684.2616
email: info@provisionha.com


Links
HomePrivacy PolicyTerms of Use


Social Feed
 Check out our progress! https://t.co/2BOQkvs0er @ScottHamilton84 @rswarwick @ProtonTherapyT https://t.co/bbgkw1Me8P 07-27-2017


© 2017 Provision Healthcare,
				All rights reserved.













Provision Healthcare Llc in Knoxville, TN (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Provision Healthcare Llc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Provision Healthcare Llc

Provision Healthcare Llc imports from Lojer Oy in Belgium through the port of New York, New York        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Provision Healthcare Llc and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
 HOT TOPIC MERCHANDISE INC.
 DISNEY THEME PARK MERCHANDISE (OLD
 TOSHIBA ELECTROMEX.S.A. DE C.V.    
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Provision Healthcare Llc
Provision Healthcare Llc imports from Lojer Oy in Belgium through the port of New York, New York


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



LOJER OY
PUTAJANTIE 42                      
SASTAMALA  38201                   
 FI


PROVISION HEALTHCARE LLC
1400 DOWELL SPRINGS BLVD.          
SUITE #100                         
KNOXVILLE TN 37909 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers








PROVISION HEALTHCARE LLC
PROVISION HEALTHCARE LLC





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



ACLU0254S1945563


ACLU9620779
ACLU9620779


Product Description




MECHANO HERAPY APPL
MECHANO HERAPY APPL









Bill of LadingCROIFI038399    Arrival Date2010-09-07Weight (LB)1,087Weight (KG)494Quantity3 PKGContainer Count1Voyage No.0254Port of LoadingANTWERPPort of DischargeNEW YORK, NEW YORKVessel NameATLANTIC COMPASSCarrier CodeCROICountry Of OriginBelgiumPlace Of ReceiptGOTHENBURG,GOTEBO 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Provision Healthcare Llc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Provision Healthcare Llc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Provision Healthcare Llc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Provision Healthcare Llc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    High Style Floors Nc                                



                                    Gustavo Garibay                                



                                    Emmaus Ferdinand                                



                                    Qingdao Jier Engineering                                



                                    Ge Industrial Of Pr Llc (arecibo Pl                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2813
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X


















Provision Associates – Representing Quality Healthcare Products























Provision AssociatesRepresenting Quality Healthcare Products
Home
Provision Associates LLC
Manufacturer Representatives in the Healthcare Industry
In 1971 Hershel Orenstein and Tom Vollmer started our company as Orenstein-Vollmer Associates, Inc.  After Hershel retirement in 1996 the company was renamed Provision Associates.

Our mission is to represent quality healthcare products to dealers and distributors in the Midwest. Also to provide training and education to healthcare professionals about these products.
We represent companies who manufacturer products for Complex Rehab, Hospital and Long Term Care, retail and home medical equipment.

Amy Comee, CPMR: Territory consists of Minnesota, Western Wisconsin, and North Dakota
Jerry Mann and Chuck Beye: Territory consists of Kansas, Missouri, and Southern Illinois,  specializing in Complex Rehab Products, Retail and HME Equipment.
Brendan Lane: Territory consists of Eastern Wisconsin and Northern Illinois specializing in Complex Rehab Products, Retail and HME Equipment. 

For more information please contact Amy Comee 612-799-8014.
Contact Us
Questions? Information?

Please contact Amy Comee 612-799-8014.




