




















 



 Providence Medical Technology Announces Regulatory Approval From Australian Therapeutic Goods 
         










    











 













 











 



















Providence Medical Technology Announces Regulatory Approval From Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) For its DTRAX® Line of Tissue-sparing Cervical Fusion Products
        																										
              











 News provided by
Providence Medical Technology, Inc.  
Jul 25, 2017, 06:00 ET









 Share this article




























































WALNUT CREEK, Calif., July 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Providence Medical Technology, Inc., a developer of innovative cervical spine technology today announced regulatory approval from the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) for its DTRAX line of instruments and implants used in tissue-sparing posterior cervical fusion. The TGA approval covers GL-DTRAX Spinal System, GL-DTRAX Cervical Cage-T System, GL-DTRAX Cervical Cage-B, GL-DTRAX Expandable Cage, and GL-DTRAX Bone Screw. Providence plans to submit products to the Prostheses List in August 2017 for inclusion in early 2018.








"We are excited to deliver our innovative spinal technology to the Australian market and provide patients with less disruptive options for cervical spine surgery," said Michael Scott, VP of International with Providence. "Australia represents an important, strategic market as it boasts a robust healthcare system, offers established reimbursement, and has a history of embracing innovative treatments for spine surgery."
Providence's DTRAX line of devices and instruments are designed to increase procedural efficiency, improve clinical outcomes, minimize complications, and reduce recovery times. Tissue-sparing posterior cervical fusion with intervertebral cages offers distinct advantages over traditional posterior fusion techniques. The products have seen continued, rapid adoption by spine surgeons, hospitals, and ambulatory surgery centers since their introduction and, to date, over 7,000 procedures have been performed worldwide. 
About Providence Medical Technology, Inc.Providence Medical Technology, Inc. is a privately-held medical device company focused on innovative solutions for cervical spinal conditions. The company has pioneered a proprietary, tissue-sparing approach to posterior cervical fusion. Providence has developed surgical instrumentation and implants that offer unique benefits to the $2 billion worldwide cervical spine market. The Providence family of products includes the DTRAX® Spinal Instrumentation System, CAVUX® intervertebral implants, and the ALLY™ line of bone and facet screws. All products are shipped-sterile and single-use to maximize perioperative efficiency and ensure consistent quality and performance. For more information, visit www.providencemt.com 
 
View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/providence-medical-technology-announces-regulatory-approval-from-australian-therapeutic-goods-administration-tga-for-its-dtrax-line-of-tissue-sparing-cervical-fusion-products-300493039.html
SOURCE Providence Medical Technology, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.providencemt.com



 


















Jul 10, 2017, 06:00 ET
Preview: Providence Medical Technology Announces Publication of Two New Studies Supporting Tissue-Sparing Posterior Cervical Fusion








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 10, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Providence Medical Technology Announces Publication of Two New...








 

May 10, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Providence Medical Technology Secures New Financing of $10.5...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Equipment
  Medical Pharmaceuticals








 You just read:
Providence Medical Technology Announces Regulatory Approval From Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) For its DTRAX® Line of Tissue-sparing Cervical Fusion Products


 News provided by
Providence Medical Technology, Inc.  
Jul 25, 2017, 06:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 













 























 



 Providence Medical Technology Receives New FDA 510(k) Clearances and Bolsters Executive Management 
         










    










 













 











 



















Providence Medical Technology Receives New FDA 510(k) Clearances and Bolsters Executive Management Team
        																																												
              

          Scott Lynch appointed Vice President of Global Marketing and Michael Scott Vice President of International
        











 News provided by
Providence Medical Technology, Inc.  
Mar 29, 2017, 11:00 ET









 Share this article




























































WALNUT CREEK, Calif., Mar 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Providence Medical Technology, Inc., an innovator in tissue-sparing, cervical-fusion technology, announced the addition of two industry veterans to the commercial leadership team.  Scott Lynch has joined the company to lead Global Marketing, and Michael Scott is assuming International leadership.  Together, Mr. Lynch and Mr. Scott have over 40 years of relevant industry experience.  










 







							 		CAVUX(TM) Cervical Cage-L System from Providence Medical Technology, Inc. is manufactured from medical grade titanium and available in a variety of sizes. The implant offers proprietary grit-blasted and acid-etched surfaces, a large space for allogenic and autogenous bone graft and includes self-drilling and self-tapping screws for additional, standalone fixation.
							  



 

 
 



Mr. Lynch joins the company with over 22 years of medical device and 15 years of spine industry marketing experience having previously served as Vice President of Global Marketing at DFINE, VertiFlex, and Zimmer Spine. 
Mr. Scott joins Providence following over 16 years at ArthroCare as Vice President of OUS Sports Medicine, Vice President of Asia Pacific Commercial Operations, and US Vice President ENT Sales at Smith & Nephew.
Providence also announced recent 510(k) clearances from the FDA for the standalone use of the CAVUX™ Cervical Cage-L System as well as approval for its ALLY™ Facet Screws.  These new clearances are complimentary to the company's flagship DTRAX® Spinal System and are all provided terminally sterile for single-use to ensure efficiency and consistency.
"Scott Lynch and Michael Scott are important additions to our Executive Management team at Providence.  Their veteran leadership and successful experience with high growth businesses make them an ideal fit for Providence at this exciting stage of our business," said Jeff Smith, CEO of Providence Medical Technology.  "With these new 510(k) clearances, we are pleased to offer our surgeon customers stand-alone anterior stabilization and posterior non-segmental stabilization for their cervical fusions."
The CAVUX™ Cervical Cage-L System is manufactured from medical grade titanium and available in a variety of sizes.  The implant offers proprietary grit-blasted and acid-etched surfaces, a large space for allogenic and autogenous bone graft and includes self-drilling and self-tapping screws for additional, standalone fixation.
The ALLY™ Facet Screws provide temporary stabilization as an adjunct to spinal fusion.  The titanium implants are available in a variety of sizes to accommodate patient anatomy and are intended to provide mechanical support and stability until spinal fusion is achieved.
Providence Medical Technology's family of products for cervical spinal fusion includes instruments, intervertebral cages, orthopedic bone screws, and allograft bone.  All products are provided sterile for single use only.
About Providence Medical Technology, Inc. Providence Medical Technology, Inc. is a privately-held medical device company developing innovative solutions addressing the $2 billion worldwide cervical spine market. The company's focus is on commercializing the DTRAX® platform of single-use, tissue-sparing instruments and CAVUX™ and ALLY™ implants for cervical fusion, as well as other technologies that improve cervical spine procedures for both physicians and patients. 
For more information, visit www.providencemt.com
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/providence-medical-technology-receives-new-fda-510k-clearances-and-bolsters-executive-management-team-300430849.html
SOURCE Providence Medical Technology, Inc.



 












Apr 27, 2017, 08:00 ET
Preview: Providence Medical Technology Announces Issuance of Four Additional U.S. Patents


















Jan 09, 2017, 06:00 ET
Preview: Providence Medical Technology Appoints Gregory Curhan Chief Financial Officer








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 10, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Providence Medical Technology Announces Publication of Two New...








 

Jul 25, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Providence Medical Technology Announces Regulatory Approval From...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Equipment
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements
FDA Approval








 You just read:
Providence Medical Technology Receives New FDA 510(k) Clearances and Bolsters Executive Management Team


 News provided by
Providence Medical Technology, Inc.  
Mar 29, 2017, 11:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Providence Medical Technology, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:58 AM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Providence Medical Technology, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Providence Medical Technology, Inc. operates as a medical device company that develops solutions for cervical spine market in the United States and internationally. The company offers DTRAX platform of cervical implants and instruments to treat cervical degenerative disc disease through indirect decompression and fusion. Its products include DTRAX Spinal System, a set of single-use disposable instruments that enables access to the spine through posterior surgical incisions and preparation of the bony elements and joints; DTRAX Cervical Cage, which is used to treat cervical radiculopathy by indirectly decompressing and fusing the diseased spinal joint; DTRAX Graft, a structural allograft that...
Providence Medical Technology, Inc. operates as a medical device company that develops solutions for cervical spine market in the United States and internationally. The company offers DTRAX platform of cervical implants and instruments to treat cervical degenerative disc disease through indirect decompression and fusion. Its products include DTRAX Spinal System, a set of single-use disposable instruments that enables access to the spine through posterior surgical incisions and preparation of the bony elements and joints; DTRAX Cervical Cage, which is used to treat cervical radiculopathy by indirectly decompressing and fusing the diseased spinal joint; DTRAX Graft, a structural allograft that is implanted in the cervical facets to support posterior fusion; and DTRAX Facet System, a sterile and single-use kit that contains tools and implants that are needed to perform a single level surgery. The company offers its products through distributors and sales representatives. Providence Medical Technology, Inc. is based in Lafayette, California.
Detailed Description


3650 Mount Diablo AvenueSuite 104Lafayette, CA 94549United States



Phone: 415-923-9376

Fax: 415-923-9377

www.providencemt.com







Key Executives for Providence Medical Technology, Inc.




Mr. Jeff Smith


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director
      








Mr. Gregory S. Curhan


      	Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Edward Liou


      	Vice President of Engineering and Operations
      








Mr. Kevin Shaw


      	Vice President of Sales
      








Mr. Jason Hoffman


      	Vice President of Global Sales
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Providence Medical Technology, Inc. Key Developments

Providence Medical Technology, Inc. Appoints Gregory S. Curhan as Chief Financial Officer and SVP of Corporate Development
Jan 9 17
Providence Medical Technology, Inc. announced the hiring of Gregory S. Curhan as Chief Financial Officer and SVP of Corporate Development. Mr. Curhan is an experienced corporate executive and entrepreneur, as well as a capital markets and strategic advisory expert. He brings over 30 years of experience leading and advising fast-growing companies in the medical and information technology sectors to Providence. Mr. Curhan has served as Chief Financial Officer of both public and private companies. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Curhan served as a founder and past President of Merriman Curhan Ford.


Providence Medical Technology, Inc. Announces Launch of CAVUX Cervical Cage-L and DTRAX Spinal System-L
Nov 7 16
Providence Medical Technology, Inc. announced the commercial launch of its new CAVUX Cervical Cage-L and DTRAX Spinal System-L. The CAVUX Cervical Cage-L is an intervertebral cage made of solid titanium alloy with a large graft window and proprietary subtractive surface treatment technology. It is packaged sterile and supplied pre-loaded on a disposable delivery instrument. The DTRAX Spinal System-L is a single-use, disposable set of surgical instruments designed for cervical fusion and compatible with CAVUX Cervical Cage-L. CAVUX Cervical Cage-L is indicated for use in skeletally mature patients with degenerative disc disease (DDD) of the cervical spine (C3-C7) with accompanying radicular symptoms at one disc level. Devices are intended to be used with autogenous bone graft and supplemental fixation, such as an anterior plating system. Providence's family of products for cervical spine surgery now includes DTRAX Spinal Systems, CAVUX Cervical Cages, BIOLOGIX™ Allograft Bone, and ALLY™ Bone Screws.


Providence Medical Technology Announces New Financing of $12 Million; Appoints Jason Hoffman as Vice President of Global Sales
Aug 26 15
Providence Medical Technology, Inc. announced the closing of $12 million in new financing for the company.  The proceeds will be used to further commercialize and expand its portfolio of DTRAX® cervical fusion products designed to help patients suffering from cervical degenerative disc disease. The new financing of $12 million includes equity participation from existing investors Stanmore Medical Investments, Aphelion Capital and other existing private investors, and the establishment of a new debt facility with Silicon Valley Bank.

The company also announced the appointment of Jason Hoffman as Vice President of Global Sales to lead its expanded domestic and international commercialization efforts. Mr. Hoffman is an experienced commercial leader with 20 years of sales and marketing experience in the medical device and life sciences industries. Most recently, Hoffman was Vice President of U.S.  Sales, Therapeutic Support Systems for ArjoHuntleigh and Kinetic Concepts for four years. Prior to that, he spent 13 years at Johnson & Johnson in senior sales and marketing leadership roles.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 14, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Providence Medical Technology, Inc., please visit www.providencemt.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Providence Medical Technology Inc  Medical Equipment  Deals and Alliances Profile. [Report Updated: 20072017] Prices from USD $250 — BioPortfolio.com




























































BioPortfolio
Biotech, Healthcare and Medical Resources































Advertisement

Topics


All Topics
Biotechnology
Biotech Business
Biotech Products
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Dermatology
Drug Discovery
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Immunology
Infectious Diseases
Mental Health
Neurology
Obstetrics
Orthopedics
Public Health
Respiratory
Rheumatology
Urology 
			Track topics on Twitter
Track topics that are important to you




Printed From BioPortfolio.com

Providence Medical Technology Inc  Medical Equipment  Deals and Alliances Profile. [Report Updated: 20072017] Prices from USD $250

09:08 EDT 26 Jul 2017 | BioPortfolio Reports











SummaryProvidence Medical Technology Inc PMT is a medical device company that develops minimally invasive solutions for cervical fusion market. The company offers products such as facet system, spinal system, graft, cervical cage and bone screw. Its graft is a structural allograft, which is fixed in facet joint to support posterior fusion. PMT also commercializes minimally invasive posterior cervical instruments. The company's cervical cage is implanted using various surgical instruments. It offers implants and instruments to treat cervical degenerative disc disease through indirect decompression, stabilization and fusion. PMT is headquartered in Walnut Creek, California, the US.Providence Medical Technology Inc  Medical Equipment  Deals and Alliances Profile. provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions MAs, partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnership transactions recorded by the company over a five year period. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals and their value categorized into deal types, subsector and regions.GlobalData derived the data presented in this report from proprietary inhouse Medical eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research.Scope Financial Deals  Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year  Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period. Deals by Type  Chart and table depicting information including the number of deals and value reported by the company by type such as Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offering etc. Deals by Region  Chart and table presenting information on the number of deals and value reported by the company by region, which includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa and South and Central America. Deals by Subsector  Chart and table showing information on the number of deals and value reported by the company, by subsector. Major Deals  Information on the company's major financial deals. Each such deal has a brief summary, deal type, deal rationale; and deal financials and target Company's major public companies key financial metrics and ratios. Business Description  A brief description of the company's operations. Key Employees  A list of the key executives of the company. Important Locations and Subsidiaries  A list and contact details of key centers of operation and subsidiaries of the company. Key Competitors  A list of the key competitors of the company. Key Recent Developments  A brief on recent news about the company.Reasons to BuyGet detailed information on the company's financial deals that enable you to understand the company's expansion/divestiture and fund requirements The profile enables you to analyze the company's financial deals by region, by year, by business segments and by type, for a five year period.Understand the company's business segments' expansion / divestiture strategy The profile presents deals from the company's core business segments' perspective to help you understand its corporate strategy.Access elaborate information on the company's recent financial deals that enable you to understand the key deals which have shaped the company Detailed information on major recent deals includes a summary of each deal, deal type, deal rationale, deal financials and Target Company's key financial metrics and ratios.Equip yourself with detailed information about the company's operations to identify potential customers and suppliers. The profile analyzes the company's business structure, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and key competitors.Stay uptodate on the major developments affecting the company Recent developments concerning the company presented in the profile help you track important events.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research Key elements such as break up of deals into categories and information on detailed major deals are incorporated into the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
Related Biotechnology, Pharmaceutical and Healthcare News

Global and Chinese Medical Ultrasound Diagnostic Equipment Industry, 2017 Market Research Report [Report Updated: 21062017] Prices from USD 00

Medical Equipment Annual Deals Analysis: MA and Investments Trends  2016 [Report Updated: 01072017] Prices from USD 00

VolitionRX Ltd VNRX  Medical Equipment  Deals and Alliances Profile. [Report Updated: 20072017] Prices from USD 0

REVA Medical Inc RVA  Medical Equipment  Deals and Alliances Profile. [Report Updated: 20072017] Prices from USD 0

NovioSense BV  Medical Equipment  Deals and Alliances Profile. [Report Updated: 20072017] Prices from USD 0



Original Article: Providence Medical Technology Inc  Medical Equipment  Deals and Alliances Profile. [Report Updated: 20072017] Prices from USD $250

NEXT ARTICLE

More From BioPortfolio on "Providence Medical Technology Inc  Medical Equipment  Deals and Alliances Profile. [Report Updated: 20072017] Prices from USD $250"

Related Companies

Related Events

Related Clinical Trials

Related PubMed Entries

Related Medications










Quick LinksAdvanced Search |
					Login |
					Subscribe | 
					RSS 

Quick Search






Advertisement


 

Relevant Topics
Medical Devices
The role of medical devices in healthcare is essential.  The diversity and innovativeness of this sector contribute significantly to enhance the quality and efficacy of healthcare.  Covering a wide range of products, from simple bandages to the...
Osteoporosis
Osteoporosis is a disease in which the bones become extremely porous, are subject to fracture, and heal slowly, occurring especially in women following menopause and often leading to curvature of the spine from vertebral collapse.

 
  Follow and track&n...
Rheumatology
Arthritis
 
  Fibromyalgia
 
  Gout
 
  Lupus
 
  Rheumatic


 Rheumatology is the medical specialty concerned with the diagnosis and management of disease involving joints, tendons, muscles, ligaments and associated structures (Oxford Medical Diction...




News Quicklinks
Search Biotech, Medical and Healthcare News
Popular Biotech, Medical and Healthcare News
Biotech News by Article Type
Biotech News by Location
BioPortfolio Bloggers
Publishing Your News on BioPortfolio
Recent Visitor News Searches




















BioPortfolio Limited

About Us
Contact Us

Social Media

Twitter (200+ Accounts)
Twitter 
Google+ 
LinkedIn 



Publish Content

Publish
Publish Your Press Release
Advertise

Agreements

Agreements
Medical Disclaimer
Privacy



Tools

MyBioPortfolio
RSS

Help

FAQs
Sitemaps
XML Sitemap







			This site complies with the
			HONcode standard for trustworthy health
			information:
Verify here.



		The information provided by BioPortfolio.com is not a substitute for
		professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. The BioPortfolio
		site is sponsored BioPortfolio Limited with offices at Stafford House,
		10 Prince of Wales Road, Dorchester, DT1 1PW, England. If you
		are a legal copyright holder or a designated agent for such and you believe a
		post on this website falls outside the boundaries of “Fair Use” and
		legitimately infringes on your or your client's copyright we may be contacted
		concerning copyright matters at: priority@bioportfolio.com.
		
		All rights reserved. All other trademarks recognized. Copyright
		© 1997-2017 BioPortfolio Limited. Site developed by
		Alacrify Ltd.
	
















Providence Medical Technology Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























providence medical technology inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Medical Equipment
Providence Medical Technology, Inc. operates as a privately-held medical device company. The Company develops minimally invasive posterior cervical implants and instruments to treat cervical degenerative disc disease through indirect decompression and stabilization.




Corporate Information
Address:

3650 Mount Diablo Avenue
Suite 104
Lafayette, CA 94549
United States


Phone:
1-415-923-9376


Fax:
1-415-923-9377


Web url:
www.providencemt.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Stephen Reeders
Mvm Life Science Partners LLP


Ned Scheetz
Aphelion Capital LLC


David Cash
Stanmore Medical Investments LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Gregory S Curhan "Greg"


Senior VP:Corporate Development/CFO







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Providence Medical Technology Announces Regulatory Approval From Australian (TGA) For its DTRAX® Line |












































































































Regulatory, Spine
Providence Medical Technology Announces Regulatory Approval From Australian (TGA) For its DTRAX® Line

Posted by  Josh Sandberg
on 3 days ago 





More in Regulatory:



CTL Medical Secures FDA Clearance for Titanium Cage Device
2 days ago



MCRA Releases New White Paper Analyzing the Industry Impact of the Federal Budget Request on FDA
2 days ago



Vertera Spine Announces FDA Clearance of COALESCE™ porous PEEK Lumbar Interbody Fusion Device
3 days ago





Share this story with your networkFacebook0TwitterGoogle+1Pinterest1

WALNUT CREEK, Calif., July 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Providence Medical Technology, Inc., a developer of innovative cervical spine technology today announced regulatory approval from the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) for its DTRAX line of instruments and implants used in tissue-sparing posterior cervical fusion. The TGA approval covers GL-DTRAX Spinal System, GL-DTRAX Cervical Cage-T System, GL-DTRAX Cervical Cage-B, GL-DTRAX Expandable Cage, and GL-DTRAX Bone Screw. Providence plans to submit products to the Prostheses List in August 2017 for inclusion in early 2018.




“We are excited to deliver our innovative spinal technology to the Australian market and provide patients with less disruptive options for cervical spine surgery,” said Michael Scott, VP of International with Providence. “Australiarepresents an important, strategic market as it boasts a robust healthcare system, offers established reimbursement, and has a history of embracing innovative treatments for spine surgery.”
Providence’s DTRAX line of devices and instruments are designed to increase procedural efficiency, improve clinical outcomes, minimize complications, and reduce recovery times. Tissue-sparing posterior cervical fusion with intervertebral cages offers distinct advantages over traditional posterior fusion techniques. The products have seen continued, rapid adoption by spine surgeons, hospitals, and ambulatory surgery centers since their introduction and, to date, over 7,000 procedures have been performed worldwide.
About Providence Medical Technology, Inc.
Providence Medical Technology, Inc. is a privately-held medical device company focused on innovative solutions for cervical spinal conditions. The company has pioneered a proprietary, tissue-sparing approach to posterior cervical fusion. Providence has developed surgical instrumentation and implants that offer unique benefits to the $2 billionworldwide cervical spine market. The Providence family of products includes the DTRAX® Spinal Instrumentation System, CAVUX® intervertebral implants, and the ALLY™ line of bone and facet screws. All products are shipped-sterile and single-use to maximize perioperative efficiency and ensure consistent quality and performance. For more information, visit www.providencemt.com
 
SOURCE Providence Medical Technology, Inc.










Leave a Comment Cancel 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Message Name *
Email Address *
Website 
 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 





Recent
NuVasive Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsNuVasive Announces New Organizational Structure To Drive Growth And Profitability GoalsGlobal Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025Camber Spine Technologies Announces Exceeding the 150th Implantation of ENZA™ Zero-Profile ALIFZimmer Biomet Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsPopular

The single protein injection which could replace the need for knee surgery for osteoarthritis sufferers 72 comments
Pegasus Biologics is insolvent; Closing their doors 40 comments
THE SPINEBLOGGER 17 comments
NuVasive CEO: No Sign Of Economic Hit To Spinal Devices 8 comments
Win an iPod Shuffle 6 comments

Tweets
My Tweets
Follow us
Let's connect on any of these social networks!
































Subscribe to Blog via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 

							Email Address						











Polls



With the acquisition of Spinal Elements, what do you expect to be the fate of Amendia?
 File for IPO
 Get Acquired
 Struggle to Integrate / Grow
 Status Quo
 Increased Growth but Stay Private
View Results


 Loading ...
Polls Archive 

OrthoSpineNews
 
























































Providence Medical Technology Announces Regulatory Approval From Australian (TGA) For its DTRAX® Line |












































































































Regulatory, Spine
Providence Medical Technology Announces Regulatory Approval From Australian (TGA) For its DTRAX® Line

Posted by  Josh Sandberg
on 3 days ago 





More in Regulatory:



CTL Medical Secures FDA Clearance for Titanium Cage Device
2 days ago



MCRA Releases New White Paper Analyzing the Industry Impact of the Federal Budget Request on FDA
2 days ago



Vertera Spine Announces FDA Clearance of COALESCE™ porous PEEK Lumbar Interbody Fusion Device
3 days ago





Share this story with your networkFacebook0TwitterGoogle+1Pinterest1

WALNUT CREEK, Calif., July 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Providence Medical Technology, Inc., a developer of innovative cervical spine technology today announced regulatory approval from the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) for its DTRAX line of instruments and implants used in tissue-sparing posterior cervical fusion. The TGA approval covers GL-DTRAX Spinal System, GL-DTRAX Cervical Cage-T System, GL-DTRAX Cervical Cage-B, GL-DTRAX Expandable Cage, and GL-DTRAX Bone Screw. Providence plans to submit products to the Prostheses List in August 2017 for inclusion in early 2018.




“We are excited to deliver our innovative spinal technology to the Australian market and provide patients with less disruptive options for cervical spine surgery,” said Michael Scott, VP of International with Providence. “Australiarepresents an important, strategic market as it boasts a robust healthcare system, offers established reimbursement, and has a history of embracing innovative treatments for spine surgery.”
Providence’s DTRAX line of devices and instruments are designed to increase procedural efficiency, improve clinical outcomes, minimize complications, and reduce recovery times. Tissue-sparing posterior cervical fusion with intervertebral cages offers distinct advantages over traditional posterior fusion techniques. The products have seen continued, rapid adoption by spine surgeons, hospitals, and ambulatory surgery centers since their introduction and, to date, over 7,000 procedures have been performed worldwide.
About Providence Medical Technology, Inc.
Providence Medical Technology, Inc. is a privately-held medical device company focused on innovative solutions for cervical spinal conditions. The company has pioneered a proprietary, tissue-sparing approach to posterior cervical fusion. Providence has developed surgical instrumentation and implants that offer unique benefits to the $2 billionworldwide cervical spine market. The Providence family of products includes the DTRAX® Spinal Instrumentation System, CAVUX® intervertebral implants, and the ALLY™ line of bone and facet screws. All products are shipped-sterile and single-use to maximize perioperative efficiency and ensure consistent quality and performance. For more information, visit www.providencemt.com
 
SOURCE Providence Medical Technology, Inc.










Leave a Comment Cancel 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Message Name *
Email Address *
Website 
 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 





Recent
NuVasive Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsNuVasive Announces New Organizational Structure To Drive Growth And Profitability GoalsGlobal Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025Camber Spine Technologies Announces Exceeding the 150th Implantation of ENZA™ Zero-Profile ALIFZimmer Biomet Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsPopular

The single protein injection which could replace the need for knee surgery for osteoarthritis sufferers 72 comments
Pegasus Biologics is insolvent; Closing their doors 40 comments
THE SPINEBLOGGER 17 comments
NuVasive CEO: No Sign Of Economic Hit To Spinal Devices 8 comments
Win an iPod Shuffle 6 comments

Tweets
My Tweets
Follow us
Let's connect on any of these social networks!
































Subscribe to Blog via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 

							Email Address						











Polls



With the acquisition of Spinal Elements, what do you expect to be the fate of Amendia?
 File for IPO
 Get Acquired
 Struggle to Integrate / Grow
 Status Quo
 Increased Growth but Stay Private
View Results


 Loading ...
Polls Archive 

OrthoSpineNews
 


























































Providence – Providence Medical Technology































  












Skip to content






 






 


 

Filling Gaps—Expanding Options
Our technology fills critical gaps in the continuum of traditional cervical spine care. We offer a family of products designed for use in cervical fusion surgery. Products include instruments, intervertebral cages, orthopedic bone screws, and allograft bone.














































































Providence – Providence Medical Technology































  












Skip to content






 






 


 

Filling Gaps—Expanding Options
Our technology fills critical gaps in the continuum of traditional cervical spine care. We offer a family of products designed for use in cervical fusion surgery. Products include instruments, intervertebral cages, orthopedic bone screws, and allograft bone.














































































Management Team – Providence






























  












Skip to content






 












 


 






























Management Team



Jeff Smith
Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer




Edward Liou
Chief Operating Officer




Greg Curhan
Chief Financial Officer and SVP of Corporate Development




Rebecca Chung
Vice President, Human Resources




Scott Lynch
Vice President, Global Marketing




Neil O’Connell
Vice President, Finance




Michael Scott
Vice President, International







































About Us – Providence






























  












Skip to content






 






 


 






Providence Medical Technology is a privately-held medical device company developing innovative solutions addressing the $2 billion worldwide cervical spine market. The company's focus is filling critical gaps in the continuum of traditional cervical spine care.










































































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.










News and Upcoming events – Providence






























  












Skip to content

































Upcoming Events


Florida Neurosurgical Society Annual Meeting
August 18-20, 2017 Palm Beach, FL 




Press
July 10, 2017
Providence Medical Technology Announces Publication of Two New Studies Supporting Tissue-Sparing Posterior Cervical Fusion
Multiple independent studies demonstrate the results of Providence's tissue-sparing posterior cervical fusion technology.
Read More


May 10, 2017
Providence Medical Technology Secures New Financing of $10.5 Million From Bridge Bank
Proceeds to further commercialize and expand distribution of cervical fusion technology.
Read More


March 29, 2017
Providence Medical Technology Receives New FDA 510(k) Clearances and Bolsters Executive Management Team
Scott Lynch appointed Vice President of Global Marketing and Michael Scott Vice President of International.
Read More


January 9, 2017
Providence Medical Technology Appoints Gregory Curhan Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Curhan brings extensive experience managing high-performing teams and executing acquisition and public offering transactions.
Read More


December 20, 2016
Providence Medical Technology Announces New Equity Financing Of $10.5 Million
Global Healthcare Investor MVM Life Science Partners Leads Round.
Read More


December 13, 2016
Providence Medical Technology Announces the Publication of a Technique Paper
Providence Medical Technology, Inc., an innovator in tissue-sparing cervical fusion technology, today announced the publication of “Novel instrumentation and technique for tissue sparing posterior cervical fusion” in the Journal of Clinical Neuroscience by Bruce McCormack, MD and Raman Dhawan, MD.
Read More


November 7, 2016
Providence Medical Technology Announces the Launch of CAVUX™ Cervical Cage-L and DTRAX® Spinal System-L
Providence Medical Technology, Inc., an innovator in tissue-sparing cervical fusion technology, today announced the commercial launch of its new CAVUX Cervical Cage-L and DTRAX Spinal System-L.
Read More


May 8, 2016
Providence Medical Technology Announces Presentation of Two-Year Outcomes of Posterior Cervical Fusion for Single-Level Cervical Radiculopathy
Providence Medical Technology, Inc., an innovator in tissue-sparing cervical spine technology, today announced the closing of $12 million in new financing for the company. The proceeds will be used to further commercialize and expand its portfolio of DTRAX® cervical fusion…
Read More


1
2
3
Next »





































Instructions for Use – Providence






























  












Skip to content































Instructions for Use




































BIOLOGIX ALLOGRAFT BONE – Providence






























  












Skip to content








































 Graft-X
Cortical allograft
Machined human cortical bone with tapered profile and superior and inferior teeth designed to provide backout resistance.













			Tapered profile  		







        	Allograft delivery instrument is optional and sold separately*        
        



			Easy delivery* 		












 Graft
Demineralized Bone Matrix (DBM)
Injectable formulation compatible with DTRAX® Spinal Systems. Excellent handling characteristics conform to fill unique bony voids and retains shape. Composed of 100% human bone—no additives that may interfere with bone healing.














			Pre-filled syringe with optimal volume for posterior cervical fusion 		









			Excellent handling characteristics 		































