







Technology Platforms and Solutions to Unlock the Value of the IoT | PTC





































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        









Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 













                                    Physical Digital Convergence
                                


                                        Physical Digital Convergence
                                    


                                    Physical digital convergence has the power to transform your business. Let PTC show you how.
                                
Watch now









                                    IDC MarketScape Positions PTC as Leader in IoT Platform Market
                                


                                        IDC MarketScape Positions PTC as Leader in IoT Platform Market
                                    


                                    IDC MarketScape: Worldwide IoT Platforms 2017 Vendor Assessment
                                
Download Now









                                    Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                


                                        Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                    


                                    Master Design Reviews with Creo 4.0: M010

Learn More






Previous



Next















AnnouncementsJuly 19, 2017: PTC Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results






AnnouncementsJuly 19, 2017: PTC Q3 FY'17 Prepared Remarks






AnnouncementsJuly 12, 2017: PTC and Tech Mahindra Open Industrial Internet of Things Center of Excellence in India






AnnouncementsJuly 11, 2017: PTC and L&T Technology Services Unveil Industry 4.0 Center of Excellence













 



















 



















 



















 



















 



















 


Previous



Next






















































































































































































Previous



Next








 



Take Your Business to the Next Level
Only ThingWorx 8 has the functionality, flexibility, and agility you need to quickly develop and deploy industrial IoT apps and AR experiences. ThingWorx 8 is how IoT projects get built. 

Learn More









 



Leveraging Connected PLM to Develop Truly Trend-Driven Fashion
PTC Connected PLM Series Part 1

Download Now



















                                        New eBook
                                    
10 Expert Insights: The Future of Product Design in the Age of Smart & Connected Devices
Download Now










                                        IoT Insights from Analysts and Experts
                                    
Get Insights Into the Internet of Things (IoT) and Industry 4.0 From Analysts and Experts
Read More










                                        PTC Introduces Smart Connected Support™
                                    
See the difference, and experience it too
Learn More



















PTC (NASDAQ: PTC) is a global provider of technology platforms and solutions that transform how
companies create, operate, and service the “things” in the Internet of Things (IoT).







PTC's field-proven software and solutions are deployed in more than 26,000 businesses worldwide to generate a product or service advantage.






PTC has ~6,000 employees in 30 countries around the world.







PTC has 750+ partners, including value-added-resellers, enterprise software and performance team partners, hardware and system integration partners, and service and training partners.






Previous



Next












PTC Newsroom: Stay Up-to-Date with PTC News
Learn more 







Concept Design for Innovative Products
Learn more 























X


















About Us | PTC.






































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        









Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 





Home
About Us







About Us









PTC (NASDAQ: PTC) is a global technology provider of the leading IoT and AR platform and field-proven solutions that transform how companies create, operate, and service products.






















                                            PTC: Unlocking Physical Digital Convergence
                                        





















PTC has the most robust Internet of Things technology in the world. In 1986 we revolutionized digital 3D design, and in 1998 were first to market with Internet-based PLM. Now our leading IoT and AR platform and field-proven solutions bring together the physical and digital worlds to reinvent the way you create, operate, and service products. With PTC, global manufacturers and an ecosystem of partners and developers can capitalize on the promise of the IoT today and drive the future of innovation







PTC has the most robust Internet of Things technology in the world. In 1986 we revolutionized digital 3D design, and in 1998 we were first to market with Internet-based PLM. Now our leading IoT and AR platform and field-proven solutions bring together the physical and digital worlds to reinvent the way you create, manufacture, operate, and service products. With PTC, global manufacturers and an ecosystem of partners and developers can capitalize on the promise of the IoT today and drive the future of innovation.
 

 



Fast Facts


 
Founded in 1985, PTC employs approximately 6,000 professionals serving businesses in rapidly-evolving, globally distributed manufacturing industries worldwide.


 


Global Presence

6,000 Employees in 30 countries
1,350+ Service professionals
750+ Technology and service partners
250,000 Developers in our global ecosystem

Financial Data (non-GAAP)

$1.14 Billion FY2016 Total Revenue 
Revenue by Regions

43% Americas
37% Europe
20% Asia Pacific




Industries Served

Industrial Products
Electronics & High Tech
Government, Aerospace & Defense
Automotive
Retail & Consumer
Life Sciences

Market Segments

Computer-Aided Design (CAD)
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Application Lifecycle Management (ALM)
Smart Manufacturing 
Service Lifecycle Management (SLM)
Internet of Things (IoT)
Augmented Reality (AR)



 
 


 


PTC History


 




Kepware Aquired 
Kepware and PTC share a common vision of helping you realize the potential of the Industrial Internet of Things.



2016


 
            



Vuforia Acquired 
The acquisition of the Vuforia™ augmented reality (AR) technology platform accelerates PTC’s strategy as a leading provider of technologies and solutions that blend the digital and physical worlds.



2015



ColdLight Acquired
The acquisition of ColdLight’s Neuron automated predictive analytics platform will enrich PTC’s technology portfolio and extend PTC’s position as a leader in the Internet of Things (IoT) market.




ThingWorx
The acquisition of ThingWorx positions PTC as a major player in the emerging Internet of Things era.
Axeda Acquired
The acquisition of Axeda allows PTC to leverage their core IoT technology to enable companies to establish secure connectivity and remotely monitor and manage a wide range of machines, sensors, and devices.




2014



Atego Acquired
The acquisition of Atego enhances PTC’s portfolio of product lifecycle management (PLM) and application lifecycle management (ALM) solutions, and strengthens PTC’s commitment to supporting its customers’ systems engineering initiatives with powerful modeling capabilities.




Enigma Acquired
The acquisition enhances PTC’s existing portfolio of service lifecycle management (SLM) solutions and further distinguishes the Company’s leadership position within the SLM market.




2013



NetIDEAS Acquired
NetIDEAS has had years of experience in managing and deploying complex enterprise applications. Companies from various industries are able to use these applications to accelerate innovation, time‐to‐market, and revenue by collaboratively developing, managing and leveraging product‐related intellectual property throughout the enterprise.



 



2012



Servigistics Acquired
Servigistics enables leading discrete manufacturers across diverse industries to successfully execute a service-led growth strategy that delivers value across the service organization and the entire enterprise.




4CS Acquired
4CS Service Suite improves service revenue and profitability by integrating warranty, service, support and service parts processes for durable goods manufacturers, distributors, suppliers and service providers.



 2011



MKS Acquired
MKS’s leading product, Integrity, is the only Software System Lifecycle Management (SSLM) solution that orchestrates all software development processes and manages all development artifacts — to provide complete visibility into product development.




Planet Metrics Acquired
Pioneering environmental impact software to help companies effectively improve environmental performance, reduce costs and mitigate risk.



 2010


 



 



 2009



Formerly Relex Software Corporation Acquired
Advanced reliability engineering software that provides key system performance metrics such as reliability, maintainability and prediction in a flexible and intuitive framework.




Synapsis Technology Acquired
Best-of-breed solution for tracking and improving the environmental performance of your products, parts, materials and suppliers.



 2008


 




CoCreate Acquired
Explicit modeling tool enables PTC to offer the industry’s most comprehensive suite of modeling solutions
LBS, Ltd. Acquired
Leader in Integrated Logistics Support (ILS) solutions for A&D and civil aviation




2007



NC Graphics Acquired
Best-in-class CAM solutions for high-speed precision machining
NetRegulus Acquired
Leading enterprise study and quality management software for medical devices




ITEDO Acquired
Leading 2D and 3D technical illustration and animation solution



 2006



Mathsoft Acquired
Industry-standard solution for engineering calculations




Aptavis Technology Corp. Acquired
PTC Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel
Arbortext Acquired
Leading technology and expertise in dynamic publishing




2005



Polyplan Technologies Acquired
Leading technology and expertise in manufacturing process management
PLM on Demand Launched
Strategic partnership with IBM acquired



 



 2003



IndustryWeek names Pro/ENGINEER "Technology of the Year"
For the second time




PTC Windchill PDMLink launched
Pure Internet architecture solution for product data management



 2002



PTC surpasses 35,000 customers

Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire Released
First CAD system to fully support Web services




PTC Windchill ProjectLink launched
Pure Internet architecture solution for project collaboration



2001


 



 



2000



Nitidus Acquired




PTC surpasses 25,000 customers



1999



DIVISION Group and Auxilium, Inc. acquired




PTC Windchill launched
First to market with Internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)



1998



Computervision acquired
InPart acquired




PTC added to S&P 500



1997


 



 



1996



Daratech names PTC World's #1 Supplier of CAD/CAM/CAE software
After only 8 years in the market




PTC cracks Fortune 500



1995



CDRS (surfacing product) acquired from Evans and Sutherland




IndustryWeek names Pro/ENGINEER "Technology of the Year"



1992



Caterpillar becomes our largest customer




Initial Public Offering (PMTC)



1989


 




Pro/ENGINEER launched
First to market with parametric, associative feature-based, solid modeling software



1988



John Deere becomes PTC's first customer



 



1985



Company founded


















 





With over 70 locations around the world, we are close to you wherever you are.
                    























X












PTC.com: Log In































PTC.com


Store

EN


 Why PTC
 The PTC Advantage
 What We Do
 Our Approach
 Problems We Solve
 Customer Stories
 Manufacturing Transformation

Company Info
 History
 Fast Facts
 Management Team
 Careers
 Corporate Responsibility
 Worldwide Offices
 Contact Us

Press and Media
 News Room
 Investor Relations
 Social Media Directory
 Latest Videos

Solutions
 Common Challenges
 Accelerate Product Innovation
 Streamline Compliance and Reduce Risk
 Increase Customer Value Through Service
 Increasing Service Revenue
 Improve Global Product Development
 Improve Software Quality
 Internet of Things
 Increase Service Profitability

Enterprise Applications
 Product Lifecycle Management
 Computer-Aided Design
 Application Lifecycle Management
 Supply Chain Management
 Service Lifecycle Management

By Role
 Engineering Executive
 Engineering Manager
 Sales and Service Executive
 Software Executive
 Supply Chain Executive
 IT Executive

Products
 Product Families
 PTC Creo
 PTC Windchill
 PTC Arbortext
 PTC Mathcad
 PTC Integrity
 PTC Servigistics
 ThingWorx
 All Products

Key Topics
 Working in a Multi-CAD Environment
 3D CAD
 Visualization
 Retail PLM
 Manufacturing Process Management
 Global Product Development
 Global Product Quality
 Flexible Modeling

Product Resources
 Free Downloads
 Demos and Tech Tips
 How to Buy
 Training
 PTC Academic Program
 PTC Creo Customer Stories
 Free PTC Creo 30 Day Trial
 PTC Help Centers

Services
 Services
 Training Services
 Strategy Services
 Deployment Services
 Learning and Adoption
 Optimization Services
 Cloud Services
 Windchill 11 Upgrade Services

Communities
 Networks
 PTC Community
 Partners
 PTC Academic Program
 Social Media Directory

Blogs
 Product Lifecycle Stories
 PTC Creo
 PTC Mathcad
 Service Leader

Events
 PTC Live Global
 PTC Live Service Exchange
 PTC Live Executive Exchange
 LiveWorx
 PTC Live Tech Forum
 Webcasts and Seminars

Support
 Technical Support
 eSupport Portal
 Software Downloads
 PTC Security Updates
 Report Security Vulnerability

Global Support Services
 Explore Support Solutions
 Welcome Center
 Renew Support
 Re-activate Support
 Support Advisor eAlert
 Contact Us

Support Resources
 Customer Support Guide
 PTC Help Centers
 Product Release Calendar
 Sign up for Technical Alerts
 Demos and Tech Tips
 Product Enhancement Requests
 License Management
 Product Documentation



Home
>
Support










PTC eSupport


Customer Login




    Username (Email Address)









    Password









Forgot your password?






NOTE: You must accept cookies to be able to access this site.


Welcome to the PTC eSupport Portal
New to PTC eSupport? Read our Customer Support Guide to learn what is available to you as a PTC Technical Support customer.New PTC Customers & Partners

Create a new Customer Account.
Create a new Partner Account.
Create a new Academic Account.

Former MKS and Atego Developer Tools customers, access additional product resources below:

PTC MKS Toolkit & PTC X/Server
PTC ObjectAda
PTC ApexAda
PTC Perc
PTC X32
PTC TeleUSE






Vuforia Customers
Kepware Customers
ThingWorx Machine Learning Customers
MKS Toolkit Customers
Axeda Customers


Vuforia Customers – Welcome to PTC
Please visit our Vuforia Support Integration page for information on how to get support.



Kepware Customers – Welcome to PTC
Please visit our Kepware Support Integration page for information on how to get support.



ThingWorx Machine Learning (Neuron) Customers - Welcome to PTC
Please visit our ThingWorx Machine Learning (Neuron) Support Integration page for the latest information on how to get support.



MKS Toolkit Customers - Welcome to PTC
Please visit our MKS Toolkit Technical Support Integration page for the latest information on how to get support.


Axeda Customers - Welcome to PTC
Please visit our Axeda Technical Support Integration page for the latest information on how to get support.







 




About PTC

Management Team
Investor Relations
History
News Room
Careers
Corporate Responsibility




Key Topics

PTC Windchill Upgrade Center
PTC Creo Upgrade Center
Multi-CAD
Connected Products
Systems Engineering
Service Transformation
Product Data Management




Communities

PTC Community
Events
Blogs
Partners
Academic




Information For

Engineering Executives
Software Executives
Supply Chain Executives
Service Executives
IT Executives
Engineering Managers




Partners

Channel Partners
Hardware Partners
Software Partners
Service Partners







Copyright © 2017, PTC Inc.
	    Legal Policies
Software Piracy

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
SlideShare
PTC Blog
Social Media Directory


















Search Snippets










Careers | PTC






































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        









Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 





Home
Careers at PTC







Careers at PTC









We're Looking for Smart, Connected People













In today's world, products are becoming smart and connected. The digital and physical worlds of product development are converging. PTC is at the forefront of an explosive transformation as a result. We are advancing the possibilities of world-changing smart, connected products through our people. Our Smart, Connected People… our employees.
With recent acquisitions and strategic partnerships we have expanded our enterprise solutions to include the Internet of Things (IoT), big data analytics, digital twin, augmented reality, and more. PTC's movement into these technologies has opened up significant opportunity for those who are forward-thinking, innovative, and not afraid to take smart, calculated risks to gain advances quickly. If you're ready to help shape the future, come join us today!




Looking for Future Leaders
Career Management at PTC is an ongoing process that is driven by the individual, facilitated by your manager, and supported by the organization. You determine where you want your career to take you, and PTC can help you identify and develop the skills that will get you there. Read on for details.




Bringing Our Culture to Life
PTC fosters a rich company culture built on a diverse, hard-working employee base. When employees around the world are asked what sets PTC apart, the resounding answer is "it's the people." See what our employees have to say.




Your Benefits, Your Way
Here at PTC, we care about each other – inside and outside of work. That's why we offer a comprehensive, competitive package of benefits.  So no matter where or when you begin a career with us, you'll find a far reaching choice of employee benefits – choices that offer greater flexibility to tailor your benefits to your individual or family's needs.  Check out your options now.




Giving Back, While Having Fun
At PTC, we believe that investing in our employees and the communities where we do business is an important part of building a healthy, successful company. When we share the same vision for the future with the partners around us, everyone wins. Take a look at how we're giving back.





PTC Is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer
PTC is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to employees and applicants for employment. At PTC, employment decisions are made without regard to a person's gender, gender identity, race, age, national origin, marital status, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status or other legally protected characteristic (Read the PDF). PTC's commitment to this policy helps PTC to attract the most talented and capable employees available, thereby enhancing PTC's ability to compete in the global marketplace.
PTC endeavors to make PTC.com accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please email us or call by phone at (781) 370-5691. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
For job candidates in the US, PTC participates in the E-Verify program and will use E-verify to confirm your work authorization. For more information on E-Verify, please refer to the E-Verify (English/Spanish) and Right to Work (English/Spanish) Notices (.PDF).
For job candidates in Ontario Canada, PTC has a policy and procedures in place related to accommodating persons with disabilities, as required by the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA).  For a copy of the Company’s policy, or if you have a disability and would like to discuss PTC’s process for creating an accommodation plan, please contact the Company’s Canada HR representative, Tonia Scott, at (519) 884-2251.






 




Search Open Jobs »                                 







With 70 offices across the globe, chances are there's a PTC job near you.                                

























X

















Products | PTC









































Home
Products






PTC Products



















Creo 3D CAD




Creo Parametric 
Creo Illustrate 
Creo Advanced Assembly Extension
Creo Advanced Framework Extension
Creo Advanced Rendering Extension
Creo Computer-Aided Verification Extension
Creo Intelligent Fastener Extension
Creo Behavioral Modeling Extension
Creo Layout
Creo Direct
Creo Manikin Analysis
Creo Manikin Extension


Creo Distributed Batch Extension
Creo ECAD-MCAD Collaboration Extension
Creo Complete Machining Extension
Creo Complete Mold Design Extension
Creo Prismatic and Multi-Surface Milling Extension
Creo Production Machining Extension
Creo NC Sheetmetal Extension
Creo Progressive Die Extension
Creo Flexible Modeling Extension


Creo Design Exploration Extension 
Creo Reverse Engineering Extension
Creo Tool Design Extension
Creo Expert Moldbase Extension
Creo Piping and Cabling Extension
Creo Harness Manufacturing
Creo Toolkit
Creo Collaboration Extensions
Creo Interactive Surface Design
Creo Options Modeler
















Creo Simulate




Creo Advanced Simulation Extension
Creo Behavioral Modeling Extension
Creo Fatigue Advisor Extension


Creo Manikin Analysis Extension
Creo Mechanism Dynamics Option
Creo Mold Analysis Extension


Creo Simulate
Creo Spark Analysis Extension
Creo Tolerance Analysis Extension






















Creo Elements Direct




Creo Elements/Direct Suite
Creo Elements/Direct 2D Access
Creo Elements/Direct 3D Access
Creo Elements/Direct Advanced Design
Creo Elements/Direct Advanced Simulation
Creo Elements/Direct BOM Editor


Creo Elements/Direct BOM Editor
Creo Elements/Direct Cabling
Creo Elements/Direct Drafting
PTC eDrawings Professional for Creo Elements/Direct Modeling

















Creo Visualization



Creo DIVISION
Creo View Adapters
Creo View Animator
Creo View Design Check


Creo View ECAD
Creo View ECAD Compare
Creo View Interference Analysis
Creo View Lite


Creo View MCAD
Creo View Mobile
Creo View PDF Review
Creo View Toolkits

















Creo 2D CAD




Creo Schematics
Creo Sketch
Creo Layout
















Windchill PDM and Process




Windchill Suite
Pro/INTRALINK
Windchill FlexPLM
Windchill MPMLink


Requirements Management
Windchill PartsLink
Windchill PDM Essentials


Windchill PDMLink
Windchill ProjectLink
Windchill Supplier Management























Windchill Quality




Windchill ALT
Windchill CAPA
Windchill Customer Experience Management
Windchill FMEA
Windchill FRACAS


Windchill FTA
Windchill LCC
Windchill Maintainability
Windchill Markov
Windchill MSG-3


Windchill Nonconformance
Windchill Prediction
Windchill RBD
Windchill Weibull
















Windchill Product Analytics




Windchill Compliance 
Windchill Cost


Windchill Materials and Substances


Windchill Supply Chain Data Collection















Windchill Integrations




Windchill Enterprise Integrations
Windchill Gateway for FORAN


Windchill Info*Engine
Windchill PLM Connector


Windchill Software Integrations
Windchill ECAD/MCAD Integrations


















Windchill Collaboration




Windchill Mobile

















Windchill Utilities




Windchill Print Service
Windchill Reporting
Windchill Interference Management Service

















Windchill Service




Windchill Service Information Manager
Windchill Service Parts
















Servigistics Arbortext





Servigistics Arbortext Suite
Servigistics Arbortext Editor
Servigistics Arbortext IsoDraw
Servigistics Arbortext Publishing Engine













 



PTC Mathcad

A natural math environment that moves you to calculate quickly, analyze completely, document automatically and share and reuse effortlessly.


Learn More












Servigistics Service Parts




Servigistics Asset Sustainability Optimization
Servigistics Initial Provisioning
Servigistics K-Curve Cycle Stock


Servigistics Last Time Buy
Servigistics Multi-Echelon Optimization


Servigistics Network Optimization


















Connected Field Service Solution



Connected Field Service
















Servigistics Service Information Delivery




Servigistics InService
Servigistics InService for Aerospace and Defense
Servigistics InService Technical Content

















Servigistics Reporting




Servigistics Insight

















Servigistics Parts Pricing




Servigistics Service Parts Pricing


















Creo CADDS 5 - Extensions

Specialized CAD/CAM software for shipbuilding, which helps when designing massive, complex products and coordinate the concurrent engineering efforts of a large team.



Creo CADDS 5 Suite
Creo CADDS 5 Clash Detection and Management Solution
Creo CADDS 5 Concurrent Assembly Option
Creo CADDS 5 CVMAC Compiler
Creo CADDS 5 Data Exchange
Creo CADDS 5 Drafting Foundation
Creo CADDS 5 Electrical and Outfitting Design Option
Creo CADDS 5 Harness and Cabling Option
Creo CADDS 5 HVAC and Outfitting Design Option


Creo CADDS 5 Interactive Surfacing Option
Creo CADDS 5 ISOGEN Interface
Creo CADDS 5 Manufacturing Option
Creo CADDS 5 Modeling Foundation
Creo CADDS 5 Piping and Outfitting Design Option
Creo CADDS 5 Sheet Metal Design Option
Creo CADDS 5 Shipbuilding and Design Option
Creo CADDS 5 Structural Steel and Hull Design Option
Creo CADDS 5 Optegra















Integrity Lifecycle Manager




Integrity Lifecycle Manager















Integrity Process Management




Integrity Process Director
Integrity Process Perspective
Integrity Process Consumer
Integrity Process Check















Integrity Modeling




Integrity Modeler
Integrity Modeler Reviewer
Integrity Modeler Automatic Code Synchronizer
Integrity Modeler SySim















Integrity Asset Library




Integrity Asset Library















Integrity Requirements Connector




Integrity Requirements Connector















PTC Warranty


PTC Warranty defines, manages and analyzes all warranty processes from initial product registration through the end of the standard or extended warranty period. PTC’s unique approach to warranty analytics and service lifecycle management leverages a product-centric data model to manage warranty information and capture service history in the context of the product itself — allowing this important data to provide feedback to the enterprise for continuous product and service improvement.
Learn more












PTC Warehouse Management Systems 



PTC MOVE - Optimize your Core Logistics Business by Automating the Entire Order Lifecycle.


PTC WebShip - Your Small Parcel & Less-Than-Truckload (LTL) Software Solution 














PTC Developer Tools
If you are an engineer developing complex, mission-critical systems and need to create native, embedded or real-time applications, build graphical user interfaces, or you're looking to build, compile, execute, render, script and port code across UNIX, Linux, and Windows platforms – PTC has the developer tools to support your specific development approach, platform and target platform.


PTC MKS Toolkit 
PTC Lex & YACC
PTC X/Server
PTC ApexAda
PTC ObjectAda
PTC Perc
PTC x32plus
PTC TeleUSE
View all tools















 



ThingWorx

 The first platform designed to build and run the applications of the connected world. ThingWorx reduces the time, cost, and risk required to build innovative applications for smart, connected products.

Learn More









 



PTC Implementer

 PTC Implementer is the leading change management solution for the IBM i ® available on the market today.

Learn More






















X


















CAD Software | PTC






































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        









Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 





Home
CAD Software







CAD Software









CAD (Computer-Aided Design) software helps with the creation, modification, analysis and documentation of product designs.













Why CAD Software?
This technology makes product design more efficient by automating processes that were once manual, such as traditional drafting. With 3D CAD, designers can also do solid modeling, creating three-dimensional representations of their products. 
But CAD isn't just about convenience or bells and whistles.
Broadly speaking, CAD software helps you explore concept design ideas, create product designs, carry out simulations and analyses, and perform engineering calculations.  In other words, CAD software assists you with the experimentation, exploration, and iteration needed to make the most of your design's potential. The overarching goal?  Better products produced more efficiently and at less cost so that you get your products to market faster.
We’re proud of the fact that PTC invented and first launched parametric CAD modeling software nearly 30 years ago. Today, product development professionals worldwide use our flagship CAD software suite, Creo. 
 
Why Creo?
Creo is a suite of applications you can use to design products the way you want – not the way your CAD tool requires. With Creo, you can create, analyze, view, and share designs downstream using 2D CAD, 3D CAD, parametric and direct modeling capabilities. Each Creo application shares the same user interface and is interoperable, meaning data can seamlessly transition from one to another.
What Creo’s CAD Software Can Do For You
3D Design

It's all here: from the basics of part and assembly modeling to mechanisms to aesthetic surface design.

Industrial Design

Take advantage of technical surfacing capabilities, advanced surfacing, rendering, and reverse engineering.

Concept Design

Explore innovative product development opportunities with the most powerful concept design tools on the market, including: freeform surfacing, integrated parametric and direct modeling, and more. 

Routed Systems Design

Easily create 2D schematic designs and documentation for piping, cabling, and harnesses, and then use them to drive the associated 3D CAD models.

Simulation

Analyze and validate the performance of your 3D CAD designs before you make the first part.

Leveraging Design Data Across the Organization

Make sure stakeholders throughout the organization can easily view, interact, and share product data.

Computer Aided Manufacturing (CAM)

Ensure product designs seamlessly transition to manufacturing with NC, tooling and mold design solutions.

Designing in a Multi-CAD Environment

Work effectively with data from multiple CAD systems in a single design environment.



 


Customers Using Creo

 
Artistides Guitars

 
College Park

 
  KTM


All Case Studies











 





Contact Sales »                                 






How to Buy >                                






Creo Parametric Free Trial »                                    





 




                        CAD Case Studies
                    
Learn more about how companies are using PTC's suite of CAD software products to their best advantage.
KTM (motorsports)
College Park (prosthetics)
University of Tokyo (artificial heart)
Aston Martin
Aristides Guitars 




                        Related CAD Content
                    
PTC Community
Discuss Computer-Aided Design With Other Creo Users

Events
Live and Virtual Events

CAD Software Blog
Insights Into 3D CAD Software for Design Engineers

















Creo 4.0 Released!
See What’s New



Learn More




























X

















PTC Mathcad | PTC






































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        






Chat Now with PTC Mathcad sales






Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 





Home
Engineering Math Software
PTC Mathcad







PTC Mathcad









PTC Mathcad is Engineering Math Software That Allows You to Perform, Analyze, and Share Your Most Vital Calculations. 













Calculations are the heart of your engineering information.  You and your team must be able to find, reuse, and share this important intellectual property.  
But how often have you been forced to hunt through a collection of spreadsheets, code, and notebooks to uncover what you need - and then schedule more time to have someone explain it?  Assuming that employee is still with the company. 
PTC Mathcad has all your engineering notebook’s ease-of-use and familiarity - combined with live mathematical notation, units intelligence, and powerful calculation capabilities.  This engineering math software allows you to present your calculations with plots, graphs, text, and images in a single document.  Nobody needs specialized skills to understand PTC Mathcad data, and now that your intellectual property has been preserved, you can leverage it for other projects.








                                            PTC Mathcad in Action
                                        





















PTC Mathcad in Action












Engineering Solutions






Civil and Structural Engineering
Learn more 




Electrical Engineering
Learn more 




Mechanical Engineering
Learn more 



 












Using PTC Mathcad, all of the formulas and mathematical terms are making calculations much easier to check compared to Microsoft Excel.

— Geri Piller, Head of Structural Analysis at Solar Impulse

Solar Impulse Customer Story »




















 




Download PTC Mathcad Express »                                






Contact a PTC Mathcad Expert »                                






Buy PTC Mathcad Now »                                






 Download the PTC Mathcad Brochure (.PDF)                                 






PTC Mathcad Prime 4.0 Data Sheet                                






PTC Mathcad Gateway »
Calculation server that provides universal and secure access to your company’s certified engineering calculations at any time, on any device. Learn more 
















PTC Mathcad Prime 4.0 RELEASED!
See What's New



LEARN MORE


























X


















PTC (software company) - Wikipedia






















 






PTC (software company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from PTC, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PTC (Parametric Technology Corporation)





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PTC
S&P 400 Component


Industry
CAD/CAM/CAE/ PLM Software/ ALM/ SLM/ IOT


Founded
May 1985; 32 years ago (1985-05)


Headquarters
Needham, Massachusetts, United States



Key people

Donald K. Grierson (Chairman)
James E. Heppelmann (President & CEO)


Products
PTC Creo, PTC Windchill, PTC Mathcad, PTC Integrity, PTC Servigistics, PTC Arbortext, ThingWorx


Revenue
 $1.3 billion USD (2015)[1]



Operating income

 $41.6 million USD (2015)[1]



Net income

 $48 million USD (2015)[1]



Number of employees

5,982 (2015)[1]


Website
www.ptc.com


PTC (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is a computer software and services company founded in 1985 and headquartered outside of Boston, Massachusetts. The company developed parametric, associative feature-based, solid computer-aided design (CAD) modeling software in 1988, including an Internet-based product for product lifecycle management (PLM) in 1998. PTC markets products and services and an Internet of things (IoT) and augmented reality (AR) platform for partners and developers.



Contents


1 Products

1.1 PTC Creo
1.2 PTC Mathcad
1.3 PTC Windchill
1.4 PTC Integrity
1.5 PTC Servigistics
1.6 ThingWorx
1.7 Axeda
1.8 Vuforia
1.9 Kepware
1.10 Implementer


2 History
3 Companies acquired by PTC
4 Support of STEM Education
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



Products[edit]
PTC has six core product families: Creo, Windchill, Mathcad, Integrity, Servigistics, ThingWorx. The Company's technology is primarily used by discrete manufacturers to design, operate and maintain complex products. PTC's technology is also used to connect products to the Internet for purposes of capturing and analyzing information from them.[2]
PTC Creo[edit]
Main articles: PTC Creo, PTC Creo Elements/Pro, Creo Elements/Direct, and PTC Creo Elements/View
The PTC CAD product provides a set of Computer Aided Design capabilities. PTC CAD is a suite of 2D and 3D product design software used to create, analyze and view product designs. PTC Creo software was released in June 2011 to replace and supersede PTC’s products formerly known as Pro/ENGINEER, CoCreate, and ProductView.[3] Other products include:

CREO parametric - formerly Pro/ENGINEER
CREO simulate - formerly Pro/MECHANICA
CREO direct - formerly CoCreate OneSpace Modeling
CREO options modeler
CREO illustrate schematics
CREO view
CREO illustrate

PTC Mathcad[edit]
Main article: Mathcad
Engineering calculation software that is used by engineers to solve, document and share the calculations used for product design.[4]
PTC Windchill[edit]
Web-based database software that provides access to product information like MCAD and ECAD data files, process documents, and software engineering information.[5] The PTC Windchill product provides a set of PLM Product Lifecycle Management capabilities and consists of the following products:

Windchill PDMLink
Windchill product analytics - formerly Materials Compliance
Windchill quality solutions - formerly Relex and NetRegulus
Windchill workgroup manager
Windchill projectlink
Windchill part classification
PTC FlexPLM

PTC Integrity[edit]
The PTC Integrity product provides a set of Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Systems Engineering capabilities and consists of the following products:[6]

PTC Integrity Asset Library
PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager - formerly MKS Integrity
PTC Integrity Modeler - formerly Atego Modeler
PTC Integrity Process Check
PTC Integrity Process Consumer
PTC Integrity Process Director
PTC Integrity Process Perspective
PTC Integrity Requirements Connector
PTC AgileWorx

PTC Servigistics[edit]
Service lifecycle management SLM software that is used by manufacturers to understand how service planning, customer service, and analysis of returned product data can improve service value over a product’s life.[7] PTC SLM productset includes:

Servigistics Inservice - formerly Enigma
Servigistics Arbortext - formerly Arbortext[8] without Servigistics
Servigistics Connected Field Services
Servigistics Predictive Service
Servigistics Remote Services
Servigistics Parts Pricing
Servigistics Arbortext Editor
Servigistics Arbortext Isodraw
Servigistics Arbortext Isoview
Servigistics Service Network Management
Servigistics Service Parts Management

ThingWorx[edit]
A platform for the rapid development of applications designed for smart, connected sensors, devices, and products – or the Internet of Things.[9]
Axeda[edit]
A cloud-based service and software for managing connected products and machines and implementing Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) applications.[10][11]
Vuforia[edit]
Vuforia is an Augmented Reality Software Development Kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications.
Kepware[edit]
Kepware software, primarily KEPServerEX, is a connectivity platform for a diverse set of industrial automation endpoints. The software enables users to connect, manage, monitor, and control heterogeneous devices in the Industrial Internet of Things.
Implementer[edit]
The PTC Implementer product is a Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) system for the IBM i platform.
History[edit]
1985 - Company founded by Samuel Geisberg, and Mike Payne formerly from Prime Computer, Computervision, and Applicon.[12]
1988 - Steve Walske named CEO.[13] Company shipped Pro/ENGINEER and was considered first to market with parametric modeling design software.[14] This positions PTC as a leader in the CAD industry until the mid-1990s when a new generation of low-cost competitors arrive in the market.[15]
1989 - Initial public offering. (NASDAQ: PMTC)[16]
1992 - Caterpillar Inc. becomes PTC’s largest customer.[15]
1996 - PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology[17] sold the following year to the Beck Group.
1998 - Company ships Windchill and is considered first to market with internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).[15]
1999 - PTC announces it has 25,000 customers. Major industries include aerospace, retail/footwear/apparel, automotive, industrial equipment, consumer products, electronics, and high tech.[18]
1999 - Acquired Division Group (Division Ltd, Bristol Uk, Division Inc) Virtual reality - dVision Head Mounted Display & Software[19][20][21][22]
2002 - The company releases Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire.[23] This is the first CAD system to support web-based services.[15]
2005 - Acquired Arbortext for technical publishing technology.[24] Acquired Aptavis for retail, footwear and apparel technology.[25]
2006 - Acquired Mathsoft for its engineering calculation software.[26] Acquired ITEDO for its 3D technical illustration software.[27]
2007 - Acquired CoCreate for its direct modeling technology.[28]
2008 - Acquired Synapsis for its performance analytics technology to improve environmental performance of products.[29]
2009 - Acquired Relex Software for its reliability engineering software.[30]
2010 - James E. Heppelmann announced as CEO effective October 1, 2010.[31] Company renames Pro/ENGINEER to PTC Creo and promises the market product design software that is scalable, open, and easy-to-use.[32]
2011 - Acquired 4CS for its warranty, service, support and service parts technology.[33] Acquired MKS for its application lifecycle management technology for all software development processes.[34]
2012 - Acquired Servigistics for its suite of service lifecycle management software.[35]
2013 - Acquired NetIDEAS hosting vendor for more technology deployment options.[36] Acquired Enigma for its ability to deliver technical content to aftermarket service environments.[37] Acquired Internet of Things platform developer ThingWorx for their software applications that connect and track network-enabled products.[38]
2013 - Acquired ThingWorx, the Exton, Pennsylvania-based creators of an award-winning platform for building and running applications for the Internet of Things (IoT).
2014 - Acquired Axeda Corporation[39]
2014 - Acquired ATEGO Software, a leader in MBSE (model-based systems engineering) tool used in aerospace, transportation, and automotive industries (such as Alstom Transport and Rolls-Royce Defence)[40]
2015 - Acquired the Vuforia business from Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated. The Vuforia™ platform is the industry’s most advanced and widely adopted augmented reality (AR) technology platform.
2015 - Acquired Kepware, a software development company that provides communications connectivity to industrial automation environments.
Companies acquired by PTC[edit]

Prime Computer in 1992.
CDRS and 3DPaint from Evans & Sutherland on April 12, 1995 for $33,507,000.[41]
Rasna Corp., developers of MECHANICA design optimization and simulation software, in May 1995 for $180 million.[42]
PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology in July 1996, for $30m.[17]
Computervision, developers of CADDS, MEDUSA and the MPDS Plant Design System in 1998[43]
Division Group (Division Ltd, Division Inc) dVisor Virtual Reality HMD[19][20][21][22]
Polyplan, Technologies acquired 2005 for Manufacturing Process Management
Arbortext in 2005, for $190 million[44]
DENC AG and Cadtrain Inc. in late 2005 for an aggregate of $10 million. DENC adds a German consulting practice with expertise integrating PTC applications with enterprise-resource-planning software. Irvine, Calif.-based Cadtrain provides online training modules for PTC software.[45]
Aptavis Technology Corp, Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel, in June 2005[46]
Mathsoft, developers of Mathcad, in April 2006 for $63 million.[47]
ITEDO Software GmbH in October 2006 for $17 million. ITEDO developed technical illustration software and had 34 employees mainly in Germany and the United States.[48]
NC Graphics in May 2007 for an undisclosed sum.[49]
NetRegulus, Inc,an Enterprise Study and Quality management software for Medical Devices, in November 2007[50]
CoCreate in December 2007 for $250 million.[51]
Synapsis Technology in December 2008 for an undisclosed sum.[52]
Relex Software in June 2009 for $25 Million.[53]
Planet Metrics in January 2010 for an undisclosed sum.[54]
MKS Software makers of MKS Integrity - May, 2011[55]
4CS Software Solutions Inc, a developer of warranty management and service lifecycle management software for an undisclosed sum[56]
Servigistics in August 2012
Enigma in July 2013/
NetIDEAS in September 2013
ThingWorx in January 2014[57]
Atego (company), a developer of model-based systems and software engineering applications based in Cheltenham, UK for approximately $50 million in cash in July 2014[58]
Axeda Corporation - a leader in the M2M / IoT space connecting things with people and other things, based in Foxborough, MA for approximately $170 million in cash in August 2014
Coldlight in 2015
Vuforia in 2015
Kepware in 2015 for approximately $100 million, plus up to an additional $18 million based on achievement of certain strategic initiatives and financial results.
Plugin76 R&D in 2017

Support of STEM Education[edit]
In 1999, PTC created a Global Academic Program designed to support educational initiatives in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills. The program aims to partner schools and universities with companies to assist students in developing real-world skills needed for careers in manufacturing, technology, and other STEM jobs.[59] The program also has a direct recruitment program intended to place students in jobs with PTC’s commercial customers.[59]
PTC has also been a corporate sponsor of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) since 2008, providing participating students with access to PTC software for use in the FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Lego League, and FIRST World Championship.[60]
Awards and accolades[edit]
4th Annual Postscapes Internet of Things (IoT) Awards:[61][62]
[63]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "2015 Annual Report Inc." (PDF). 
^ Bloomberg : PTC Inc.
^ "PTC Creo". http://www.ptc.com/product/creo.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Mathcad". http://www.ptc.com/product/mathcad.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Windchill". http://www.ptc.com/product/windchill.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Integrity". PTC, Inc. 
^ "PTC Servigistics". http://www.ptc.com/product/servigistics.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Arbortext". http://www.ptc.com/product/arbortext.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "ThingWorx". http://www.ptc.com/product/thingworx.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ PTC Acquires Axeda
^ About Axeda
^ "Parametric Technology Corp.". IndustryWeek. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Forbes Profile: Steve Walske". Forbes. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "CAD software - history of CAD CAM". CADAZZ. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b c d Weisberg, David E. (2008). The Engineering Design Revolution: The People, Companies and Computer Systems That Changed Forever the Practice of Engineering (PDF). 
^ "Parametric Technology Corporation (PMTC)". Investor Village. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b Parametric Technology Corporation acquires object-oriented software technology for project modeling and management PTC news release dated 11 July 1996 (archived at FreeLibrary.com). Retrieved: 17 October 2015.
^ "Parametric Technology Reports Fiscal 1999 Second Quarter Results". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b "PTC History and Acquisitions". PTC: Product & Service Advantage. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b Hargreaves, Martin. "Virtual Reality: 1993 and 2013 Comparison between 1993 Division dVisor and 3D Mouse vs 2013 Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra.". medium.com. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "PTC Announces Intent To Acquire Division Group plc More information about Division Group plc can be found at www.Division.com.". wayback machine. Archived from the original on June 28, 2015. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "Division Inc......+1.650.312.8200......www.division.com......info@division.com Division Ltd......+44.1454.615554......www.division.co.uk......info@division.co.uk,". wayback machine. Archived from the original on February 3, 1998. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ "PTC's Pro/ENGINEER(R) Wildfire(TM) Delivers Industry's Best Platform For Product Development". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Forays Into Publishing". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Buys Aptavis, Grows PLM For Retail, Apparel Firms". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Mathsoft Buy Will Enhance PTC's Analytical Capabilities". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ferris, Sara. "PTC Acquires ITEDO, IsoDraw Products". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Rowe, Jeff. "PTC Completes CoCreate Acquisition". MCADCafe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Halpern, Marc. "PTC's Acquisition of Synapsis Accelerates Green PLM Trend". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Shelley, Tom. "Acquisition boosts design reliability". Eureka Magazine. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "James Heppelmann assumes Role of CEO at PTC". CXO Today. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Hand, Randall. "PTC Renames Pro/ENGINEER to Creo Design Software". VizWorld. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Brown, Rodney. "PTC picks up warranty and service software firm 4CS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "PTC Buys MKS, Adds System and Software Management to PLM". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Barkai, Joe. "PTC Acquires Servigistics -- Strengthens Position in Service Lifecycle Management". IDC. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Resende, Patricia. "Post restructuring, PTC buys longtime partner NetIDEAS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Reidy, Chris. "PTC buys Enigma to enhance its service lifecycle management portfolio". Boston Globe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ogewell, Verdi. "Why PTC acquired ThingWorx". Engineering.com. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires Axeda". PTC. Retrieved August 2014.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires ATEGO". PTC. Retrieved 26 June 2014. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 10-K - for fiscal year 1995". getfilings. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 8-K - For 5/30/95 - EX-99.1". SEC Info. 1995-05-30. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC History and Acquisitions". Ptc.com. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.managingautomation.com/maonline/news/read/PTC_Acquisition_of_Arbortext_Adds_Dynamic_Publishing_to_PLM_Portfolio_8191
^ http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/stories/2006/02/27/daily16.html. Retrieved 2010-08-14.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "PTC Strengthens Commitment To Retail, Footwear And Apparel Industry". 
^ "PTC Buys Mathsoft, Part II - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2006-04-28. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ [1] Archived November 15, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "PTC Acquires, RenamesNC Graphics - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2007-05-16. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/WCMS/files/62812/en/NetRegulus_Customer_PTC_Notification_final.pdf
^ "CoCreate Customer Information". PTC.com. 2007-12-03. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Advances Green Product Design And Environmental Regulatory Compliance Solution With Acquisition Of Synapsis Technology". PTC.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2009-06-08. 
^ "Parametric Technology acquires Relex Software". TradingMarkets.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Extends InSight Product Analytics Solution With Environmental Impact Analysis Technology". PTC.com. 2010-02-08. Retrieved 2010-02-08. [dead link]
^ "PTC Sets New Standard for Managing Hardware and Software Development Lifecycles with MKS Integrity Acquisition". yahoo.com. 2011-05-31. Retrieved 2011-07-13. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/appserver/wcms/standards/textsub.jsp?&im_dbkey=130664&icg_dbkey=21
^ http://www.ptc.com/about/news-room/press-releases/2013/12/ptc-acquires-leading-internet-of-things-platform-provider-thingworx
^ http://www.corumgroup.com/transactions/ptc-atego
^ a b "STEM Directory: James Heppelmann - PTC". STEM Connector. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "13-Year-Old FRC CADder Luke Dreams of a Personal Robotic Butler". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Postcapes 2014/2015 Internet of Things AWARDS Postcapes
^ PTC, ThingWorx, Axeda Win 2014 Internet of Things (IoT) Awards in Six Different Categories M2M WorldNews
^ Cloud based PLM Software for Fashion Business PLM Fashion


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


PTC



Related articles



Creo Elements/Pro
Creo Elements/View
Windchill
Mathcad










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PTC_(software_company)&oldid=791109134"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQNeedham, MassachusettsSoftware companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLCS1 errors: datesPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItaliano日本語Русский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









PTC (software company) - Wikipedia






















 






PTC (software company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from PTC, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PTC (Parametric Technology Corporation)





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PTC
S&P 400 Component


Industry
CAD/CAM/CAE/ PLM Software/ ALM/ SLM/ IOT


Founded
May 1985; 32 years ago (1985-05)


Headquarters
Needham, Massachusetts, United States



Key people

Donald K. Grierson (Chairman)
James E. Heppelmann (President & CEO)


Products
PTC Creo, PTC Windchill, PTC Mathcad, PTC Integrity, PTC Servigistics, PTC Arbortext, ThingWorx


Revenue
 $1.3 billion USD (2015)[1]



Operating income

 $41.6 million USD (2015)[1]



Net income

 $48 million USD (2015)[1]



Number of employees

5,982 (2015)[1]


Website
www.ptc.com


PTC (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is a computer software and services company founded in 1985 and headquartered outside of Boston, Massachusetts. The company developed parametric, associative feature-based, solid computer-aided design (CAD) modeling software in 1988, including an Internet-based product for product lifecycle management (PLM) in 1998. PTC markets products and services and an Internet of things (IoT) and augmented reality (AR) platform for partners and developers.



Contents


1 Products

1.1 PTC Creo
1.2 PTC Mathcad
1.3 PTC Windchill
1.4 PTC Integrity
1.5 PTC Servigistics
1.6 ThingWorx
1.7 Axeda
1.8 Vuforia
1.9 Kepware
1.10 Implementer


2 History
3 Companies acquired by PTC
4 Support of STEM Education
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



Products[edit]
PTC has six core product families: Creo, Windchill, Mathcad, Integrity, Servigistics, ThingWorx. The Company's technology is primarily used by discrete manufacturers to design, operate and maintain complex products. PTC's technology is also used to connect products to the Internet for purposes of capturing and analyzing information from them.[2]
PTC Creo[edit]
Main articles: PTC Creo, PTC Creo Elements/Pro, Creo Elements/Direct, and PTC Creo Elements/View
The PTC CAD product provides a set of Computer Aided Design capabilities. PTC CAD is a suite of 2D and 3D product design software used to create, analyze and view product designs. PTC Creo software was released in June 2011 to replace and supersede PTC’s products formerly known as Pro/ENGINEER, CoCreate, and ProductView.[3] Other products include:

CREO parametric - formerly Pro/ENGINEER
CREO simulate - formerly Pro/MECHANICA
CREO direct - formerly CoCreate OneSpace Modeling
CREO options modeler
CREO illustrate schematics
CREO view
CREO illustrate

PTC Mathcad[edit]
Main article: Mathcad
Engineering calculation software that is used by engineers to solve, document and share the calculations used for product design.[4]
PTC Windchill[edit]
Web-based database software that provides access to product information like MCAD and ECAD data files, process documents, and software engineering information.[5] The PTC Windchill product provides a set of PLM Product Lifecycle Management capabilities and consists of the following products:

Windchill PDMLink
Windchill product analytics - formerly Materials Compliance
Windchill quality solutions - formerly Relex and NetRegulus
Windchill workgroup manager
Windchill projectlink
Windchill part classification
PTC FlexPLM

PTC Integrity[edit]
The PTC Integrity product provides a set of Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Systems Engineering capabilities and consists of the following products:[6]

PTC Integrity Asset Library
PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager - formerly MKS Integrity
PTC Integrity Modeler - formerly Atego Modeler
PTC Integrity Process Check
PTC Integrity Process Consumer
PTC Integrity Process Director
PTC Integrity Process Perspective
PTC Integrity Requirements Connector
PTC AgileWorx

PTC Servigistics[edit]
Service lifecycle management SLM software that is used by manufacturers to understand how service planning, customer service, and analysis of returned product data can improve service value over a product’s life.[7] PTC SLM productset includes:

Servigistics Inservice - formerly Enigma
Servigistics Arbortext - formerly Arbortext[8] without Servigistics
Servigistics Connected Field Services
Servigistics Predictive Service
Servigistics Remote Services
Servigistics Parts Pricing
Servigistics Arbortext Editor
Servigistics Arbortext Isodraw
Servigistics Arbortext Isoview
Servigistics Service Network Management
Servigistics Service Parts Management

ThingWorx[edit]
A platform for the rapid development of applications designed for smart, connected sensors, devices, and products – or the Internet of Things.[9]
Axeda[edit]
A cloud-based service and software for managing connected products and machines and implementing Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) applications.[10][11]
Vuforia[edit]
Vuforia is an Augmented Reality Software Development Kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications.
Kepware[edit]
Kepware software, primarily KEPServerEX, is a connectivity platform for a diverse set of industrial automation endpoints. The software enables users to connect, manage, monitor, and control heterogeneous devices in the Industrial Internet of Things.
Implementer[edit]
The PTC Implementer product is a Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) system for the IBM i platform.
History[edit]
1985 - Company founded by Samuel Geisberg, and Mike Payne formerly from Prime Computer, Computervision, and Applicon.[12]
1988 - Steve Walske named CEO.[13] Company shipped Pro/ENGINEER and was considered first to market with parametric modeling design software.[14] This positions PTC as a leader in the CAD industry until the mid-1990s when a new generation of low-cost competitors arrive in the market.[15]
1989 - Initial public offering. (NASDAQ: PMTC)[16]
1992 - Caterpillar Inc. becomes PTC’s largest customer.[15]
1996 - PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology[17] sold the following year to the Beck Group.
1998 - Company ships Windchill and is considered first to market with internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).[15]
1999 - PTC announces it has 25,000 customers. Major industries include aerospace, retail/footwear/apparel, automotive, industrial equipment, consumer products, electronics, and high tech.[18]
1999 - Acquired Division Group (Division Ltd, Bristol Uk, Division Inc) Virtual reality - dVision Head Mounted Display & Software[19][20][21][22]
2002 - The company releases Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire.[23] This is the first CAD system to support web-based services.[15]
2005 - Acquired Arbortext for technical publishing technology.[24] Acquired Aptavis for retail, footwear and apparel technology.[25]
2006 - Acquired Mathsoft for its engineering calculation software.[26] Acquired ITEDO for its 3D technical illustration software.[27]
2007 - Acquired CoCreate for its direct modeling technology.[28]
2008 - Acquired Synapsis for its performance analytics technology to improve environmental performance of products.[29]
2009 - Acquired Relex Software for its reliability engineering software.[30]
2010 - James E. Heppelmann announced as CEO effective October 1, 2010.[31] Company renames Pro/ENGINEER to PTC Creo and promises the market product design software that is scalable, open, and easy-to-use.[32]
2011 - Acquired 4CS for its warranty, service, support and service parts technology.[33] Acquired MKS for its application lifecycle management technology for all software development processes.[34]
2012 - Acquired Servigistics for its suite of service lifecycle management software.[35]
2013 - Acquired NetIDEAS hosting vendor for more technology deployment options.[36] Acquired Enigma for its ability to deliver technical content to aftermarket service environments.[37] Acquired Internet of Things platform developer ThingWorx for their software applications that connect and track network-enabled products.[38]
2013 - Acquired ThingWorx, the Exton, Pennsylvania-based creators of an award-winning platform for building and running applications for the Internet of Things (IoT).
2014 - Acquired Axeda Corporation[39]
2014 - Acquired ATEGO Software, a leader in MBSE (model-based systems engineering) tool used in aerospace, transportation, and automotive industries (such as Alstom Transport and Rolls-Royce Defence)[40]
2015 - Acquired the Vuforia business from Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated. The Vuforia™ platform is the industry’s most advanced and widely adopted augmented reality (AR) technology platform.
2015 - Acquired Kepware, a software development company that provides communications connectivity to industrial automation environments.
Companies acquired by PTC[edit]

Prime Computer in 1992.
CDRS and 3DPaint from Evans & Sutherland on April 12, 1995 for $33,507,000.[41]
Rasna Corp., developers of MECHANICA design optimization and simulation software, in May 1995 for $180 million.[42]
PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology in July 1996, for $30m.[17]
Computervision, developers of CADDS, MEDUSA and the MPDS Plant Design System in 1998[43]
Division Group (Division Ltd, Division Inc) dVisor Virtual Reality HMD[19][20][21][22]
Polyplan, Technologies acquired 2005 for Manufacturing Process Management
Arbortext in 2005, for $190 million[44]
DENC AG and Cadtrain Inc. in late 2005 for an aggregate of $10 million. DENC adds a German consulting practice with expertise integrating PTC applications with enterprise-resource-planning software. Irvine, Calif.-based Cadtrain provides online training modules for PTC software.[45]
Aptavis Technology Corp, Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel, in June 2005[46]
Mathsoft, developers of Mathcad, in April 2006 for $63 million.[47]
ITEDO Software GmbH in October 2006 for $17 million. ITEDO developed technical illustration software and had 34 employees mainly in Germany and the United States.[48]
NC Graphics in May 2007 for an undisclosed sum.[49]
NetRegulus, Inc,an Enterprise Study and Quality management software for Medical Devices, in November 2007[50]
CoCreate in December 2007 for $250 million.[51]
Synapsis Technology in December 2008 for an undisclosed sum.[52]
Relex Software in June 2009 for $25 Million.[53]
Planet Metrics in January 2010 for an undisclosed sum.[54]
MKS Software makers of MKS Integrity - May, 2011[55]
4CS Software Solutions Inc, a developer of warranty management and service lifecycle management software for an undisclosed sum[56]
Servigistics in August 2012
Enigma in July 2013/
NetIDEAS in September 2013
ThingWorx in January 2014[57]
Atego (company), a developer of model-based systems and software engineering applications based in Cheltenham, UK for approximately $50 million in cash in July 2014[58]
Axeda Corporation - a leader in the M2M / IoT space connecting things with people and other things, based in Foxborough, MA for approximately $170 million in cash in August 2014
Coldlight in 2015
Vuforia in 2015
Kepware in 2015 for approximately $100 million, plus up to an additional $18 million based on achievement of certain strategic initiatives and financial results.
Plugin76 R&D in 2017

Support of STEM Education[edit]
In 1999, PTC created a Global Academic Program designed to support educational initiatives in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills. The program aims to partner schools and universities with companies to assist students in developing real-world skills needed for careers in manufacturing, technology, and other STEM jobs.[59] The program also has a direct recruitment program intended to place students in jobs with PTC’s commercial customers.[59]
PTC has also been a corporate sponsor of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) since 2008, providing participating students with access to PTC software for use in the FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Lego League, and FIRST World Championship.[60]
Awards and accolades[edit]
4th Annual Postscapes Internet of Things (IoT) Awards:[61][62]
[63]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "2015 Annual Report Inc." (PDF). 
^ Bloomberg : PTC Inc.
^ "PTC Creo". http://www.ptc.com/product/creo.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Mathcad". http://www.ptc.com/product/mathcad.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Windchill". http://www.ptc.com/product/windchill.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Integrity". PTC, Inc. 
^ "PTC Servigistics". http://www.ptc.com/product/servigistics.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Arbortext". http://www.ptc.com/product/arbortext.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "ThingWorx". http://www.ptc.com/product/thingworx.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ PTC Acquires Axeda
^ About Axeda
^ "Parametric Technology Corp.". IndustryWeek. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Forbes Profile: Steve Walske". Forbes. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "CAD software - history of CAD CAM". CADAZZ. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b c d Weisberg, David E. (2008). The Engineering Design Revolution: The People, Companies and Computer Systems That Changed Forever the Practice of Engineering (PDF). 
^ "Parametric Technology Corporation (PMTC)". Investor Village. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b Parametric Technology Corporation acquires object-oriented software technology for project modeling and management PTC news release dated 11 July 1996 (archived at FreeLibrary.com). Retrieved: 17 October 2015.
^ "Parametric Technology Reports Fiscal 1999 Second Quarter Results". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b "PTC History and Acquisitions". PTC: Product & Service Advantage. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b Hargreaves, Martin. "Virtual Reality: 1993 and 2013 Comparison between 1993 Division dVisor and 3D Mouse vs 2013 Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra.". medium.com. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "PTC Announces Intent To Acquire Division Group plc More information about Division Group plc can be found at www.Division.com.". wayback machine. Archived from the original on June 28, 2015. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "Division Inc......+1.650.312.8200......www.division.com......info@division.com Division Ltd......+44.1454.615554......www.division.co.uk......info@division.co.uk,". wayback machine. Archived from the original on February 3, 1998. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ "PTC's Pro/ENGINEER(R) Wildfire(TM) Delivers Industry's Best Platform For Product Development". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Forays Into Publishing". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Buys Aptavis, Grows PLM For Retail, Apparel Firms". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Mathsoft Buy Will Enhance PTC's Analytical Capabilities". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ferris, Sara. "PTC Acquires ITEDO, IsoDraw Products". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Rowe, Jeff. "PTC Completes CoCreate Acquisition". MCADCafe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Halpern, Marc. "PTC's Acquisition of Synapsis Accelerates Green PLM Trend". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Shelley, Tom. "Acquisition boosts design reliability". Eureka Magazine. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "James Heppelmann assumes Role of CEO at PTC". CXO Today. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Hand, Randall. "PTC Renames Pro/ENGINEER to Creo Design Software". VizWorld. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Brown, Rodney. "PTC picks up warranty and service software firm 4CS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "PTC Buys MKS, Adds System and Software Management to PLM". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Barkai, Joe. "PTC Acquires Servigistics -- Strengthens Position in Service Lifecycle Management". IDC. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Resende, Patricia. "Post restructuring, PTC buys longtime partner NetIDEAS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Reidy, Chris. "PTC buys Enigma to enhance its service lifecycle management portfolio". Boston Globe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ogewell, Verdi. "Why PTC acquired ThingWorx". Engineering.com. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires Axeda". PTC. Retrieved August 2014.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires ATEGO". PTC. Retrieved 26 June 2014. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 10-K - for fiscal year 1995". getfilings. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 8-K - For 5/30/95 - EX-99.1". SEC Info. 1995-05-30. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC History and Acquisitions". Ptc.com. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.managingautomation.com/maonline/news/read/PTC_Acquisition_of_Arbortext_Adds_Dynamic_Publishing_to_PLM_Portfolio_8191
^ http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/stories/2006/02/27/daily16.html. Retrieved 2010-08-14.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "PTC Strengthens Commitment To Retail, Footwear And Apparel Industry". 
^ "PTC Buys Mathsoft, Part II - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2006-04-28. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ [1] Archived November 15, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "PTC Acquires, RenamesNC Graphics - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2007-05-16. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/WCMS/files/62812/en/NetRegulus_Customer_PTC_Notification_final.pdf
^ "CoCreate Customer Information". PTC.com. 2007-12-03. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Advances Green Product Design And Environmental Regulatory Compliance Solution With Acquisition Of Synapsis Technology". PTC.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2009-06-08. 
^ "Parametric Technology acquires Relex Software". TradingMarkets.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Extends InSight Product Analytics Solution With Environmental Impact Analysis Technology". PTC.com. 2010-02-08. Retrieved 2010-02-08. [dead link]
^ "PTC Sets New Standard for Managing Hardware and Software Development Lifecycles with MKS Integrity Acquisition". yahoo.com. 2011-05-31. Retrieved 2011-07-13. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/appserver/wcms/standards/textsub.jsp?&im_dbkey=130664&icg_dbkey=21
^ http://www.ptc.com/about/news-room/press-releases/2013/12/ptc-acquires-leading-internet-of-things-platform-provider-thingworx
^ http://www.corumgroup.com/transactions/ptc-atego
^ a b "STEM Directory: James Heppelmann - PTC". STEM Connector. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "13-Year-Old FRC CADder Luke Dreams of a Personal Robotic Butler". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Postcapes 2014/2015 Internet of Things AWARDS Postcapes
^ PTC, ThingWorx, Axeda Win 2014 Internet of Things (IoT) Awards in Six Different Categories M2M WorldNews
^ Cloud based PLM Software for Fashion Business PLM Fashion


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


PTC



Related articles



Creo Elements/Pro
Creo Elements/View
Windchill
Mathcad










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PTC_(software_company)&oldid=791109134"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQNeedham, MassachusettsSoftware companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLCS1 errors: datesPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItaliano日本語Русский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









PTC (software company) - Wikipedia






















 






PTC (software company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from PTC, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PTC (Parametric Technology Corporation)





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PTC
S&P 400 Component


Industry
CAD/CAM/CAE/ PLM Software/ ALM/ SLM/ IOT


Founded
May 1985; 32 years ago (1985-05)


Headquarters
Needham, Massachusetts, United States



Key people

Donald K. Grierson (Chairman)
James E. Heppelmann (President & CEO)


Products
PTC Creo, PTC Windchill, PTC Mathcad, PTC Integrity, PTC Servigistics, PTC Arbortext, ThingWorx


Revenue
 $1.3 billion USD (2015)[1]



Operating income

 $41.6 million USD (2015)[1]



Net income

 $48 million USD (2015)[1]



Number of employees

5,982 (2015)[1]


Website
www.ptc.com


PTC (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is a computer software and services company founded in 1985 and headquartered outside of Boston, Massachusetts. The company developed parametric, associative feature-based, solid computer-aided design (CAD) modeling software in 1988, including an Internet-based product for product lifecycle management (PLM) in 1998. PTC markets products and services and an Internet of things (IoT) and augmented reality (AR) platform for partners and developers.



Contents


1 Products

1.1 PTC Creo
1.2 PTC Mathcad
1.3 PTC Windchill
1.4 PTC Integrity
1.5 PTC Servigistics
1.6 ThingWorx
1.7 Axeda
1.8 Vuforia
1.9 Kepware
1.10 Implementer


2 History
3 Companies acquired by PTC
4 Support of STEM Education
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



Products[edit]
PTC has six core product families: Creo, Windchill, Mathcad, Integrity, Servigistics, ThingWorx. The Company's technology is primarily used by discrete manufacturers to design, operate and maintain complex products. PTC's technology is also used to connect products to the Internet for purposes of capturing and analyzing information from them.[2]
PTC Creo[edit]
Main articles: PTC Creo, PTC Creo Elements/Pro, Creo Elements/Direct, and PTC Creo Elements/View
The PTC CAD product provides a set of Computer Aided Design capabilities. PTC CAD is a suite of 2D and 3D product design software used to create, analyze and view product designs. PTC Creo software was released in June 2011 to replace and supersede PTC’s products formerly known as Pro/ENGINEER, CoCreate, and ProductView.[3] Other products include:

CREO parametric - formerly Pro/ENGINEER
CREO simulate - formerly Pro/MECHANICA
CREO direct - formerly CoCreate OneSpace Modeling
CREO options modeler
CREO illustrate schematics
CREO view
CREO illustrate

PTC Mathcad[edit]
Main article: Mathcad
Engineering calculation software that is used by engineers to solve, document and share the calculations used for product design.[4]
PTC Windchill[edit]
Web-based database software that provides access to product information like MCAD and ECAD data files, process documents, and software engineering information.[5] The PTC Windchill product provides a set of PLM Product Lifecycle Management capabilities and consists of the following products:

Windchill PDMLink
Windchill product analytics - formerly Materials Compliance
Windchill quality solutions - formerly Relex and NetRegulus
Windchill workgroup manager
Windchill projectlink
Windchill part classification
PTC FlexPLM

PTC Integrity[edit]
The PTC Integrity product provides a set of Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Systems Engineering capabilities and consists of the following products:[6]

PTC Integrity Asset Library
PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager - formerly MKS Integrity
PTC Integrity Modeler - formerly Atego Modeler
PTC Integrity Process Check
PTC Integrity Process Consumer
PTC Integrity Process Director
PTC Integrity Process Perspective
PTC Integrity Requirements Connector
PTC AgileWorx

PTC Servigistics[edit]
Service lifecycle management SLM software that is used by manufacturers to understand how service planning, customer service, and analysis of returned product data can improve service value over a product’s life.[7] PTC SLM productset includes:

Servigistics Inservice - formerly Enigma
Servigistics Arbortext - formerly Arbortext[8] without Servigistics
Servigistics Connected Field Services
Servigistics Predictive Service
Servigistics Remote Services
Servigistics Parts Pricing
Servigistics Arbortext Editor
Servigistics Arbortext Isodraw
Servigistics Arbortext Isoview
Servigistics Service Network Management
Servigistics Service Parts Management

ThingWorx[edit]
A platform for the rapid development of applications designed for smart, connected sensors, devices, and products – or the Internet of Things.[9]
Axeda[edit]
A cloud-based service and software for managing connected products and machines and implementing Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) applications.[10][11]
Vuforia[edit]
Vuforia is an Augmented Reality Software Development Kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications.
Kepware[edit]
Kepware software, primarily KEPServerEX, is a connectivity platform for a diverse set of industrial automation endpoints. The software enables users to connect, manage, monitor, and control heterogeneous devices in the Industrial Internet of Things.
Implementer[edit]
The PTC Implementer product is a Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) system for the IBM i platform.
History[edit]
1985 - Company founded by Samuel Geisberg, and Mike Payne formerly from Prime Computer, Computervision, and Applicon.[12]
1988 - Steve Walske named CEO.[13] Company shipped Pro/ENGINEER and was considered first to market with parametric modeling design software.[14] This positions PTC as a leader in the CAD industry until the mid-1990s when a new generation of low-cost competitors arrive in the market.[15]
1989 - Initial public offering. (NASDAQ: PMTC)[16]
1992 - Caterpillar Inc. becomes PTC’s largest customer.[15]
1996 - PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology[17] sold the following year to the Beck Group.
1998 - Company ships Windchill and is considered first to market with internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).[15]
1999 - PTC announces it has 25,000 customers. Major industries include aerospace, retail/footwear/apparel, automotive, industrial equipment, consumer products, electronics, and high tech.[18]
1999 - Acquired Division Group (Division Ltd, Bristol Uk, Division Inc) Virtual reality - dVision Head Mounted Display & Software[19][20][21][22]
2002 - The company releases Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire.[23] This is the first CAD system to support web-based services.[15]
2005 - Acquired Arbortext for technical publishing technology.[24] Acquired Aptavis for retail, footwear and apparel technology.[25]
2006 - Acquired Mathsoft for its engineering calculation software.[26] Acquired ITEDO for its 3D technical illustration software.[27]
2007 - Acquired CoCreate for its direct modeling technology.[28]
2008 - Acquired Synapsis for its performance analytics technology to improve environmental performance of products.[29]
2009 - Acquired Relex Software for its reliability engineering software.[30]
2010 - James E. Heppelmann announced as CEO effective October 1, 2010.[31] Company renames Pro/ENGINEER to PTC Creo and promises the market product design software that is scalable, open, and easy-to-use.[32]
2011 - Acquired 4CS for its warranty, service, support and service parts technology.[33] Acquired MKS for its application lifecycle management technology for all software development processes.[34]
2012 - Acquired Servigistics for its suite of service lifecycle management software.[35]
2013 - Acquired NetIDEAS hosting vendor for more technology deployment options.[36] Acquired Enigma for its ability to deliver technical content to aftermarket service environments.[37] Acquired Internet of Things platform developer ThingWorx for their software applications that connect and track network-enabled products.[38]
2013 - Acquired ThingWorx, the Exton, Pennsylvania-based creators of an award-winning platform for building and running applications for the Internet of Things (IoT).
2014 - Acquired Axeda Corporation[39]
2014 - Acquired ATEGO Software, a leader in MBSE (model-based systems engineering) tool used in aerospace, transportation, and automotive industries (such as Alstom Transport and Rolls-Royce Defence)[40]
2015 - Acquired the Vuforia business from Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated. The Vuforia™ platform is the industry’s most advanced and widely adopted augmented reality (AR) technology platform.
2015 - Acquired Kepware, a software development company that provides communications connectivity to industrial automation environments.
Companies acquired by PTC[edit]

Prime Computer in 1992.
CDRS and 3DPaint from Evans & Sutherland on April 12, 1995 for $33,507,000.[41]
Rasna Corp., developers of MECHANICA design optimization and simulation software, in May 1995 for $180 million.[42]
PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology in July 1996, for $30m.[17]
Computervision, developers of CADDS, MEDUSA and the MPDS Plant Design System in 1998[43]
Division Group (Division Ltd, Division Inc) dVisor Virtual Reality HMD[19][20][21][22]
Polyplan, Technologies acquired 2005 for Manufacturing Process Management
Arbortext in 2005, for $190 million[44]
DENC AG and Cadtrain Inc. in late 2005 for an aggregate of $10 million. DENC adds a German consulting practice with expertise integrating PTC applications with enterprise-resource-planning software. Irvine, Calif.-based Cadtrain provides online training modules for PTC software.[45]
Aptavis Technology Corp, Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel, in June 2005[46]
Mathsoft, developers of Mathcad, in April 2006 for $63 million.[47]
ITEDO Software GmbH in October 2006 for $17 million. ITEDO developed technical illustration software and had 34 employees mainly in Germany and the United States.[48]
NC Graphics in May 2007 for an undisclosed sum.[49]
NetRegulus, Inc,an Enterprise Study and Quality management software for Medical Devices, in November 2007[50]
CoCreate in December 2007 for $250 million.[51]
Synapsis Technology in December 2008 for an undisclosed sum.[52]
Relex Software in June 2009 for $25 Million.[53]
Planet Metrics in January 2010 for an undisclosed sum.[54]
MKS Software makers of MKS Integrity - May, 2011[55]
4CS Software Solutions Inc, a developer of warranty management and service lifecycle management software for an undisclosed sum[56]
Servigistics in August 2012
Enigma in July 2013/
NetIDEAS in September 2013
ThingWorx in January 2014[57]
Atego (company), a developer of model-based systems and software engineering applications based in Cheltenham, UK for approximately $50 million in cash in July 2014[58]
Axeda Corporation - a leader in the M2M / IoT space connecting things with people and other things, based in Foxborough, MA for approximately $170 million in cash in August 2014
Coldlight in 2015
Vuforia in 2015
Kepware in 2015 for approximately $100 million, plus up to an additional $18 million based on achievement of certain strategic initiatives and financial results.
Plugin76 R&D in 2017

Support of STEM Education[edit]
In 1999, PTC created a Global Academic Program designed to support educational initiatives in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills. The program aims to partner schools and universities with companies to assist students in developing real-world skills needed for careers in manufacturing, technology, and other STEM jobs.[59] The program also has a direct recruitment program intended to place students in jobs with PTC’s commercial customers.[59]
PTC has also been a corporate sponsor of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) since 2008, providing participating students with access to PTC software for use in the FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Lego League, and FIRST World Championship.[60]
Awards and accolades[edit]
4th Annual Postscapes Internet of Things (IoT) Awards:[61][62]
[63]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "2015 Annual Report Inc." (PDF). 
^ Bloomberg : PTC Inc.
^ "PTC Creo". http://www.ptc.com/product/creo.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Mathcad". http://www.ptc.com/product/mathcad.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Windchill". http://www.ptc.com/product/windchill.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Integrity". PTC, Inc. 
^ "PTC Servigistics". http://www.ptc.com/product/servigistics.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Arbortext". http://www.ptc.com/product/arbortext.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "ThingWorx". http://www.ptc.com/product/thingworx.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ PTC Acquires Axeda
^ About Axeda
^ "Parametric Technology Corp.". IndustryWeek. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Forbes Profile: Steve Walske". Forbes. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "CAD software - history of CAD CAM". CADAZZ. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b c d Weisberg, David E. (2008). The Engineering Design Revolution: The People, Companies and Computer Systems That Changed Forever the Practice of Engineering (PDF). 
^ "Parametric Technology Corporation (PMTC)". Investor Village. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b Parametric Technology Corporation acquires object-oriented software technology for project modeling and management PTC news release dated 11 July 1996 (archived at FreeLibrary.com). Retrieved: 17 October 2015.
^ "Parametric Technology Reports Fiscal 1999 Second Quarter Results". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b "PTC History and Acquisitions". PTC: Product & Service Advantage. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b Hargreaves, Martin. "Virtual Reality: 1993 and 2013 Comparison between 1993 Division dVisor and 3D Mouse vs 2013 Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra.". medium.com. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "PTC Announces Intent To Acquire Division Group plc More information about Division Group plc can be found at www.Division.com.". wayback machine. Archived from the original on June 28, 2015. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "Division Inc......+1.650.312.8200......www.division.com......info@division.com Division Ltd......+44.1454.615554......www.division.co.uk......info@division.co.uk,". wayback machine. Archived from the original on February 3, 1998. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ "PTC's Pro/ENGINEER(R) Wildfire(TM) Delivers Industry's Best Platform For Product Development". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Forays Into Publishing". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Buys Aptavis, Grows PLM For Retail, Apparel Firms". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Mathsoft Buy Will Enhance PTC's Analytical Capabilities". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ferris, Sara. "PTC Acquires ITEDO, IsoDraw Products". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Rowe, Jeff. "PTC Completes CoCreate Acquisition". MCADCafe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Halpern, Marc. "PTC's Acquisition of Synapsis Accelerates Green PLM Trend". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Shelley, Tom. "Acquisition boosts design reliability". Eureka Magazine. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "James Heppelmann assumes Role of CEO at PTC". CXO Today. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Hand, Randall. "PTC Renames Pro/ENGINEER to Creo Design Software". VizWorld. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Brown, Rodney. "PTC picks up warranty and service software firm 4CS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "PTC Buys MKS, Adds System and Software Management to PLM". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Barkai, Joe. "PTC Acquires Servigistics -- Strengthens Position in Service Lifecycle Management". IDC. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Resende, Patricia. "Post restructuring, PTC buys longtime partner NetIDEAS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Reidy, Chris. "PTC buys Enigma to enhance its service lifecycle management portfolio". Boston Globe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ogewell, Verdi. "Why PTC acquired ThingWorx". Engineering.com. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires Axeda". PTC. Retrieved August 2014.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires ATEGO". PTC. Retrieved 26 June 2014. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 10-K - for fiscal year 1995". getfilings. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 8-K - For 5/30/95 - EX-99.1". SEC Info. 1995-05-30. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC History and Acquisitions". Ptc.com. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.managingautomation.com/maonline/news/read/PTC_Acquisition_of_Arbortext_Adds_Dynamic_Publishing_to_PLM_Portfolio_8191
^ http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/stories/2006/02/27/daily16.html. Retrieved 2010-08-14.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "PTC Strengthens Commitment To Retail, Footwear And Apparel Industry". 
^ "PTC Buys Mathsoft, Part II - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2006-04-28. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ [1] Archived November 15, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "PTC Acquires, RenamesNC Graphics - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2007-05-16. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/WCMS/files/62812/en/NetRegulus_Customer_PTC_Notification_final.pdf
^ "CoCreate Customer Information". PTC.com. 2007-12-03. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Advances Green Product Design And Environmental Regulatory Compliance Solution With Acquisition Of Synapsis Technology". PTC.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2009-06-08. 
^ "Parametric Technology acquires Relex Software". TradingMarkets.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Extends InSight Product Analytics Solution With Environmental Impact Analysis Technology". PTC.com. 2010-02-08. Retrieved 2010-02-08. [dead link]
^ "PTC Sets New Standard for Managing Hardware and Software Development Lifecycles with MKS Integrity Acquisition". yahoo.com. 2011-05-31. Retrieved 2011-07-13. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/appserver/wcms/standards/textsub.jsp?&im_dbkey=130664&icg_dbkey=21
^ http://www.ptc.com/about/news-room/press-releases/2013/12/ptc-acquires-leading-internet-of-things-platform-provider-thingworx
^ http://www.corumgroup.com/transactions/ptc-atego
^ a b "STEM Directory: James Heppelmann - PTC". STEM Connector. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "13-Year-Old FRC CADder Luke Dreams of a Personal Robotic Butler". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Postcapes 2014/2015 Internet of Things AWARDS Postcapes
^ PTC, ThingWorx, Axeda Win 2014 Internet of Things (IoT) Awards in Six Different Categories M2M WorldNews
^ Cloud based PLM Software for Fashion Business PLM Fashion


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


PTC



Related articles



Creo Elements/Pro
Creo Elements/View
Windchill
Mathcad










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PTC_(software_company)&oldid=791109134"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQNeedham, MassachusettsSoftware companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLCS1 errors: datesPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItaliano日本語Русский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









PTC (software company) - Wikipedia






















 






PTC (software company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from PTC, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PTC (Parametric Technology Corporation)





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PTC
S&P 400 Component


Industry
CAD/CAM/CAE/ PLM Software/ ALM/ SLM/ IOT


Founded
May 1985; 32 years ago (1985-05)


Headquarters
Needham, Massachusetts, United States



Key people

Donald K. Grierson (Chairman)
James E. Heppelmann (President & CEO)


Products
PTC Creo, PTC Windchill, PTC Mathcad, PTC Integrity, PTC Servigistics, PTC Arbortext, ThingWorx


Revenue
 $1.3 billion USD (2015)[1]



Operating income

 $41.6 million USD (2015)[1]



Net income

 $48 million USD (2015)[1]



Number of employees

5,982 (2015)[1]


Website
www.ptc.com


PTC (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is a computer software and services company founded in 1985 and headquartered outside of Boston, Massachusetts. The company developed parametric, associative feature-based, solid computer-aided design (CAD) modeling software in 1988, including an Internet-based product for product lifecycle management (PLM) in 1998. PTC markets products and services and an Internet of things (IoT) and augmented reality (AR) platform for partners and developers.



Contents


1 Products

1.1 PTC Creo
1.2 PTC Mathcad
1.3 PTC Windchill
1.4 PTC Integrity
1.5 PTC Servigistics
1.6 ThingWorx
1.7 Axeda
1.8 Vuforia
1.9 Kepware
1.10 Implementer


2 History
3 Companies acquired by PTC
4 Support of STEM Education
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



Products[edit]
PTC has six core product families: Creo, Windchill, Mathcad, Integrity, Servigistics, ThingWorx. The Company's technology is primarily used by discrete manufacturers to design, operate and maintain complex products. PTC's technology is also used to connect products to the Internet for purposes of capturing and analyzing information from them.[2]
PTC Creo[edit]
Main articles: PTC Creo, PTC Creo Elements/Pro, Creo Elements/Direct, and PTC Creo Elements/View
The PTC CAD product provides a set of Computer Aided Design capabilities. PTC CAD is a suite of 2D and 3D product design software used to create, analyze and view product designs. PTC Creo software was released in June 2011 to replace and supersede PTC’s products formerly known as Pro/ENGINEER, CoCreate, and ProductView.[3] Other products include:

CREO parametric - formerly Pro/ENGINEER
CREO simulate - formerly Pro/MECHANICA
CREO direct - formerly CoCreate OneSpace Modeling
CREO options modeler
CREO illustrate schematics
CREO view
CREO illustrate

PTC Mathcad[edit]
Main article: Mathcad
Engineering calculation software that is used by engineers to solve, document and share the calculations used for product design.[4]
PTC Windchill[edit]
Web-based database software that provides access to product information like MCAD and ECAD data files, process documents, and software engineering information.[5] The PTC Windchill product provides a set of PLM Product Lifecycle Management capabilities and consists of the following products:

Windchill PDMLink
Windchill product analytics - formerly Materials Compliance
Windchill quality solutions - formerly Relex and NetRegulus
Windchill workgroup manager
Windchill projectlink
Windchill part classification
PTC FlexPLM

PTC Integrity[edit]
The PTC Integrity product provides a set of Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Systems Engineering capabilities and consists of the following products:[6]

PTC Integrity Asset Library
PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager - formerly MKS Integrity
PTC Integrity Modeler - formerly Atego Modeler
PTC Integrity Process Check
PTC Integrity Process Consumer
PTC Integrity Process Director
PTC Integrity Process Perspective
PTC Integrity Requirements Connector
PTC AgileWorx

PTC Servigistics[edit]
Service lifecycle management SLM software that is used by manufacturers to understand how service planning, customer service, and analysis of returned product data can improve service value over a product’s life.[7] PTC SLM productset includes:

Servigistics Inservice - formerly Enigma
Servigistics Arbortext - formerly Arbortext[8] without Servigistics
Servigistics Connected Field Services
Servigistics Predictive Service
Servigistics Remote Services
Servigistics Parts Pricing
Servigistics Arbortext Editor
Servigistics Arbortext Isodraw
Servigistics Arbortext Isoview
Servigistics Service Network Management
Servigistics Service Parts Management

ThingWorx[edit]
A platform for the rapid development of applications designed for smart, connected sensors, devices, and products – or the Internet of Things.[9]
Axeda[edit]
A cloud-based service and software for managing connected products and machines and implementing Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) applications.[10][11]
Vuforia[edit]
Vuforia is an Augmented Reality Software Development Kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications.
Kepware[edit]
Kepware software, primarily KEPServerEX, is a connectivity platform for a diverse set of industrial automation endpoints. The software enables users to connect, manage, monitor, and control heterogeneous devices in the Industrial Internet of Things.
Implementer[edit]
The PTC Implementer product is a Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) system for the IBM i platform.
History[edit]
1985 - Company founded by Samuel Geisberg, and Mike Payne formerly from Prime Computer, Computervision, and Applicon.[12]
1988 - Steve Walske named CEO.[13] Company shipped Pro/ENGINEER and was considered first to market with parametric modeling design software.[14] This positions PTC as a leader in the CAD industry until the mid-1990s when a new generation of low-cost competitors arrive in the market.[15]
1989 - Initial public offering. (NASDAQ: PMTC)[16]
1992 - Caterpillar Inc. becomes PTC’s largest customer.[15]
1996 - PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology[17] sold the following year to the Beck Group.
1998 - Company ships Windchill and is considered first to market with internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).[15]
1999 - PTC announces it has 25,000 customers. Major industries include aerospace, retail/footwear/apparel, automotive, industrial equipment, consumer products, electronics, and high tech.[18]
1999 - Acquired Division Group (Division Ltd, Bristol Uk, Division Inc) Virtual reality - dVision Head Mounted Display & Software[19][20][21][22]
2002 - The company releases Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire.[23] This is the first CAD system to support web-based services.[15]
2005 - Acquired Arbortext for technical publishing technology.[24] Acquired Aptavis for retail, footwear and apparel technology.[25]
2006 - Acquired Mathsoft for its engineering calculation software.[26] Acquired ITEDO for its 3D technical illustration software.[27]
2007 - Acquired CoCreate for its direct modeling technology.[28]
2008 - Acquired Synapsis for its performance analytics technology to improve environmental performance of products.[29]
2009 - Acquired Relex Software for its reliability engineering software.[30]
2010 - James E. Heppelmann announced as CEO effective October 1, 2010.[31] Company renames Pro/ENGINEER to PTC Creo and promises the market product design software that is scalable, open, and easy-to-use.[32]
2011 - Acquired 4CS for its warranty, service, support and service parts technology.[33] Acquired MKS for its application lifecycle management technology for all software development processes.[34]
2012 - Acquired Servigistics for its suite of service lifecycle management software.[35]
2013 - Acquired NetIDEAS hosting vendor for more technology deployment options.[36] Acquired Enigma for its ability to deliver technical content to aftermarket service environments.[37] Acquired Internet of Things platform developer ThingWorx for their software applications that connect and track network-enabled products.[38]
2013 - Acquired ThingWorx, the Exton, Pennsylvania-based creators of an award-winning platform for building and running applications for the Internet of Things (IoT).
2014 - Acquired Axeda Corporation[39]
2014 - Acquired ATEGO Software, a leader in MBSE (model-based systems engineering) tool used in aerospace, transportation, and automotive industries (such as Alstom Transport and Rolls-Royce Defence)[40]
2015 - Acquired the Vuforia business from Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated. The Vuforia™ platform is the industry’s most advanced and widely adopted augmented reality (AR) technology platform.
2015 - Acquired Kepware, a software development company that provides communications connectivity to industrial automation environments.
Companies acquired by PTC[edit]

Prime Computer in 1992.
CDRS and 3DPaint from Evans & Sutherland on April 12, 1995 for $33,507,000.[41]
Rasna Corp., developers of MECHANICA design optimization and simulation software, in May 1995 for $180 million.[42]
PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology in July 1996, for $30m.[17]
Computervision, developers of CADDS, MEDUSA and the MPDS Plant Design System in 1998[43]
Division Group (Division Ltd, Division Inc) dVisor Virtual Reality HMD[19][20][21][22]
Polyplan, Technologies acquired 2005 for Manufacturing Process Management
Arbortext in 2005, for $190 million[44]
DENC AG and Cadtrain Inc. in late 2005 for an aggregate of $10 million. DENC adds a German consulting practice with expertise integrating PTC applications with enterprise-resource-planning software. Irvine, Calif.-based Cadtrain provides online training modules for PTC software.[45]
Aptavis Technology Corp, Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel, in June 2005[46]
Mathsoft, developers of Mathcad, in April 2006 for $63 million.[47]
ITEDO Software GmbH in October 2006 for $17 million. ITEDO developed technical illustration software and had 34 employees mainly in Germany and the United States.[48]
NC Graphics in May 2007 for an undisclosed sum.[49]
NetRegulus, Inc,an Enterprise Study and Quality management software for Medical Devices, in November 2007[50]
CoCreate in December 2007 for $250 million.[51]
Synapsis Technology in December 2008 for an undisclosed sum.[52]
Relex Software in June 2009 for $25 Million.[53]
Planet Metrics in January 2010 for an undisclosed sum.[54]
MKS Software makers of MKS Integrity - May, 2011[55]
4CS Software Solutions Inc, a developer of warranty management and service lifecycle management software for an undisclosed sum[56]
Servigistics in August 2012
Enigma in July 2013/
NetIDEAS in September 2013
ThingWorx in January 2014[57]
Atego (company), a developer of model-based systems and software engineering applications based in Cheltenham, UK for approximately $50 million in cash in July 2014[58]
Axeda Corporation - a leader in the M2M / IoT space connecting things with people and other things, based in Foxborough, MA for approximately $170 million in cash in August 2014
Coldlight in 2015
Vuforia in 2015
Kepware in 2015 for approximately $100 million, plus up to an additional $18 million based on achievement of certain strategic initiatives and financial results.
Plugin76 R&D in 2017

Support of STEM Education[edit]
In 1999, PTC created a Global Academic Program designed to support educational initiatives in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills. The program aims to partner schools and universities with companies to assist students in developing real-world skills needed for careers in manufacturing, technology, and other STEM jobs.[59] The program also has a direct recruitment program intended to place students in jobs with PTC’s commercial customers.[59]
PTC has also been a corporate sponsor of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) since 2008, providing participating students with access to PTC software for use in the FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Lego League, and FIRST World Championship.[60]
Awards and accolades[edit]
4th Annual Postscapes Internet of Things (IoT) Awards:[61][62]
[63]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "2015 Annual Report Inc." (PDF). 
^ Bloomberg : PTC Inc.
^ "PTC Creo". http://www.ptc.com/product/creo.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Mathcad". http://www.ptc.com/product/mathcad.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Windchill". http://www.ptc.com/product/windchill.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Integrity". PTC, Inc. 
^ "PTC Servigistics". http://www.ptc.com/product/servigistics.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Arbortext". http://www.ptc.com/product/arbortext.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "ThingWorx". http://www.ptc.com/product/thingworx.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ PTC Acquires Axeda
^ About Axeda
^ "Parametric Technology Corp.". IndustryWeek. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Forbes Profile: Steve Walske". Forbes. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "CAD software - history of CAD CAM". CADAZZ. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b c d Weisberg, David E. (2008). The Engineering Design Revolution: The People, Companies and Computer Systems That Changed Forever the Practice of Engineering (PDF). 
^ "Parametric Technology Corporation (PMTC)". Investor Village. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b Parametric Technology Corporation acquires object-oriented software technology for project modeling and management PTC news release dated 11 July 1996 (archived at FreeLibrary.com). Retrieved: 17 October 2015.
^ "Parametric Technology Reports Fiscal 1999 Second Quarter Results". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b "PTC History and Acquisitions". PTC: Product & Service Advantage. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b Hargreaves, Martin. "Virtual Reality: 1993 and 2013 Comparison between 1993 Division dVisor and 3D Mouse vs 2013 Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra.". medium.com. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "PTC Announces Intent To Acquire Division Group plc More information about Division Group plc can be found at www.Division.com.". wayback machine. Archived from the original on June 28, 2015. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "Division Inc......+1.650.312.8200......www.division.com......info@division.com Division Ltd......+44.1454.615554......www.division.co.uk......info@division.co.uk,". wayback machine. Archived from the original on February 3, 1998. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ "PTC's Pro/ENGINEER(R) Wildfire(TM) Delivers Industry's Best Platform For Product Development". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Forays Into Publishing". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Buys Aptavis, Grows PLM For Retail, Apparel Firms". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Mathsoft Buy Will Enhance PTC's Analytical Capabilities". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ferris, Sara. "PTC Acquires ITEDO, IsoDraw Products". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Rowe, Jeff. "PTC Completes CoCreate Acquisition". MCADCafe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Halpern, Marc. "PTC's Acquisition of Synapsis Accelerates Green PLM Trend". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Shelley, Tom. "Acquisition boosts design reliability". Eureka Magazine. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "James Heppelmann assumes Role of CEO at PTC". CXO Today. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Hand, Randall. "PTC Renames Pro/ENGINEER to Creo Design Software". VizWorld. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Brown, Rodney. "PTC picks up warranty and service software firm 4CS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "PTC Buys MKS, Adds System and Software Management to PLM". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Barkai, Joe. "PTC Acquires Servigistics -- Strengthens Position in Service Lifecycle Management". IDC. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Resende, Patricia. "Post restructuring, PTC buys longtime partner NetIDEAS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Reidy, Chris. "PTC buys Enigma to enhance its service lifecycle management portfolio". Boston Globe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ogewell, Verdi. "Why PTC acquired ThingWorx". Engineering.com. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires Axeda". PTC. Retrieved August 2014.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires ATEGO". PTC. Retrieved 26 June 2014. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 10-K - for fiscal year 1995". getfilings. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 8-K - For 5/30/95 - EX-99.1". SEC Info. 1995-05-30. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC History and Acquisitions". Ptc.com. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.managingautomation.com/maonline/news/read/PTC_Acquisition_of_Arbortext_Adds_Dynamic_Publishing_to_PLM_Portfolio_8191
^ http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/stories/2006/02/27/daily16.html. Retrieved 2010-08-14.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "PTC Strengthens Commitment To Retail, Footwear And Apparel Industry". 
^ "PTC Buys Mathsoft, Part II - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2006-04-28. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ [1] Archived November 15, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "PTC Acquires, RenamesNC Graphics - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2007-05-16. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/WCMS/files/62812/en/NetRegulus_Customer_PTC_Notification_final.pdf
^ "CoCreate Customer Information". PTC.com. 2007-12-03. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Advances Green Product Design And Environmental Regulatory Compliance Solution With Acquisition Of Synapsis Technology". PTC.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2009-06-08. 
^ "Parametric Technology acquires Relex Software". TradingMarkets.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Extends InSight Product Analytics Solution With Environmental Impact Analysis Technology". PTC.com. 2010-02-08. Retrieved 2010-02-08. [dead link]
^ "PTC Sets New Standard for Managing Hardware and Software Development Lifecycles with MKS Integrity Acquisition". yahoo.com. 2011-05-31. Retrieved 2011-07-13. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/appserver/wcms/standards/textsub.jsp?&im_dbkey=130664&icg_dbkey=21
^ http://www.ptc.com/about/news-room/press-releases/2013/12/ptc-acquires-leading-internet-of-things-platform-provider-thingworx
^ http://www.corumgroup.com/transactions/ptc-atego
^ a b "STEM Directory: James Heppelmann - PTC". STEM Connector. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "13-Year-Old FRC CADder Luke Dreams of a Personal Robotic Butler". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Postcapes 2014/2015 Internet of Things AWARDS Postcapes
^ PTC, ThingWorx, Axeda Win 2014 Internet of Things (IoT) Awards in Six Different Categories M2M WorldNews
^ Cloud based PLM Software for Fashion Business PLM Fashion


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


PTC



Related articles



Creo Elements/Pro
Creo Elements/View
Windchill
Mathcad










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PTC_(software_company)&oldid=791109134"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQNeedham, MassachusettsSoftware companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLCS1 errors: datesPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItaliano日本語Русский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









PTC (software company) - Wikipedia






















 






PTC (software company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from PTC, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PTC (Parametric Technology Corporation)





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PTC
S&P 400 Component


Industry
CAD/CAM/CAE/ PLM Software/ ALM/ SLM/ IOT


Founded
May 1985; 32 years ago (1985-05)


Headquarters
Needham, Massachusetts, United States



Key people

Donald K. Grierson (Chairman)
James E. Heppelmann (President & CEO)


Products
PTC Creo, PTC Windchill, PTC Mathcad, PTC Integrity, PTC Servigistics, PTC Arbortext, ThingWorx


Revenue
 $1.3 billion USD (2015)[1]



Operating income

 $41.6 million USD (2015)[1]



Net income

 $48 million USD (2015)[1]



Number of employees

5,982 (2015)[1]


Website
www.ptc.com


PTC (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is a computer software and services company founded in 1985 and headquartered outside of Boston, Massachusetts. The company developed parametric, associative feature-based, solid computer-aided design (CAD) modeling software in 1988, including an Internet-based product for product lifecycle management (PLM) in 1998. PTC markets products and services and an Internet of things (IoT) and augmented reality (AR) platform for partners and developers.



Contents


1 Products

1.1 PTC Creo
1.2 PTC Mathcad
1.3 PTC Windchill
1.4 PTC Integrity
1.5 PTC Servigistics
1.6 ThingWorx
1.7 Axeda
1.8 Vuforia
1.9 Kepware
1.10 Implementer


2 History
3 Companies acquired by PTC
4 Support of STEM Education
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



Products[edit]
PTC has six core product families: Creo, Windchill, Mathcad, Integrity, Servigistics, ThingWorx. The Company's technology is primarily used by discrete manufacturers to design, operate and maintain complex products. PTC's technology is also used to connect products to the Internet for purposes of capturing and analyzing information from them.[2]
PTC Creo[edit]
Main articles: PTC Creo, PTC Creo Elements/Pro, Creo Elements/Direct, and PTC Creo Elements/View
The PTC CAD product provides a set of Computer Aided Design capabilities. PTC CAD is a suite of 2D and 3D product design software used to create, analyze and view product designs. PTC Creo software was released in June 2011 to replace and supersede PTC’s products formerly known as Pro/ENGINEER, CoCreate, and ProductView.[3] Other products include:

CREO parametric - formerly Pro/ENGINEER
CREO simulate - formerly Pro/MECHANICA
CREO direct - formerly CoCreate OneSpace Modeling
CREO options modeler
CREO illustrate schematics
CREO view
CREO illustrate

PTC Mathcad[edit]
Main article: Mathcad
Engineering calculation software that is used by engineers to solve, document and share the calculations used for product design.[4]
PTC Windchill[edit]
Web-based database software that provides access to product information like MCAD and ECAD data files, process documents, and software engineering information.[5] The PTC Windchill product provides a set of PLM Product Lifecycle Management capabilities and consists of the following products:

Windchill PDMLink
Windchill product analytics - formerly Materials Compliance
Windchill quality solutions - formerly Relex and NetRegulus
Windchill workgroup manager
Windchill projectlink
Windchill part classification
PTC FlexPLM

PTC Integrity[edit]
The PTC Integrity product provides a set of Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Systems Engineering capabilities and consists of the following products:[6]

PTC Integrity Asset Library
PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager - formerly MKS Integrity
PTC Integrity Modeler - formerly Atego Modeler
PTC Integrity Process Check
PTC Integrity Process Consumer
PTC Integrity Process Director
PTC Integrity Process Perspective
PTC Integrity Requirements Connector
PTC AgileWorx

PTC Servigistics[edit]
Service lifecycle management SLM software that is used by manufacturers to understand how service planning, customer service, and analysis of returned product data can improve service value over a product’s life.[7] PTC SLM productset includes:

Servigistics Inservice - formerly Enigma
Servigistics Arbortext - formerly Arbortext[8] without Servigistics
Servigistics Connected Field Services
Servigistics Predictive Service
Servigistics Remote Services
Servigistics Parts Pricing
Servigistics Arbortext Editor
Servigistics Arbortext Isodraw
Servigistics Arbortext Isoview
Servigistics Service Network Management
Servigistics Service Parts Management

ThingWorx[edit]
A platform for the rapid development of applications designed for smart, connected sensors, devices, and products – or the Internet of Things.[9]
Axeda[edit]
A cloud-based service and software for managing connected products and machines and implementing Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) applications.[10][11]
Vuforia[edit]
Vuforia is an Augmented Reality Software Development Kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications.
Kepware[edit]
Kepware software, primarily KEPServerEX, is a connectivity platform for a diverse set of industrial automation endpoints. The software enables users to connect, manage, monitor, and control heterogeneous devices in the Industrial Internet of Things.
Implementer[edit]
The PTC Implementer product is a Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) system for the IBM i platform.
History[edit]
1985 - Company founded by Samuel Geisberg, and Mike Payne formerly from Prime Computer, Computervision, and Applicon.[12]
1988 - Steve Walske named CEO.[13] Company shipped Pro/ENGINEER and was considered first to market with parametric modeling design software.[14] This positions PTC as a leader in the CAD industry until the mid-1990s when a new generation of low-cost competitors arrive in the market.[15]
1989 - Initial public offering. (NASDAQ: PMTC)[16]
1992 - Caterpillar Inc. becomes PTC’s largest customer.[15]
1996 - PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology[17] sold the following year to the Beck Group.
1998 - Company ships Windchill and is considered first to market with internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).[15]
1999 - PTC announces it has 25,000 customers. Major industries include aerospace, retail/footwear/apparel, automotive, industrial equipment, consumer products, electronics, and high tech.[18]
1999 - Acquired Division Group (Division Ltd, Bristol Uk, Division Inc) Virtual reality - dVision Head Mounted Display & Software[19][20][21][22]
2002 - The company releases Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire.[23] This is the first CAD system to support web-based services.[15]
2005 - Acquired Arbortext for technical publishing technology.[24] Acquired Aptavis for retail, footwear and apparel technology.[25]
2006 - Acquired Mathsoft for its engineering calculation software.[26] Acquired ITEDO for its 3D technical illustration software.[27]
2007 - Acquired CoCreate for its direct modeling technology.[28]
2008 - Acquired Synapsis for its performance analytics technology to improve environmental performance of products.[29]
2009 - Acquired Relex Software for its reliability engineering software.[30]
2010 - James E. Heppelmann announced as CEO effective October 1, 2010.[31] Company renames Pro/ENGINEER to PTC Creo and promises the market product design software that is scalable, open, and easy-to-use.[32]
2011 - Acquired 4CS for its warranty, service, support and service parts technology.[33] Acquired MKS for its application lifecycle management technology for all software development processes.[34]
2012 - Acquired Servigistics for its suite of service lifecycle management software.[35]
2013 - Acquired NetIDEAS hosting vendor for more technology deployment options.[36] Acquired Enigma for its ability to deliver technical content to aftermarket service environments.[37] Acquired Internet of Things platform developer ThingWorx for their software applications that connect and track network-enabled products.[38]
2013 - Acquired ThingWorx, the Exton, Pennsylvania-based creators of an award-winning platform for building and running applications for the Internet of Things (IoT).
2014 - Acquired Axeda Corporation[39]
2014 - Acquired ATEGO Software, a leader in MBSE (model-based systems engineering) tool used in aerospace, transportation, and automotive industries (such as Alstom Transport and Rolls-Royce Defence)[40]
2015 - Acquired the Vuforia business from Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated. The Vuforia™ platform is the industry’s most advanced and widely adopted augmented reality (AR) technology platform.
2015 - Acquired Kepware, a software development company that provides communications connectivity to industrial automation environments.
Companies acquired by PTC[edit]

Prime Computer in 1992.
CDRS and 3DPaint from Evans & Sutherland on April 12, 1995 for $33,507,000.[41]
Rasna Corp., developers of MECHANICA design optimization and simulation software, in May 1995 for $180 million.[42]
PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology in July 1996, for $30m.[17]
Computervision, developers of CADDS, MEDUSA and the MPDS Plant Design System in 1998[43]
Division Group (Division Ltd, Division Inc) dVisor Virtual Reality HMD[19][20][21][22]
Polyplan, Technologies acquired 2005 for Manufacturing Process Management
Arbortext in 2005, for $190 million[44]
DENC AG and Cadtrain Inc. in late 2005 for an aggregate of $10 million. DENC adds a German consulting practice with expertise integrating PTC applications with enterprise-resource-planning software. Irvine, Calif.-based Cadtrain provides online training modules for PTC software.[45]
Aptavis Technology Corp, Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel, in June 2005[46]
Mathsoft, developers of Mathcad, in April 2006 for $63 million.[47]
ITEDO Software GmbH in October 2006 for $17 million. ITEDO developed technical illustration software and had 34 employees mainly in Germany and the United States.[48]
NC Graphics in May 2007 for an undisclosed sum.[49]
NetRegulus, Inc,an Enterprise Study and Quality management software for Medical Devices, in November 2007[50]
CoCreate in December 2007 for $250 million.[51]
Synapsis Technology in December 2008 for an undisclosed sum.[52]
Relex Software in June 2009 for $25 Million.[53]
Planet Metrics in January 2010 for an undisclosed sum.[54]
MKS Software makers of MKS Integrity - May, 2011[55]
4CS Software Solutions Inc, a developer of warranty management and service lifecycle management software for an undisclosed sum[56]
Servigistics in August 2012
Enigma in July 2013/
NetIDEAS in September 2013
ThingWorx in January 2014[57]
Atego (company), a developer of model-based systems and software engineering applications based in Cheltenham, UK for approximately $50 million in cash in July 2014[58]
Axeda Corporation - a leader in the M2M / IoT space connecting things with people and other things, based in Foxborough, MA for approximately $170 million in cash in August 2014
Coldlight in 2015
Vuforia in 2015
Kepware in 2015 for approximately $100 million, plus up to an additional $18 million based on achievement of certain strategic initiatives and financial results.
Plugin76 R&D in 2017

Support of STEM Education[edit]
In 1999, PTC created a Global Academic Program designed to support educational initiatives in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills. The program aims to partner schools and universities with companies to assist students in developing real-world skills needed for careers in manufacturing, technology, and other STEM jobs.[59] The program also has a direct recruitment program intended to place students in jobs with PTC’s commercial customers.[59]
PTC has also been a corporate sponsor of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) since 2008, providing participating students with access to PTC software for use in the FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Lego League, and FIRST World Championship.[60]
Awards and accolades[edit]
4th Annual Postscapes Internet of Things (IoT) Awards:[61][62]
[63]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "2015 Annual Report Inc." (PDF). 
^ Bloomberg : PTC Inc.
^ "PTC Creo". http://www.ptc.com/product/creo.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Mathcad". http://www.ptc.com/product/mathcad.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Windchill". http://www.ptc.com/product/windchill.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Integrity". PTC, Inc. 
^ "PTC Servigistics". http://www.ptc.com/product/servigistics.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Arbortext". http://www.ptc.com/product/arbortext.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "ThingWorx". http://www.ptc.com/product/thingworx.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ PTC Acquires Axeda
^ About Axeda
^ "Parametric Technology Corp.". IndustryWeek. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Forbes Profile: Steve Walske". Forbes. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "CAD software - history of CAD CAM". CADAZZ. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b c d Weisberg, David E. (2008). The Engineering Design Revolution: The People, Companies and Computer Systems That Changed Forever the Practice of Engineering (PDF). 
^ "Parametric Technology Corporation (PMTC)". Investor Village. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b Parametric Technology Corporation acquires object-oriented software technology for project modeling and management PTC news release dated 11 July 1996 (archived at FreeLibrary.com). Retrieved: 17 October 2015.
^ "Parametric Technology Reports Fiscal 1999 Second Quarter Results". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b "PTC History and Acquisitions". PTC: Product & Service Advantage. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b Hargreaves, Martin. "Virtual Reality: 1993 and 2013 Comparison between 1993 Division dVisor and 3D Mouse vs 2013 Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra.". medium.com. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "PTC Announces Intent To Acquire Division Group plc More information about Division Group plc can be found at www.Division.com.". wayback machine. Archived from the original on June 28, 2015. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "Division Inc......+1.650.312.8200......www.division.com......info@division.com Division Ltd......+44.1454.615554......www.division.co.uk......info@division.co.uk,". wayback machine. Archived from the original on February 3, 1998. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ "PTC's Pro/ENGINEER(R) Wildfire(TM) Delivers Industry's Best Platform For Product Development". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Forays Into Publishing". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Buys Aptavis, Grows PLM For Retail, Apparel Firms". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Mathsoft Buy Will Enhance PTC's Analytical Capabilities". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ferris, Sara. "PTC Acquires ITEDO, IsoDraw Products". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Rowe, Jeff. "PTC Completes CoCreate Acquisition". MCADCafe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Halpern, Marc. "PTC's Acquisition of Synapsis Accelerates Green PLM Trend". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Shelley, Tom. "Acquisition boosts design reliability". Eureka Magazine. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "James Heppelmann assumes Role of CEO at PTC". CXO Today. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Hand, Randall. "PTC Renames Pro/ENGINEER to Creo Design Software". VizWorld. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Brown, Rodney. "PTC picks up warranty and service software firm 4CS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "PTC Buys MKS, Adds System and Software Management to PLM". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Barkai, Joe. "PTC Acquires Servigistics -- Strengthens Position in Service Lifecycle Management". IDC. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Resende, Patricia. "Post restructuring, PTC buys longtime partner NetIDEAS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Reidy, Chris. "PTC buys Enigma to enhance its service lifecycle management portfolio". Boston Globe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ogewell, Verdi. "Why PTC acquired ThingWorx". Engineering.com. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires Axeda". PTC. Retrieved August 2014.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires ATEGO". PTC. Retrieved 26 June 2014. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 10-K - for fiscal year 1995". getfilings. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 8-K - For 5/30/95 - EX-99.1". SEC Info. 1995-05-30. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC History and Acquisitions". Ptc.com. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.managingautomation.com/maonline/news/read/PTC_Acquisition_of_Arbortext_Adds_Dynamic_Publishing_to_PLM_Portfolio_8191
^ http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/stories/2006/02/27/daily16.html. Retrieved 2010-08-14.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "PTC Strengthens Commitment To Retail, Footwear And Apparel Industry". 
^ "PTC Buys Mathsoft, Part II - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2006-04-28. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ [1] Archived November 15, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "PTC Acquires, RenamesNC Graphics - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2007-05-16. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/WCMS/files/62812/en/NetRegulus_Customer_PTC_Notification_final.pdf
^ "CoCreate Customer Information". PTC.com. 2007-12-03. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Advances Green Product Design And Environmental Regulatory Compliance Solution With Acquisition Of Synapsis Technology". PTC.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2009-06-08. 
^ "Parametric Technology acquires Relex Software". TradingMarkets.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Extends InSight Product Analytics Solution With Environmental Impact Analysis Technology". PTC.com. 2010-02-08. Retrieved 2010-02-08. [dead link]
^ "PTC Sets New Standard for Managing Hardware and Software Development Lifecycles with MKS Integrity Acquisition". yahoo.com. 2011-05-31. Retrieved 2011-07-13. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/appserver/wcms/standards/textsub.jsp?&im_dbkey=130664&icg_dbkey=21
^ http://www.ptc.com/about/news-room/press-releases/2013/12/ptc-acquires-leading-internet-of-things-platform-provider-thingworx
^ http://www.corumgroup.com/transactions/ptc-atego
^ a b "STEM Directory: James Heppelmann - PTC". STEM Connector. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "13-Year-Old FRC CADder Luke Dreams of a Personal Robotic Butler". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Postcapes 2014/2015 Internet of Things AWARDS Postcapes
^ PTC, ThingWorx, Axeda Win 2014 Internet of Things (IoT) Awards in Six Different Categories M2M WorldNews
^ Cloud based PLM Software for Fashion Business PLM Fashion


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


PTC



Related articles



Creo Elements/Pro
Creo Elements/View
Windchill
Mathcad










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PTC_(software_company)&oldid=791109134"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQNeedham, MassachusettsSoftware companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLCS1 errors: datesPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItaliano日本語Русский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








PTC Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 11:23 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of PTC Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
PTC Inc. develops and delivers software products and solutions worldwide. It operates in two segments, Software Products and Services. The company computer-aided design products, including PTC Creo, an interoperable suite of product design software for design engineers; and PTC Mathcad software for solving, analyzing, and sharing vital engineering calculations. It also offers product lifecycle management products comprising PTC Windchill that provides lifecycle intelligence; and PTC Creo View, which enables enterprise-wide visualization, verification, annotation, and automated comparison of various product development data formats. In addition, the company provides application lifecycle mana...
PTC Inc. develops and delivers software products and solutions worldwide. It operates in two segments, Software Products and Services. The company computer-aided design products, including PTC Creo, an interoperable suite of product design software for design engineers; and PTC Mathcad software for solving, analyzing, and sharing vital engineering calculations. It also offers product lifecycle management products comprising PTC Windchill that provides lifecycle intelligence; and PTC Creo View, which enables enterprise-wide visualization, verification, annotation, and automated comparison of various product development data formats. In addition, the company provides application lifecycle management products, such as PTC Integrity that enables users to manage system models, software configurations, test plans, and defects, as well as model-based systems engineering solutions that connect requirements engineering, architecture modeling, physical product definition, and system verification functions. Further, it offers service lifecycle management products that include PTC Servigistics, a suite of software products that enable a systematic approach to service lifecycle management; and PTC Arbortext, an enterprise software suite that allows manufacturers to create, illustrate, manage, and publish technical and service parts information. Additionally, the company provides Internet of Things products, such as ThingWorx, KEPServerEX, Vuforia Studio, and Vuforia, which enable customers to design, connect, operate and service smart and connected products. In addition, it provides consulting, implementation, training, cloud, and license and support services. The company was formerly known as Parametric Technology Corporation and changed its name to PTC Inc. in January 2013. PTC Inc. was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Needham, Massachusetts.
Detailed Description


140 Kendrick StreetNeedham, MA 02494United StatesFounded in 19855,800 Employees



Phone: 781-370-5000

Fax: 781-370-6000

www.ptc.com







Key Executives for PTC Inc.




Mr. James E. Heppelmann


      	Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of National First Executive Advisory Board
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: $750.0K








Mr. Andrew D. Miller


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: $415.0K








Mr. Craig Hayman


      	Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 54
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.1M








Dr. Barry F. Cohen Ph.D.


      	Chief Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 73
        

Total Annual Compensation: $415.0K








Mr. Anthony Paul DiBona


      	Executive Vice President of Renewal Sales 
      


Age: 62
        

Total Annual Compensation: $363.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

PTC Inc. Key Developments

PTC Announces Demise of Renato (Ron) Zambonini, a Member of the Board of Directors
Jul 25 17
PTC reported the death of Renato (Ron) Zambonini, a member of the PTC Board of Directors, who passed away on July 23, 2017.


PTC Inc. Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended July 1, 2017; Provides Earnings Guidance for the Fourth Quarter of 2017 and Revises Earnings Guidance for the Full Year of 2017
Jul 19 17
PTC Inc. announced unaudited consolidated earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended July 1, 2017. For the quarter, the company's total revenue was $291,293,000 compared with $288,652,000 a year ago. Operating income was $11,256,000 compared with $7,596,000 a year ago. Profit before income taxes was $699,000 compared with loss before income taxes of $704,000 a year ago. Net loss was $951,000 or $0.01 per diluted share compared with income of $3,073,000 or $0.03 per diluted share a year ago. Non-GAAP revenue was $291,924,000 compared with $289,675,000 a year ago. Non-GAAP operating income was $44,943,000 compared with $40,723,000 a year ago. Non-GAAP net income was $32,565,000 or $0.28 per diluted share compared with $29,998,000 or $0.26 per diluted share a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was $73,655,000 compared with $59,457,000 a year ago. Capital expenditures were $4,544,000 compared with $7,766,000 a year ago.

For the nine months, the company's total revenue was $857,660,000 compared with $852,296,000 a year ago. Operating income was $23,330,000 compared with operating loss of $3,939,000 a year ago. Loss before income taxes was $6,860,000 compared with $23,819,000 a year ago. Net loss was $11,196,000 or $0.10 per diluted share compared with $25,992,000 or $0.23 per diluted share a year ago. Non-GAAP revenue was $859,878,000 compared with $854,880,000 a year ago. Non-GAAP operating income was $134,210,000 compared with $141,119,000 a year ago. Non-GAAP net income was $98,026,000 or $0.84 per diluted share compared with $114,944,000 or $1.00 per diluted share a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was $102,066,000 compared with $169,596,000 a year ago. Capital expenditures were $19,333,000 compared with $16,632,000 a year ago.

The company provided earnings guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2017. For the fourth quarter, the company expects total revenue in the range of $303,000 to $308,000, GAAP tax rate in the range of 0 % to 0 %, non-GAAP tax rate in the range of 10 % to 8%, GAAP EPS in the range of $0.09 to $0.14, and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.33 to $0.38. 

For the full year, the company expects total revenue in the range of $1,163,000 to $1,168,000, GAAP tax rate in the range of 66% to 66%, non-GAAP tax rate in the range of 8% to 7%, GAAP LPS in the range of $0.01 to EPS of $0.04, free cash flow of $115,000 to $125,000, and adjusted free cash flow of $158,000 to $168,000. The company continue to expect fiscal 2017 operating margin to be in the range of 16% to 17%, representing a 100 to 200 basis point improvement in operating margin over last year. The company is assuming a tax rate of 8% for the full year, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $1.17 to $1.22 per share, which is an increase of $0.01 per share from its previous guidance at the midpoint.


PTC and Tech Mahindra Open Industrial Internet of Things Center of Excellence in India
Jul 12 17
PTC and Tech Mahindra announced the opening of an Industrial Internet of Things (IoT) Center of Excellence at Tech Mahindra’s headquarters in Bangalore, India. The facility is designed to showcase the technology that companies can utilize for digital transformations – from producbt design through IoT connectivity and augmented reality. Tech Mahindra is outfitting the facility with offerings from the PTC technology portfolio, including the ThingWorx Industrial IoT platform. Tech Mahindra will advise customers on how ThingWorx and other PTC technology can enable them to generate business value. The Center of Excellence was conceived and jointly developed by Tech Mahindra and PTC. Tech Mahindra chose to partner with PTC as the primary technology provider because of the breadth of the ThingWorx platform and the longstanding success of PTC solution offerings, including computer-aided design (CAD) and product lifecycle management (PLM). As a system integrator partner with PTC, Tech Mahindra is trained to both develop solutions and implement solutions based on PTC technology. While located in India, the facility is expected to draw a global customer base. As the facility evolves, Tech Mahindra and PTC also plan to use ThingWorx to develop vertical-specific solutions to address mutual customers’ needs and challenges.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      November 14, 2016
			    
ServiceMax, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PTC Inc., please visit www.ptc.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































PTC Mathcad | PTC






































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        






Chat Now with PTC Mathcad sales






Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 





Home
Engineering Math Software
PTC Mathcad







PTC Mathcad









PTC Mathcad is Engineering Math Software That Allows You to Perform, Analyze, and Share Your Most Vital Calculations. 













Calculations are the heart of your engineering information.  You and your team must be able to find, reuse, and share this important intellectual property.  
But how often have you been forced to hunt through a collection of spreadsheets, code, and notebooks to uncover what you need - and then schedule more time to have someone explain it?  Assuming that employee is still with the company. 
PTC Mathcad has all your engineering notebook’s ease-of-use and familiarity - combined with live mathematical notation, units intelligence, and powerful calculation capabilities.  This engineering math software allows you to present your calculations with plots, graphs, text, and images in a single document.  Nobody needs specialized skills to understand PTC Mathcad data, and now that your intellectual property has been preserved, you can leverage it for other projects.








                                            PTC Mathcad in Action
                                        





















PTC Mathcad in Action












Engineering Solutions






Civil and Structural Engineering
Learn more 




Electrical Engineering
Learn more 




Mechanical Engineering
Learn more 



 












Using PTC Mathcad, all of the formulas and mathematical terms are making calculations much easier to check compared to Microsoft Excel.

— Geri Piller, Head of Structural Analysis at Solar Impulse

Solar Impulse Customer Story »




















 




Download PTC Mathcad Express »                                






Contact a PTC Mathcad Expert »                                






Buy PTC Mathcad Now »                                






 Download the PTC Mathcad Brochure (.PDF)                                 






PTC Mathcad Prime 4.0 Data Sheet                                






PTC Mathcad Gateway »
Calculation server that provides universal and secure access to your company’s certified engineering calculations at any time, on any device. Learn more 
















PTC Mathcad Prime 4.0 RELEASED!
See What's New



LEARN MORE


























X















PTC Profile | PTC Inc. Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)PTC Inc. (PTC)NasdaqGS - NasdaqGS Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist55.20-0.68 (-1.22%)At close:  4:00PM EDT55.20 0.00 (0.00%)After hours: 4:14PM EDTPeople also watchQRVOTERSSNCUSAKADSKSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsPTC Inc.140 Kendrick StreetNeedham, MA 02494United States781-370-5000http://www.ptc.comSector: TechnologyIndustry: Technical & System SoftwareFull Time Employees: 5,800Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. James E. HeppelmannChief Exec. Officer, Pres, Director and Member of National First Exec. Advisory Board1.87MN/A53Mr. Andrew D. MillerChief Financial Officer and Exec. VP897.43kN/A57Mr. Craig  HaymanChief Operating Officer1.74MN/A54Dr. Barry F. Cohen Ph.D.Chief Strategy Officer and Exec. VP749.5kN/A73Mr. Anthony Paul DiBonaExec. VP of Renewal Sales649.7kN/A62Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionPTC Inc. develops and delivers software products and solutions worldwide. It operates in two segments, Software Products and Services. The company computer-aided design products, including PTC Creo, an interoperable suite of product design software for design engineers; and PTC Mathcad software for solving, analyzing, and sharing vital engineering calculations. It also offers product lifecycle management products comprising PTC Windchill that provides lifecycle intelligence; and PTC Creo View, which enables enterprise-wide visualization, verification, annotation, and automated comparison of various product development data formats. In addition, the company provides application lifecycle management products, such as PTC Integrity that enables users to manage system models, software configurations, test plans, and defects, as well as model-based systems engineering solutions that connect requirements engineering, architecture modeling, physical product definition, and system verification functions. Further, it offers service lifecycle management products that include PTC Servigistics, a suite of software products that enable a systematic approach to service lifecycle management; and PTC Arbortext, an enterprise software suite that allows manufacturers to create, illustrate, manage, and publish technical and service parts information. Additionally, the company provides Internet of Things products, such as ThingWorx, KEPServerEX, Vuforia Studio, and Vuforia, which enable customers to design, connect, operate and service smart and connected products. In addition, it provides consulting, implementation, training, cloud, and license and support services. The company was formerly known as Parametric Technology Corporation and changed its name to PTC Inc. in January 2013. PTC Inc. was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Needham, Massachusetts.Corporate GovernancePTC Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of July 1, 2017 is 2. The pillar scores are Audit: 1; Board: 1; Shareholder Rights: 3; Compensation: 2.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)






Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/investing/stocks/ptc-ptc-inc" on this server.
Reference #18.abef54b8.1501212232.4da6e8a1



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/investing" on this server.
Reference #18.abef54b8.1501212232.4da6ea7b



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/investing/stocks" on this server.
Reference #18.abef54b8.1501212232.4da6ec43













 





Investor Relations - PTC Inc.| PTC































































                                    Physical Digital Convergence
                                


                                        Physical Digital Convergence 
                                    


                                    Physical digital convergence has the power to transform your business. Let PTC show you how.
                                
Watch now









                                    PTC at the Paris Air Show 2017
                                


                                        PTC at the Paris Air Show 2017
                                    


                                    Experience Why Defense and Commercial Airline Leaders Choose PTC
                                
Meet PTC there









                                    Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                


                                        Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                    


                                    Master Design Reviews with Creo 4.0: M010

Learn More









                                    Forrester Research names PTC an IoT Software Platforms Leader
                                


                                        Forrester Research names PTC an IoT Software Platforms Leader
                                    


                                    The Forrester Wave™: IoT Software Platforms, Q4 2016
                                
Download Your Copy






Previous



Next
















Overview
Financials 

Financials
Quarterly Results
Annual Reports and Proxies
SEC Filings


Stock Information 

Stock Information
Stock Quote and Chart
Analyst Coverage
Earnings Estimates


Investor News
Events
Corporate Governance 

Corporate Governance
Management
Directors
Committees
Governance Documents
Contact the Board


Investor Resources 

Email Alerts & RSS
Investor Contact





Investors
		
Toggle navigation







Overview
Financials 

Financials
Quarterly Results
Annual Reports and Proxies
SEC Filings


Stock Information 

Stock Information
Stock Quote and Chart
Analyst Coverage
Earnings Estimates


Investor News
Events
Corporate Governance 

Corporate Governance
Management
Directors
Committees
Governance Documents
Contact the Board


Investor Resources 

Email Alerts & RSS
Investor Contact






















Latest Quarterly Results



PTC Q3 FY'17 Earnings Press Release
319.0 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





PTC Q3 FY'17 Prepared Remarks
258.5 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





PTC Q3 FY'17 Financial Data Tables
269.4 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase




View More

Industry Analyst Reports



 IDC MarketScape: Worldwide IoT Platforms (Software Vendors) 2017 Vendor Assessment






The Forrester Wave ™: IoT Software Platforms, Q4 2016






Experton Group: Industry 4.0/Internet of Things Vendor Benchmark 2016

870.8 KB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase





IoT Analytics: IoT Platforms Market Report 2015-2021

  2.1 MB

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase

















PTC Saddened by Death of Board Member Renato Zambonini
NEEDHAM, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      PTC

      (NASDAQ: PTC) regrets to report the death of Renato (Ron) Zambonini, a

      member of the ...

LEARN MORE


















Events
There are no upcoming events. Please click here to see all Webcasts & Events.
View More

















NASDAQ: PTC


$55.20
- 0.68 (-1.22%)





1.47M

Volume




$56.41

Day High




$54.18

Day Low




        Jul 27, 2017 ET on 4:00 PM Delayed at least 20 minutes.
        


View More








Financial Analyst Source Book

	PTC's financial analyst source book is intended to provide the investment community with a single point of reference to learn about our company - including our products and addressable markets, our corporate strategy, our financial targets, and our historic performance and risk factors.

PTC Financial Analyst Source Book







Videos
PTC Investor Webcast: Overview of our IoT Business
PTC Investor Webcast: Subscription Program & Long-Term Financial Model Update
PTC's, Mike Campbell recently participated in GE Digital Minds+ Machines and presented Driving Service Efficiency with Analytics and Augmented Reality


























Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS
















In the world of technology, we're entering a new frontier where the physical and digital worlds collide. Watch this convergence in President and CEO Jim Heppelmann's opening keynote at LiveWorx17. This is the moment. This is PTC.   
Watch Keynote Here




























X




















 







Home | Precision Thermoplastic Components | Manufacturing in Lima, Ohio























 






























 



ISO 9001:2000 Registered
Call US: 419.227.4500 
 


About PTC
Quality
Manufacturing Capabilities  

Injection Molding
Extrusion
Blow Molding
In-house Product Assembly
Hose Assembly
Fulfillment & Distribution
Engineering Services
Materials


Contact PTC
Careers
 







Precision Thermoplastic Components
A Full Service Plastics Manufacturing & Distribution Company

















We produce and ship over 40MM parts all over the US and into 40 countries
Learn More












Since 1982 Precision Thermoplastic Components has been an expert in the manufacturing of plastic components
PTC is a full-service plastics manufacturing company that has served the industry for more than 35 years. Our expertise is in injection molding, extruding, blow molding and product assembly. Additionally, our in-house engineering team can provide our clients with extensive support, while our operations and distribution department can take care of fulfillment needs.

As a concept to mass production company, we offer a vast range of services to our clients, including engineering, prototyping, tooling, manufacturing, and distribution.

With 118,000 square feet of production space and two fulfillment warehouses with a total of 100,000 square feet, we have expanded our operations in every way since we began. Whether you need help designing a new product or are interested in manufacturing an existing product, we can help you.
Huge Capacity. Engineering Excellence. Endless Results. 




								Lean about PTC							

								See Our Capabilites							










WE OFFER A WIDE RANGE OF SERVICES



					Injection Molding
				


					Extrusion 
				


					Blow  Molding 
				


					Assemblies 
				


					Engineering
				




More than just ManufacturingPTC is a concept to mass production company. We can take a new idea from just a simple sketch and develop it every step of the way to mass production and distribution, even assisting in product placement at retail.
Learn More






I HAVE A PRODUCT CONCEPT 

Precision Thermoplastic Components
Reach us today to discuss your project






I NEED HELP WITH MY EXISTING PART 



TELEPHONE
800.860.4505


EMAIL
Click Here






Join Our TeamManufacturing Careers with PTCPTC’s expertise is in injection molding, extruding, blow molding and product assembly in house, while providing extensive engineering support to our clients. 
Apply Today



Free WordPress Themes, Free Android Games










































































































































































Technology Platforms and Solutions to Unlock the Value of the IoT | PTC





































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        









Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 













                                    Physical Digital Convergence
                                


                                        Physical Digital Convergence
                                    


                                    Physical digital convergence has the power to transform your business. Let PTC show you how.
                                
Watch now









                                    IDC MarketScape Positions PTC as Leader in IoT Platform Market
                                


                                        IDC MarketScape Positions PTC as Leader in IoT Platform Market
                                    


                                    IDC MarketScape: Worldwide IoT Platforms 2017 Vendor Assessment
                                
Download Now









                                    Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                


                                        Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                    


                                    Master Design Reviews with Creo 4.0: M010

Learn More






Previous



Next















AnnouncementsJuly 19, 2017: PTC Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results






AnnouncementsJuly 19, 2017: PTC Q3 FY'17 Prepared Remarks






AnnouncementsJuly 12, 2017: PTC and Tech Mahindra Open Industrial Internet of Things Center of Excellence in India






AnnouncementsJuly 11, 2017: PTC and L&T Technology Services Unveil Industry 4.0 Center of Excellence













 



















 



















 



















 



















 



















 


Previous



Next






















































































































































































Previous



Next








 



Take Your Business to the Next Level
Only ThingWorx 8 has the functionality, flexibility, and agility you need to quickly develop and deploy industrial IoT apps and AR experiences. ThingWorx 8 is how IoT projects get built. 

Learn More









 



Leveraging Connected PLM to Develop Truly Trend-Driven Fashion
PTC Connected PLM Series Part 1

Download Now



















                                        New eBook
                                    
10 Expert Insights: The Future of Product Design in the Age of Smart & Connected Devices
Download Now










                                        IoT Insights from Analysts and Experts
                                    
Get Insights Into the Internet of Things (IoT) and Industry 4.0 From Analysts and Experts
Read More










                                        PTC Introduces Smart Connected Support™
                                    
See the difference, and experience it too
Learn More



















PTC (NASDAQ: PTC) is a global provider of technology platforms and solutions that transform how
companies create, operate, and service the “things” in the Internet of Things (IoT).







PTC's field-proven software and solutions are deployed in more than 26,000 businesses worldwide to generate a product or service advantage.






PTC has ~6,000 employees in 30 countries around the world.







PTC has 750+ partners, including value-added-resellers, enterprise software and performance team partners, hardware and system integration partners, and service and training partners.






Previous



Next












PTC Newsroom: Stay Up-to-Date with PTC News
Learn more 







Concept Design for Innovative Products
Learn more 























X













PTC (software company) - Wikipedia






















 






PTC (software company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PTC (Parametric Technology Corporation)





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PTC
S&P 400 Component


Industry
CAD/CAM/CAE/ PLM Software/ ALM/ SLM/ IOT


Founded
May 1985; 32 years ago (1985-05)


Headquarters
Needham, Massachusetts, United States



Key people

Donald K. Grierson (Chairman)
James E. Heppelmann (President & CEO)


Products
PTC Creo, PTC Windchill, PTC Mathcad, PTC Integrity, PTC Servigistics, PTC Arbortext, ThingWorx


Revenue
 $1.3 billion USD (2015)[1]



Operating income

 $41.6 million USD (2015)[1]



Net income

 $48 million USD (2015)[1]



Number of employees

5,982 (2015)[1]


Website
www.ptc.com


PTC (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is a computer software and services company founded in 1985 and headquartered outside of Boston, Massachusetts. The company developed parametric, associative feature-based, solid computer-aided design (CAD) modeling software in 1988, including an Internet-based product for product lifecycle management (PLM) in 1998. PTC markets products and services and an Internet of things (IoT) and augmented reality (AR) platform for partners and developers.



Contents


1 Products

1.1 PTC Creo
1.2 PTC Mathcad
1.3 PTC Windchill
1.4 PTC Integrity
1.5 PTC Servigistics
1.6 ThingWorx
1.7 Axeda
1.8 Vuforia
1.9 Kepware
1.10 Implementer


2 History
3 Companies acquired by PTC
4 Support of STEM Education
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



Products[edit]
PTC has six core product families: Creo, Windchill, Mathcad, Integrity, Servigistics, ThingWorx. The Company's technology is primarily used by discrete manufacturers to design, operate and maintain complex products. PTC's technology is also used to connect products to the Internet for purposes of capturing and analyzing information from them.[2]
PTC Creo[edit]
Main articles: PTC Creo, PTC Creo Elements/Pro, Creo Elements/Direct, and PTC Creo Elements/View
The PTC CAD product provides a set of Computer Aided Design capabilities. PTC CAD is a suite of 2D and 3D product design software used to create, analyze and view product designs. PTC Creo software was released in June 2011 to replace and supersede PTC’s products formerly known as Pro/ENGINEER, CoCreate, and ProductView.[3] Other products include:

CREO parametric - formerly Pro/ENGINEER
CREO simulate - formerly Pro/MECHANICA
CREO direct - formerly CoCreate OneSpace Modeling
CREO options modeler
CREO illustrate schematics
CREO view
CREO illustrate

PTC Mathcad[edit]
Main article: Mathcad
Engineering calculation software that is used by engineers to solve, document and share the calculations used for product design.[4]
PTC Windchill[edit]
Web-based database software that provides access to product information like MCAD and ECAD data files, process documents, and software engineering information.[5] The PTC Windchill product provides a set of PLM Product Lifecycle Management capabilities and consists of the following products:

Windchill PDMLink
Windchill product analytics - formerly Materials Compliance
Windchill quality solutions - formerly Relex and NetRegulus
Windchill workgroup manager
Windchill projectlink
Windchill part classification
PTC FlexPLM

PTC Integrity[edit]
The PTC Integrity product provides a set of Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Systems Engineering capabilities and consists of the following products:[6]

PTC Integrity Asset Library
PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager - formerly MKS Integrity
PTC Integrity Modeler - formerly Atego Modeler
PTC Integrity Process Check
PTC Integrity Process Consumer
PTC Integrity Process Director
PTC Integrity Process Perspective
PTC Integrity Requirements Connector
PTC AgileWorx

PTC Servigistics[edit]
Service lifecycle management SLM software that is used by manufacturers to understand how service planning, customer service, and analysis of returned product data can improve service value over a product’s life.[7] PTC SLM productset includes:

Servigistics Inservice - formerly Enigma
Servigistics Arbortext - formerly Arbortext[8] without Servigistics
Servigistics Connected Field Services
Servigistics Predictive Service
Servigistics Remote Services
Servigistics Parts Pricing
Servigistics Arbortext Editor
Servigistics Arbortext Isodraw
Servigistics Arbortext Isoview
Servigistics Service Network Management
Servigistics Service Parts Management

ThingWorx[edit]
A platform for the rapid development of applications designed for smart, connected sensors, devices, and products – or the Internet of Things.[9]
Axeda[edit]
A cloud-based service and software for managing connected products and machines and implementing Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) applications.[10][11]
Vuforia[edit]
Vuforia is an Augmented Reality Software Development Kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications.
Kepware[edit]
Kepware software, primarily KEPServerEX, is a connectivity platform for a diverse set of industrial automation endpoints. The software enables users to connect, manage, monitor, and control heterogeneous devices in the Industrial Internet of Things.
Implementer[edit]
The PTC Implementer product is a Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) system for the IBM i platform.
History[edit]
1985 - Company founded by Samuel Geisberg, and Mike Payne formerly from Prime Computer, Computervision, and Applicon.[12]
1988 - Steve Walske named CEO.[13] Company shipped Pro/ENGINEER and was considered first to market with parametric modeling design software.[14] This positions PTC as a leader in the CAD industry until the mid-1990s when a new generation of low-cost competitors arrive in the market.[15]
1989 - Initial public offering. (NASDAQ: PMTC)[16]
1992 - Caterpillar Inc. becomes PTC’s largest customer.[15]
1996 - PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology[17] sold the following year to the Beck Group.
1998 - Company ships Windchill and is considered first to market with internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).[15]
1999 - PTC announces it has 25,000 customers. Major industries include aerospace, retail/footwear/apparel, automotive, industrial equipment, consumer products, electronics, and high tech.[18]
1999 - Acquired Division Group (Division Ltd, Bristol Uk, Division Inc) Virtual reality - dVision Head Mounted Display & Software[19][20][21][22]
2002 - The company releases Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire.[23] This is the first CAD system to support web-based services.[15]
2005 - Acquired Arbortext for technical publishing technology.[24] Acquired Aptavis for retail, footwear and apparel technology.[25]
2006 - Acquired Mathsoft for its engineering calculation software.[26] Acquired ITEDO for its 3D technical illustration software.[27]
2007 - Acquired CoCreate for its direct modeling technology.[28]
2008 - Acquired Synapsis for its performance analytics technology to improve environmental performance of products.[29]
2009 - Acquired Relex Software for its reliability engineering software.[30]
2010 - James E. Heppelmann announced as CEO effective October 1, 2010.[31] Company renames Pro/ENGINEER to PTC Creo and promises the market product design software that is scalable, open, and easy-to-use.[32]
2011 - Acquired 4CS for its warranty, service, support and service parts technology.[33] Acquired MKS for its application lifecycle management technology for all software development processes.[34]
2012 - Acquired Servigistics for its suite of service lifecycle management software.[35]
2013 - Acquired NetIDEAS hosting vendor for more technology deployment options.[36] Acquired Enigma for its ability to deliver technical content to aftermarket service environments.[37] Acquired Internet of Things platform developer ThingWorx for their software applications that connect and track network-enabled products.[38]
2013 - Acquired ThingWorx, the Exton, Pennsylvania-based creators of an award-winning platform for building and running applications for the Internet of Things (IoT).
2014 - Acquired Axeda Corporation[39]
2014 - Acquired ATEGO Software, a leader in MBSE (model-based systems engineering) tool used in aerospace, transportation, and automotive industries (such as Alstom Transport and Rolls-Royce Defence)[40]
2015 - Acquired the Vuforia business from Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated. The Vuforia™ platform is the industry’s most advanced and widely adopted augmented reality (AR) technology platform.
2015 - Acquired Kepware, a software development company that provides communications connectivity to industrial automation environments.
Companies acquired by PTC[edit]

Prime Computer in 1992.
CDRS and 3DPaint from Evans & Sutherland on April 12, 1995 for $33,507,000.[41]
Rasna Corp., developers of MECHANICA design optimization and simulation software, in May 1995 for $180 million.[42]
PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology in July 1996, for $30m.[17]
Computervision, developers of CADDS, MEDUSA and the MPDS Plant Design System in 1998[43]
Division Group (Division Ltd, Division Inc) dVisor Virtual Reality HMD[19][20][21][22]
Polyplan, Technologies acquired 2005 for Manufacturing Process Management
Arbortext in 2005, for $190 million[44]
DENC AG and Cadtrain Inc. in late 2005 for an aggregate of $10 million. DENC adds a German consulting practice with expertise integrating PTC applications with enterprise-resource-planning software. Irvine, Calif.-based Cadtrain provides online training modules for PTC software.[45]
Aptavis Technology Corp, Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel, in June 2005[46]
Mathsoft, developers of Mathcad, in April 2006 for $63 million.[47]
ITEDO Software GmbH in October 2006 for $17 million. ITEDO developed technical illustration software and had 34 employees mainly in Germany and the United States.[48]
NC Graphics in May 2007 for an undisclosed sum.[49]
NetRegulus, Inc,an Enterprise Study and Quality management software for Medical Devices, in November 2007[50]
CoCreate in December 2007 for $250 million.[51]
Synapsis Technology in December 2008 for an undisclosed sum.[52]
Relex Software in June 2009 for $25 Million.[53]
Planet Metrics in January 2010 for an undisclosed sum.[54]
MKS Software makers of MKS Integrity - May, 2011[55]
4CS Software Solutions Inc, a developer of warranty management and service lifecycle management software for an undisclosed sum[56]
Servigistics in August 2012
Enigma in July 2013/
NetIDEAS in September 2013
ThingWorx in January 2014[57]
Atego (company), a developer of model-based systems and software engineering applications based in Cheltenham, UK for approximately $50 million in cash in July 2014[58]
Axeda Corporation - a leader in the M2M / IoT space connecting things with people and other things, based in Foxborough, MA for approximately $170 million in cash in August 2014
Coldlight in 2015
Vuforia in 2015
Kepware in 2015 for approximately $100 million, plus up to an additional $18 million based on achievement of certain strategic initiatives and financial results.
Plugin76 R&D in 2017

Support of STEM Education[edit]
In 1999, PTC created a Global Academic Program designed to support educational initiatives in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills. The program aims to partner schools and universities with companies to assist students in developing real-world skills needed for careers in manufacturing, technology, and other STEM jobs.[59] The program also has a direct recruitment program intended to place students in jobs with PTC’s commercial customers.[59]
PTC has also been a corporate sponsor of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) since 2008, providing participating students with access to PTC software for use in the FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Lego League, and FIRST World Championship.[60]
Awards and accolades[edit]
4th Annual Postscapes Internet of Things (IoT) Awards:[61][62]
[63]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "2015 Annual Report Inc." (PDF). 
^ Bloomberg : PTC Inc.
^ "PTC Creo". http://www.ptc.com/product/creo.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Mathcad". http://www.ptc.com/product/mathcad.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Windchill". http://www.ptc.com/product/windchill.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Integrity". PTC, Inc. 
^ "PTC Servigistics". http://www.ptc.com/product/servigistics.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Arbortext". http://www.ptc.com/product/arbortext.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "ThingWorx". http://www.ptc.com/product/thingworx.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ PTC Acquires Axeda
^ About Axeda
^ "Parametric Technology Corp.". IndustryWeek. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Forbes Profile: Steve Walske". Forbes. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "CAD software - history of CAD CAM". CADAZZ. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b c d Weisberg, David E. (2008). The Engineering Design Revolution: The People, Companies and Computer Systems That Changed Forever the Practice of Engineering (PDF). 
^ "Parametric Technology Corporation (PMTC)". Investor Village. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b Parametric Technology Corporation acquires object-oriented software technology for project modeling and management PTC news release dated 11 July 1996 (archived at FreeLibrary.com). Retrieved: 17 October 2015.
^ "Parametric Technology Reports Fiscal 1999 Second Quarter Results". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b "PTC History and Acquisitions". PTC: Product & Service Advantage. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b Hargreaves, Martin. "Virtual Reality: 1993 and 2013 Comparison between 1993 Division dVisor and 3D Mouse vs 2013 Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra.". medium.com. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "PTC Announces Intent To Acquire Division Group plc More information about Division Group plc can be found at www.Division.com.". wayback machine. Archived from the original on June 28, 2015. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "Division Inc......+1.650.312.8200......www.division.com......info@division.com Division Ltd......+44.1454.615554......www.division.co.uk......info@division.co.uk,". wayback machine. Archived from the original on February 3, 1998. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ "PTC's Pro/ENGINEER(R) Wildfire(TM) Delivers Industry's Best Platform For Product Development". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Forays Into Publishing". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Buys Aptavis, Grows PLM For Retail, Apparel Firms". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Mathsoft Buy Will Enhance PTC's Analytical Capabilities". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ferris, Sara. "PTC Acquires ITEDO, IsoDraw Products". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Rowe, Jeff. "PTC Completes CoCreate Acquisition". MCADCafe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Halpern, Marc. "PTC's Acquisition of Synapsis Accelerates Green PLM Trend". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Shelley, Tom. "Acquisition boosts design reliability". Eureka Magazine. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "James Heppelmann assumes Role of CEO at PTC". CXO Today. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Hand, Randall. "PTC Renames Pro/ENGINEER to Creo Design Software". VizWorld. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Brown, Rodney. "PTC picks up warranty and service software firm 4CS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "PTC Buys MKS, Adds System and Software Management to PLM". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Barkai, Joe. "PTC Acquires Servigistics -- Strengthens Position in Service Lifecycle Management". IDC. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Resende, Patricia. "Post restructuring, PTC buys longtime partner NetIDEAS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Reidy, Chris. "PTC buys Enigma to enhance its service lifecycle management portfolio". Boston Globe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ogewell, Verdi. "Why PTC acquired ThingWorx". Engineering.com. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires Axeda". PTC. Retrieved August 2014.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires ATEGO". PTC. Retrieved 26 June 2014. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 10-K - for fiscal year 1995". getfilings. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 8-K - For 5/30/95 - EX-99.1". SEC Info. 1995-05-30. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC History and Acquisitions". Ptc.com. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.managingautomation.com/maonline/news/read/PTC_Acquisition_of_Arbortext_Adds_Dynamic_Publishing_to_PLM_Portfolio_8191
^ http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/stories/2006/02/27/daily16.html. Retrieved 2010-08-14.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "PTC Strengthens Commitment To Retail, Footwear And Apparel Industry". 
^ "PTC Buys Mathsoft, Part II - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2006-04-28. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ [1] Archived November 15, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "PTC Acquires, RenamesNC Graphics - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2007-05-16. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/WCMS/files/62812/en/NetRegulus_Customer_PTC_Notification_final.pdf
^ "CoCreate Customer Information". PTC.com. 2007-12-03. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Advances Green Product Design And Environmental Regulatory Compliance Solution With Acquisition Of Synapsis Technology". PTC.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2009-06-08. 
^ "Parametric Technology acquires Relex Software". TradingMarkets.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Extends InSight Product Analytics Solution With Environmental Impact Analysis Technology". PTC.com. 2010-02-08. Retrieved 2010-02-08. [dead link]
^ "PTC Sets New Standard for Managing Hardware and Software Development Lifecycles with MKS Integrity Acquisition". yahoo.com. 2011-05-31. Retrieved 2011-07-13. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/appserver/wcms/standards/textsub.jsp?&im_dbkey=130664&icg_dbkey=21
^ http://www.ptc.com/about/news-room/press-releases/2013/12/ptc-acquires-leading-internet-of-things-platform-provider-thingworx
^ http://www.corumgroup.com/transactions/ptc-atego
^ a b "STEM Directory: James Heppelmann - PTC". STEM Connector. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "13-Year-Old FRC CADder Luke Dreams of a Personal Robotic Butler". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Postcapes 2014/2015 Internet of Things AWARDS Postcapes
^ PTC, ThingWorx, Axeda Win 2014 Internet of Things (IoT) Awards in Six Different Categories M2M WorldNews
^ Cloud based PLM Software for Fashion Business PLM Fashion


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


PTC



Related articles



Creo Elements/Pro
Creo Elements/View
Windchill
Mathcad










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PTC_(software_company)&oldid=791109134"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQNeedham, MassachusettsSoftware companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLCS1 errors: datesPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItaliano日本語Русский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.




























Technology Platforms and Solutions to Unlock the Value of the IoT | PTC





































                                            Call US
                                        






                                            Email US
                                        






                                            Support
                                        






                                            Trials
                                        









Chat Now - Let us know how we can help.

                                Start Chat
                            


 
                                    Customer Care: 1-877-ASK-4-PTC (1-877-275-4782)
Technical Support 1-800-477-6435 or click here.
You can also search for an office near you.
                                
                                 

 
                                    Have a PTC Sales Representative Contact Me
 

 
PTC eSupport
Global Support Services
 

 
Free PTC Software Trials and Downloads
 

 
Windchill Quality Demos
 













                                    Physical Digital Convergence
                                


                                        Physical Digital Convergence
                                    


                                    Physical digital convergence has the power to transform your business. Let PTC show you how.
                                
Watch now









                                    IDC MarketScape Positions PTC as Leader in IoT Platform Market
                                


                                        IDC MarketScape Positions PTC as Leader in IoT Platform Market
                                    


                                    IDC MarketScape: Worldwide IoT Platforms 2017 Vendor Assessment
                                
Download Now









                                    Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                


                                        Discover Your New Augmented Reality
                                    


                                    Master Design Reviews with Creo 4.0: M010

Learn More






Previous



Next















AnnouncementsJuly 19, 2017: PTC Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results






AnnouncementsJuly 19, 2017: PTC Q3 FY'17 Prepared Remarks






AnnouncementsJuly 12, 2017: PTC and Tech Mahindra Open Industrial Internet of Things Center of Excellence in India






AnnouncementsJuly 11, 2017: PTC and L&T Technology Services Unveil Industry 4.0 Center of Excellence













 



















 



















 



















 



















 



















 


Previous



Next






















































































































































































Previous



Next








 



Take Your Business to the Next Level
Only ThingWorx 8 has the functionality, flexibility, and agility you need to quickly develop and deploy industrial IoT apps and AR experiences. ThingWorx 8 is how IoT projects get built. 

Learn More









 



Leveraging Connected PLM to Develop Truly Trend-Driven Fashion
PTC Connected PLM Series Part 1

Download Now



















                                        New eBook
                                    
10 Expert Insights: The Future of Product Design in the Age of Smart & Connected Devices
Download Now










                                        IoT Insights from Analysts and Experts
                                    
Get Insights Into the Internet of Things (IoT) and Industry 4.0 From Analysts and Experts
Read More










                                        PTC Introduces Smart Connected Support™
                                    
See the difference, and experience it too
Learn More



















PTC (NASDAQ: PTC) is a global provider of technology platforms and solutions that transform how
companies create, operate, and service the “things” in the Internet of Things (IoT).







PTC's field-proven software and solutions are deployed in more than 26,000 businesses worldwide to generate a product or service advantage.






PTC has ~6,000 employees in 30 countries around the world.







PTC has 750+ partners, including value-added-resellers, enterprise software and performance team partners, hardware and system integration partners, and service and training partners.






Previous



Next












PTC Newsroom: Stay Up-to-Date with PTC News
Learn more 







Concept Design for Innovative Products
Learn more 























X













PTC (software company) - Wikipedia






















 






PTC (software company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PTC (Parametric Technology Corporation)





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PTC
S&P 400 Component


Industry
CAD/CAM/CAE/ PLM Software/ ALM/ SLM/ IOT


Founded
May 1985; 32 years ago (1985-05)


Headquarters
Needham, Massachusetts, United States



Key people

Donald K. Grierson (Chairman)
James E. Heppelmann (President & CEO)


Products
PTC Creo, PTC Windchill, PTC Mathcad, PTC Integrity, PTC Servigistics, PTC Arbortext, ThingWorx


Revenue
 $1.3 billion USD (2015)[1]



Operating income

 $41.6 million USD (2015)[1]



Net income

 $48 million USD (2015)[1]



Number of employees

5,982 (2015)[1]


Website
www.ptc.com


PTC (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is a computer software and services company founded in 1985 and headquartered outside of Boston, Massachusetts. The company developed parametric, associative feature-based, solid computer-aided design (CAD) modeling software in 1988, including an Internet-based product for product lifecycle management (PLM) in 1998. PTC markets products and services and an Internet of things (IoT) and augmented reality (AR) platform for partners and developers.



Contents


1 Products

1.1 PTC Creo
1.2 PTC Mathcad
1.3 PTC Windchill
1.4 PTC Integrity
1.5 PTC Servigistics
1.6 ThingWorx
1.7 Axeda
1.8 Vuforia
1.9 Kepware
1.10 Implementer


2 History
3 Companies acquired by PTC
4 Support of STEM Education
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



Products[edit]
PTC has six core product families: Creo, Windchill, Mathcad, Integrity, Servigistics, ThingWorx. The Company's technology is primarily used by discrete manufacturers to design, operate and maintain complex products. PTC's technology is also used to connect products to the Internet for purposes of capturing and analyzing information from them.[2]
PTC Creo[edit]
Main articles: PTC Creo, PTC Creo Elements/Pro, Creo Elements/Direct, and PTC Creo Elements/View
The PTC CAD product provides a set of Computer Aided Design capabilities. PTC CAD is a suite of 2D and 3D product design software used to create, analyze and view product designs. PTC Creo software was released in June 2011 to replace and supersede PTC’s products formerly known as Pro/ENGINEER, CoCreate, and ProductView.[3] Other products include:

CREO parametric - formerly Pro/ENGINEER
CREO simulate - formerly Pro/MECHANICA
CREO direct - formerly CoCreate OneSpace Modeling
CREO options modeler
CREO illustrate schematics
CREO view
CREO illustrate

PTC Mathcad[edit]
Main article: Mathcad
Engineering calculation software that is used by engineers to solve, document and share the calculations used for product design.[4]
PTC Windchill[edit]
Web-based database software that provides access to product information like MCAD and ECAD data files, process documents, and software engineering information.[5] The PTC Windchill product provides a set of PLM Product Lifecycle Management capabilities and consists of the following products:

Windchill PDMLink
Windchill product analytics - formerly Materials Compliance
Windchill quality solutions - formerly Relex and NetRegulus
Windchill workgroup manager
Windchill projectlink
Windchill part classification
PTC FlexPLM

PTC Integrity[edit]
The PTC Integrity product provides a set of Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Systems Engineering capabilities and consists of the following products:[6]

PTC Integrity Asset Library
PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager - formerly MKS Integrity
PTC Integrity Modeler - formerly Atego Modeler
PTC Integrity Process Check
PTC Integrity Process Consumer
PTC Integrity Process Director
PTC Integrity Process Perspective
PTC Integrity Requirements Connector
PTC AgileWorx

PTC Servigistics[edit]
Service lifecycle management SLM software that is used by manufacturers to understand how service planning, customer service, and analysis of returned product data can improve service value over a product’s life.[7] PTC SLM productset includes:

Servigistics Inservice - formerly Enigma
Servigistics Arbortext - formerly Arbortext[8] without Servigistics
Servigistics Connected Field Services
Servigistics Predictive Service
Servigistics Remote Services
Servigistics Parts Pricing
Servigistics Arbortext Editor
Servigistics Arbortext Isodraw
Servigistics Arbortext Isoview
Servigistics Service Network Management
Servigistics Service Parts Management

ThingWorx[edit]
A platform for the rapid development of applications designed for smart, connected sensors, devices, and products – or the Internet of Things.[9]
Axeda[edit]
A cloud-based service and software for managing connected products and machines and implementing Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) applications.[10][11]
Vuforia[edit]
Vuforia is an Augmented Reality Software Development Kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications.
Kepware[edit]
Kepware software, primarily KEPServerEX, is a connectivity platform for a diverse set of industrial automation endpoints. The software enables users to connect, manage, monitor, and control heterogeneous devices in the Industrial Internet of Things.
Implementer[edit]
The PTC Implementer product is a Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) system for the IBM i platform.
History[edit]
1985 - Company founded by Samuel Geisberg, and Mike Payne formerly from Prime Computer, Computervision, and Applicon.[12]
1988 - Steve Walske named CEO.[13] Company shipped Pro/ENGINEER and was considered first to market with parametric modeling design software.[14] This positions PTC as a leader in the CAD industry until the mid-1990s when a new generation of low-cost competitors arrive in the market.[15]
1989 - Initial public offering. (NASDAQ: PMTC)[16]
1992 - Caterpillar Inc. becomes PTC’s largest customer.[15]
1996 - PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology[17] sold the following year to the Beck Group.
1998 - Company ships Windchill and is considered first to market with internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).[15]
1999 - PTC announces it has 25,000 customers. Major industries include aerospace, retail/footwear/apparel, automotive, industrial equipment, consumer products, electronics, and high tech.[18]
1999 - Acquired Division Group (Division Ltd, Bristol Uk, Division Inc) Virtual reality - dVision Head Mounted Display & Software[19][20][21][22]
2002 - The company releases Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire.[23] This is the first CAD system to support web-based services.[15]
2005 - Acquired Arbortext for technical publishing technology.[24] Acquired Aptavis for retail, footwear and apparel technology.[25]
2006 - Acquired Mathsoft for its engineering calculation software.[26] Acquired ITEDO for its 3D technical illustration software.[27]
2007 - Acquired CoCreate for its direct modeling technology.[28]
2008 - Acquired Synapsis for its performance analytics technology to improve environmental performance of products.[29]
2009 - Acquired Relex Software for its reliability engineering software.[30]
2010 - James E. Heppelmann announced as CEO effective October 1, 2010.[31] Company renames Pro/ENGINEER to PTC Creo and promises the market product design software that is scalable, open, and easy-to-use.[32]
2011 - Acquired 4CS for its warranty, service, support and service parts technology.[33] Acquired MKS for its application lifecycle management technology for all software development processes.[34]
2012 - Acquired Servigistics for its suite of service lifecycle management software.[35]
2013 - Acquired NetIDEAS hosting vendor for more technology deployment options.[36] Acquired Enigma for its ability to deliver technical content to aftermarket service environments.[37] Acquired Internet of Things platform developer ThingWorx for their software applications that connect and track network-enabled products.[38]
2013 - Acquired ThingWorx, the Exton, Pennsylvania-based creators of an award-winning platform for building and running applications for the Internet of Things (IoT).
2014 - Acquired Axeda Corporation[39]
2014 - Acquired ATEGO Software, a leader in MBSE (model-based systems engineering) tool used in aerospace, transportation, and automotive industries (such as Alstom Transport and Rolls-Royce Defence)[40]
2015 - Acquired the Vuforia business from Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated. The Vuforia™ platform is the industry’s most advanced and widely adopted augmented reality (AR) technology platform.
2015 - Acquired Kepware, a software development company that provides communications connectivity to industrial automation environments.
Companies acquired by PTC[edit]

Prime Computer in 1992.
CDRS and 3DPaint from Evans & Sutherland on April 12, 1995 for $33,507,000.[41]
Rasna Corp., developers of MECHANICA design optimization and simulation software, in May 1995 for $180 million.[42]
PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology in July 1996, for $30m.[17]
Computervision, developers of CADDS, MEDUSA and the MPDS Plant Design System in 1998[43]
Division Group (Division Ltd, Division Inc) dVisor Virtual Reality HMD[19][20][21][22]
Polyplan, Technologies acquired 2005 for Manufacturing Process Management
Arbortext in 2005, for $190 million[44]
DENC AG and Cadtrain Inc. in late 2005 for an aggregate of $10 million. DENC adds a German consulting practice with expertise integrating PTC applications with enterprise-resource-planning software. Irvine, Calif.-based Cadtrain provides online training modules for PTC software.[45]
Aptavis Technology Corp, Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel, in June 2005[46]
Mathsoft, developers of Mathcad, in April 2006 for $63 million.[47]
ITEDO Software GmbH in October 2006 for $17 million. ITEDO developed technical illustration software and had 34 employees mainly in Germany and the United States.[48]
NC Graphics in May 2007 for an undisclosed sum.[49]
NetRegulus, Inc,an Enterprise Study and Quality management software for Medical Devices, in November 2007[50]
CoCreate in December 2007 for $250 million.[51]
Synapsis Technology in December 2008 for an undisclosed sum.[52]
Relex Software in June 2009 for $25 Million.[53]
Planet Metrics in January 2010 for an undisclosed sum.[54]
MKS Software makers of MKS Integrity - May, 2011[55]
4CS Software Solutions Inc, a developer of warranty management and service lifecycle management software for an undisclosed sum[56]
Servigistics in August 2012
Enigma in July 2013/
NetIDEAS in September 2013
ThingWorx in January 2014[57]
Atego (company), a developer of model-based systems and software engineering applications based in Cheltenham, UK for approximately $50 million in cash in July 2014[58]
Axeda Corporation - a leader in the M2M / IoT space connecting things with people and other things, based in Foxborough, MA for approximately $170 million in cash in August 2014
Coldlight in 2015
Vuforia in 2015
Kepware in 2015 for approximately $100 million, plus up to an additional $18 million based on achievement of certain strategic initiatives and financial results.
Plugin76 R&D in 2017

Support of STEM Education[edit]
In 1999, PTC created a Global Academic Program designed to support educational initiatives in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills. The program aims to partner schools and universities with companies to assist students in developing real-world skills needed for careers in manufacturing, technology, and other STEM jobs.[59] The program also has a direct recruitment program intended to place students in jobs with PTC’s commercial customers.[59]
PTC has also been a corporate sponsor of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) since 2008, providing participating students with access to PTC software for use in the FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Lego League, and FIRST World Championship.[60]
Awards and accolades[edit]
4th Annual Postscapes Internet of Things (IoT) Awards:[61][62]
[63]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "2015 Annual Report Inc." (PDF). 
^ Bloomberg : PTC Inc.
^ "PTC Creo". http://www.ptc.com/product/creo.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Mathcad". http://www.ptc.com/product/mathcad.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Windchill". http://www.ptc.com/product/windchill.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Integrity". PTC, Inc. 
^ "PTC Servigistics". http://www.ptc.com/product/servigistics.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Arbortext". http://www.ptc.com/product/arbortext.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "ThingWorx". http://www.ptc.com/product/thingworx.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ PTC Acquires Axeda
^ About Axeda
^ "Parametric Technology Corp.". IndustryWeek. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Forbes Profile: Steve Walske". Forbes. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "CAD software - history of CAD CAM". CADAZZ. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b c d Weisberg, David E. (2008). The Engineering Design Revolution: The People, Companies and Computer Systems That Changed Forever the Practice of Engineering (PDF). 
^ "Parametric Technology Corporation (PMTC)". Investor Village. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b Parametric Technology Corporation acquires object-oriented software technology for project modeling and management PTC news release dated 11 July 1996 (archived at FreeLibrary.com). Retrieved: 17 October 2015.
^ "Parametric Technology Reports Fiscal 1999 Second Quarter Results". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b "PTC History and Acquisitions". PTC: Product & Service Advantage. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b Hargreaves, Martin. "Virtual Reality: 1993 and 2013 Comparison between 1993 Division dVisor and 3D Mouse vs 2013 Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra.". medium.com. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "PTC Announces Intent To Acquire Division Group plc More information about Division Group plc can be found at www.Division.com.". wayback machine. Archived from the original on June 28, 2015. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "Division Inc......+1.650.312.8200......www.division.com......info@division.com Division Ltd......+44.1454.615554......www.division.co.uk......info@division.co.uk,". wayback machine. Archived from the original on February 3, 1998. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ "PTC's Pro/ENGINEER(R) Wildfire(TM) Delivers Industry's Best Platform For Product Development". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Forays Into Publishing". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Buys Aptavis, Grows PLM For Retail, Apparel Firms". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Mathsoft Buy Will Enhance PTC's Analytical Capabilities". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ferris, Sara. "PTC Acquires ITEDO, IsoDraw Products". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Rowe, Jeff. "PTC Completes CoCreate Acquisition". MCADCafe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Halpern, Marc. "PTC's Acquisition of Synapsis Accelerates Green PLM Trend". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Shelley, Tom. "Acquisition boosts design reliability". Eureka Magazine. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "James Heppelmann assumes Role of CEO at PTC". CXO Today. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Hand, Randall. "PTC Renames Pro/ENGINEER to Creo Design Software". VizWorld. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Brown, Rodney. "PTC picks up warranty and service software firm 4CS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "PTC Buys MKS, Adds System and Software Management to PLM". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Barkai, Joe. "PTC Acquires Servigistics -- Strengthens Position in Service Lifecycle Management". IDC. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Resende, Patricia. "Post restructuring, PTC buys longtime partner NetIDEAS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Reidy, Chris. "PTC buys Enigma to enhance its service lifecycle management portfolio". Boston Globe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ogewell, Verdi. "Why PTC acquired ThingWorx". Engineering.com. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires Axeda". PTC. Retrieved August 2014.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires ATEGO". PTC. Retrieved 26 June 2014. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 10-K - for fiscal year 1995". getfilings. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 8-K - For 5/30/95 - EX-99.1". SEC Info. 1995-05-30. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC History and Acquisitions". Ptc.com. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.managingautomation.com/maonline/news/read/PTC_Acquisition_of_Arbortext_Adds_Dynamic_Publishing_to_PLM_Portfolio_8191
^ http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/stories/2006/02/27/daily16.html. Retrieved 2010-08-14.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "PTC Strengthens Commitment To Retail, Footwear And Apparel Industry". 
^ "PTC Buys Mathsoft, Part II - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2006-04-28. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ [1] Archived November 15, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "PTC Acquires, RenamesNC Graphics - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2007-05-16. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/WCMS/files/62812/en/NetRegulus_Customer_PTC_Notification_final.pdf
^ "CoCreate Customer Information". PTC.com. 2007-12-03. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Advances Green Product Design And Environmental Regulatory Compliance Solution With Acquisition Of Synapsis Technology". PTC.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2009-06-08. 
^ "Parametric Technology acquires Relex Software". TradingMarkets.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Extends InSight Product Analytics Solution With Environmental Impact Analysis Technology". PTC.com. 2010-02-08. Retrieved 2010-02-08. [dead link]
^ "PTC Sets New Standard for Managing Hardware and Software Development Lifecycles with MKS Integrity Acquisition". yahoo.com. 2011-05-31. Retrieved 2011-07-13. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/appserver/wcms/standards/textsub.jsp?&im_dbkey=130664&icg_dbkey=21
^ http://www.ptc.com/about/news-room/press-releases/2013/12/ptc-acquires-leading-internet-of-things-platform-provider-thingworx
^ http://www.corumgroup.com/transactions/ptc-atego
^ a b "STEM Directory: James Heppelmann - PTC". STEM Connector. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "13-Year-Old FRC CADder Luke Dreams of a Personal Robotic Butler". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Postcapes 2014/2015 Internet of Things AWARDS Postcapes
^ PTC, ThingWorx, Axeda Win 2014 Internet of Things (IoT) Awards in Six Different Categories M2M WorldNews
^ Cloud based PLM Software for Fashion Business PLM Fashion


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


PTC



Related articles



Creo Elements/Pro
Creo Elements/View
Windchill
Mathcad










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PTC_(software_company)&oldid=791109134"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQNeedham, MassachusettsSoftware companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLCS1 errors: datesPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItaliano日本語Русский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















PTC (@PTC) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      PTCVerified account



@PTC












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
17.5K
            



Following
Following
13.3K



Followers
Followers
29.2K



Likes
Likes
5,198



Lists
Lists
8
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists






Unmute @PTC

Mute @PTC



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















PTCVerified account



@PTC


Official Twitter account of PTC: Bringing technology solutions and leadership to the #IoT. Learn more & contact us today: http://ptc.co/caBT30d22sH 



            Worldwide

      



 
    PTC.com
  




Joined October 2010












                
                3,723 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @PTC
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @PTC
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            PTC followed
        

























PTC‏Verified account @PTC

6h6 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Learn about the impact of holistic service parts management solutions on your business http://ptc.co/pGUd30dUeUm pic.twitter.com/NKmmWeeHyd
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

8h8 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Our #blog shares highlights from recent events including #LiveWorx & #AWE: http://ptc.co/mCO130dLNQB pic.twitter.com/drhlYs6CZI
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

11h11 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@PTC_Creo Product Insight helps designers use data to create better design with @ThingWorx integration http://ptc.co/oRpU30dXqVF  #CAD #IoTpic.twitter.com/VJYdohb6Gg
















0 replies




0 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

14h14 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@MassTLC announced its finalists for the 20th Annual Technology Leadership Awards. See the list >> http://ptc.co/uYrL30dXiSF  #MTLCAWARDS pic.twitter.com/PVDbvgxCS9
















2 replies




8 retweets




15 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


15





Liked


15










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






PTC Retweeted SIIA Software Div.

Thank you! What an honor https://twitter.com/siiasoftware/status/890287105494188033 …

PTC added,

















SIIA Software Div. @SIIASoftware

Congratulations to 2017 @CODiEAwards Winner for Best IoT Platform @PTC http://hubs.ly/H086JNR0  pic.twitter.com/pmiTtR8YWb









0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Digitalization has already changed our world. Now we are facing a new revolution in #manufacturing. http://ptc.co/Lnb930dQJ6r  via @MMSOnline





0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Celebrating local #innovation with @N2district! BBQ, bands, games and ice cream!  #feelslikesummer #N2blockpartypic.twitter.com/7DG5x8SnSY
















2 replies




6 retweets




8 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"IT orgs are in a unique time and place support & accelerate their companies' transformation." http://ptc.co/nTAF30dQRcU  @InformationWeek









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@InformationAge looks at the unexpected ways that #IoT could change various industries across the next few years.http://ptc.co/9l6D30dQR6G 









0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#OEM & semiconductor #manufacturers are improving capabilities and functionality at the #edge: http://ptc.co/jN8n30dQC2j  via @forbes #IIoT









0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







PTC's @ThingWorx platform won the #CODiE17 for Best #IoT Platform! Thank you @SIIA for another great #SIIADeciphering event pic.twitter.com/KhsuqQMMvP



















8 replies




27 retweets




34 likes








Reply


8







Retweet


27




Retweeted


27








Like


34





Liked


34










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Blog: The majority of #enterpriseAR customers are confirming that these technologies save them money. http://ptc.co/3XS130dBSrP pic.twitter.com/EI5OYZVaPF
















0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@McKinsey identified the top 5 characteristics of #IoT platforms on which to base an evaluation.http://ptc.co/Iuvu30cZHFU 









0 replies




8 retweets




11 likes








Reply










Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


11





Liked


11










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Our #blog discusses the synergies between #IoT & #AI using @iRobot's Roomba as an example. http://ptc.co/8rKB30dLNYS pic.twitter.com/0BigvLGMVP
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@HitachiCME Construction Machinery adopts PTC #SPM to optimize its global service parts inventory >> http://ptc.co/p8z530dSnEh  cc: @PTC_SLMpic.twitter.com/4fPhZK4i8Z
















0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#AR "remote expert" is driving industry #wearables. Learn more via @IIoT_Viewpoints http://ptc.co/fLP430dSbkN  #IoT #projectchalk cc: @Vuforiapic.twitter.com/t8sBqwm8Ru
















0 replies




0 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






PTC Retweeted Life at PTC

Congrats are in order for Peter! Watch this video to see how he used #AI to transform technical support http://ptc.co/iRAs30dLs4n  #lifeatPTChttps://twitter.com/lifeatPTC/status/889855404448129024 …

PTC added,

















Life at PTC @lifeatPTC

Here at @PTC, we celebrate employees who drive #innovation. Great job Peter! http://ptc.co/iRAs30dLs4n  #lifeatPTC #PTCchangemaker pic.twitter.com/xSZ3HSm0hB









0 replies




0 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We're excited to speak at #SIIADeciphering! Gain insights in #IoT & #AR w/ Manish Yashvant @ 1:45PM http://ptc.co/s5Tf30dTwR1  @SIIASoftware pic.twitter.com/Opvi8N1H55
















0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A dynamic #supplychain generates valuable #data on how consumers interact with the business’ products & services.http://ptc.co/h5Ht30duoj7 









0 replies




2 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PTC‏Verified account @PTC

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







With @Google's news about Glass, the future of #AR is bigger, brighter, and closer than anticipated. http://ptc.co/uAED30dQt4F  #GoogleGlasspic.twitter.com/pcyfwtVPR1
















0 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @PTC hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























PTC (software company) - Wikipedia






















 






PTC (software company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PTC (Parametric Technology Corporation)





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PTC
S&P 400 Component


Industry
CAD/CAM/CAE/ PLM Software/ ALM/ SLM/ IOT


Founded
May 1985; 32 years ago (1985-05)


Headquarters
Needham, Massachusetts, United States



Key people

Donald K. Grierson (Chairman)
James E. Heppelmann (President & CEO)


Products
PTC Creo, PTC Windchill, PTC Mathcad, PTC Integrity, PTC Servigistics, PTC Arbortext, ThingWorx


Revenue
 $1.3 billion USD (2015)[1]



Operating income

 $41.6 million USD (2015)[1]



Net income

 $48 million USD (2015)[1]



Number of employees

5,982 (2015)[1]


Website
www.ptc.com


PTC (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is a computer software and services company founded in 1985 and headquartered outside of Boston, Massachusetts. The company developed parametric, associative feature-based, solid computer-aided design (CAD) modeling software in 1988, including an Internet-based product for product lifecycle management (PLM) in 1998. PTC markets products and services and an Internet of things (IoT) and augmented reality (AR) platform for partners and developers.



Contents


1 Products

1.1 PTC Creo
1.2 PTC Mathcad
1.3 PTC Windchill
1.4 PTC Integrity
1.5 PTC Servigistics
1.6 ThingWorx
1.7 Axeda
1.8 Vuforia
1.9 Kepware
1.10 Implementer


2 History
3 Companies acquired by PTC
4 Support of STEM Education
5 Awards and accolades
6 References
7 External links



Products[edit]
PTC has six core product families: Creo, Windchill, Mathcad, Integrity, Servigistics, ThingWorx. The Company's technology is primarily used by discrete manufacturers to design, operate and maintain complex products. PTC's technology is also used to connect products to the Internet for purposes of capturing and analyzing information from them.[2]
PTC Creo[edit]
Main articles: PTC Creo, PTC Creo Elements/Pro, Creo Elements/Direct, and PTC Creo Elements/View
The PTC CAD product provides a set of Computer Aided Design capabilities. PTC CAD is a suite of 2D and 3D product design software used to create, analyze and view product designs. PTC Creo software was released in June 2011 to replace and supersede PTC’s products formerly known as Pro/ENGINEER, CoCreate, and ProductView.[3] Other products include:

CREO parametric - formerly Pro/ENGINEER
CREO simulate - formerly Pro/MECHANICA
CREO direct - formerly CoCreate OneSpace Modeling
CREO options modeler
CREO illustrate schematics
CREO view
CREO illustrate

PTC Mathcad[edit]
Main article: Mathcad
Engineering calculation software that is used by engineers to solve, document and share the calculations used for product design.[4]
PTC Windchill[edit]
Web-based database software that provides access to product information like MCAD and ECAD data files, process documents, and software engineering information.[5] The PTC Windchill product provides a set of PLM Product Lifecycle Management capabilities and consists of the following products:

Windchill PDMLink
Windchill product analytics - formerly Materials Compliance
Windchill quality solutions - formerly Relex and NetRegulus
Windchill workgroup manager
Windchill projectlink
Windchill part classification
PTC FlexPLM

PTC Integrity[edit]
The PTC Integrity product provides a set of Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Systems Engineering capabilities and consists of the following products:[6]

PTC Integrity Asset Library
PTC Integrity Lifecycle Manager - formerly MKS Integrity
PTC Integrity Modeler - formerly Atego Modeler
PTC Integrity Process Check
PTC Integrity Process Consumer
PTC Integrity Process Director
PTC Integrity Process Perspective
PTC Integrity Requirements Connector
PTC AgileWorx

PTC Servigistics[edit]
Service lifecycle management SLM software that is used by manufacturers to understand how service planning, customer service, and analysis of returned product data can improve service value over a product’s life.[7] PTC SLM productset includes:

Servigistics Inservice - formerly Enigma
Servigistics Arbortext - formerly Arbortext[8] without Servigistics
Servigistics Connected Field Services
Servigistics Predictive Service
Servigistics Remote Services
Servigistics Parts Pricing
Servigistics Arbortext Editor
Servigistics Arbortext Isodraw
Servigistics Arbortext Isoview
Servigistics Service Network Management
Servigistics Service Parts Management

ThingWorx[edit]
A platform for the rapid development of applications designed for smart, connected sensors, devices, and products – or the Internet of Things.[9]
Axeda[edit]
A cloud-based service and software for managing connected products and machines and implementing Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) applications.[10][11]
Vuforia[edit]
Vuforia is an Augmented Reality Software Development Kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications.
Kepware[edit]
Kepware software, primarily KEPServerEX, is a connectivity platform for a diverse set of industrial automation endpoints. The software enables users to connect, manage, monitor, and control heterogeneous devices in the Industrial Internet of Things.
Implementer[edit]
The PTC Implementer product is a Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) system for the IBM i platform.
History[edit]
1985 - Company founded by Samuel Geisberg, and Mike Payne formerly from Prime Computer, Computervision, and Applicon.[12]
1988 - Steve Walske named CEO.[13] Company shipped Pro/ENGINEER and was considered first to market with parametric modeling design software.[14] This positions PTC as a leader in the CAD industry until the mid-1990s when a new generation of low-cost competitors arrive in the market.[15]
1989 - Initial public offering. (NASDAQ: PMTC)[16]
1992 - Caterpillar Inc. becomes PTC’s largest customer.[15]
1996 - PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology[17] sold the following year to the Beck Group.
1998 - Company ships Windchill and is considered first to market with internet-based solutions for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).[15]
1999 - PTC announces it has 25,000 customers. Major industries include aerospace, retail/footwear/apparel, automotive, industrial equipment, consumer products, electronics, and high tech.[18]
1999 - Acquired Division Group (Division Ltd, Bristol Uk, Division Inc) Virtual reality - dVision Head Mounted Display & Software[19][20][21][22]
2002 - The company releases Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire.[23] This is the first CAD system to support web-based services.[15]
2005 - Acquired Arbortext for technical publishing technology.[24] Acquired Aptavis for retail, footwear and apparel technology.[25]
2006 - Acquired Mathsoft for its engineering calculation software.[26] Acquired ITEDO for its 3D technical illustration software.[27]
2007 - Acquired CoCreate for its direct modeling technology.[28]
2008 - Acquired Synapsis for its performance analytics technology to improve environmental performance of products.[29]
2009 - Acquired Relex Software for its reliability engineering software.[30]
2010 - James E. Heppelmann announced as CEO effective October 1, 2010.[31] Company renames Pro/ENGINEER to PTC Creo and promises the market product design software that is scalable, open, and easy-to-use.[32]
2011 - Acquired 4CS for its warranty, service, support and service parts technology.[33] Acquired MKS for its application lifecycle management technology for all software development processes.[34]
2012 - Acquired Servigistics for its suite of service lifecycle management software.[35]
2013 - Acquired NetIDEAS hosting vendor for more technology deployment options.[36] Acquired Enigma for its ability to deliver technical content to aftermarket service environments.[37] Acquired Internet of Things platform developer ThingWorx for their software applications that connect and track network-enabled products.[38]
2013 - Acquired ThingWorx, the Exton, Pennsylvania-based creators of an award-winning platform for building and running applications for the Internet of Things (IoT).
2014 - Acquired Axeda Corporation[39]
2014 - Acquired ATEGO Software, a leader in MBSE (model-based systems engineering) tool used in aerospace, transportation, and automotive industries (such as Alstom Transport and Rolls-Royce Defence)[40]
2015 - Acquired the Vuforia business from Qualcomm Connected Experiences, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated. The Vuforia™ platform is the industry’s most advanced and widely adopted augmented reality (AR) technology platform.
2015 - Acquired Kepware, a software development company that provides communications connectivity to industrial automation environments.
Companies acquired by PTC[edit]

Prime Computer in 1992.
CDRS and 3DPaint from Evans & Sutherland on April 12, 1995 for $33,507,000.[41]
Rasna Corp., developers of MECHANICA design optimization and simulation software, in May 1995 for $180 million.[42]
PTC acquires Reflex project modeling and management software technology in July 1996, for $30m.[17]
Computervision, developers of CADDS, MEDUSA and the MPDS Plant Design System in 1998[43]
Division Group (Division Ltd, Division Inc) dVisor Virtual Reality HMD[19][20][21][22]
Polyplan, Technologies acquired 2005 for Manufacturing Process Management
Arbortext in 2005, for $190 million[44]
DENC AG and Cadtrain Inc. in late 2005 for an aggregate of $10 million. DENC adds a German consulting practice with expertise integrating PTC applications with enterprise-resource-planning software. Irvine, Calif.-based Cadtrain provides online training modules for PTC software.[45]
Aptavis Technology Corp, Windchill-based technology and expertise for retail, footwear and apparel, in June 2005[46]
Mathsoft, developers of Mathcad, in April 2006 for $63 million.[47]
ITEDO Software GmbH in October 2006 for $17 million. ITEDO developed technical illustration software and had 34 employees mainly in Germany and the United States.[48]
NC Graphics in May 2007 for an undisclosed sum.[49]
NetRegulus, Inc,an Enterprise Study and Quality management software for Medical Devices, in November 2007[50]
CoCreate in December 2007 for $250 million.[51]
Synapsis Technology in December 2008 for an undisclosed sum.[52]
Relex Software in June 2009 for $25 Million.[53]
Planet Metrics in January 2010 for an undisclosed sum.[54]
MKS Software makers of MKS Integrity - May, 2011[55]
4CS Software Solutions Inc, a developer of warranty management and service lifecycle management software for an undisclosed sum[56]
Servigistics in August 2012
Enigma in July 2013/
NetIDEAS in September 2013
ThingWorx in January 2014[57]
Atego (company), a developer of model-based systems and software engineering applications based in Cheltenham, UK for approximately $50 million in cash in July 2014[58]
Axeda Corporation - a leader in the M2M / IoT space connecting things with people and other things, based in Foxborough, MA for approximately $170 million in cash in August 2014
Coldlight in 2015
Vuforia in 2015
Kepware in 2015 for approximately $100 million, plus up to an additional $18 million based on achievement of certain strategic initiatives and financial results.
Plugin76 R&D in 2017

Support of STEM Education[edit]
In 1999, PTC created a Global Academic Program designed to support educational initiatives in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills. The program aims to partner schools and universities with companies to assist students in developing real-world skills needed for careers in manufacturing, technology, and other STEM jobs.[59] The program also has a direct recruitment program intended to place students in jobs with PTC’s commercial customers.[59]
PTC has also been a corporate sponsor of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) since 2008, providing participating students with access to PTC software for use in the FIRST Tech Challenge, FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Lego League, and FIRST World Championship.[60]
Awards and accolades[edit]
4th Annual Postscapes Internet of Things (IoT) Awards:[61][62]
[63]
References[edit]


^ a b c d "2015 Annual Report Inc." (PDF). 
^ Bloomberg : PTC Inc.
^ "PTC Creo". http://www.ptc.com/product/creo.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Mathcad". http://www.ptc.com/product/mathcad.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Windchill". http://www.ptc.com/product/windchill.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Integrity". PTC, Inc. 
^ "PTC Servigistics". http://www.ptc.com/product/servigistics.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "PTC Arbortext". http://www.ptc.com/product/arbortext.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "ThingWorx". http://www.ptc.com/product/thingworx.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ PTC Acquires Axeda
^ About Axeda
^ "Parametric Technology Corp.". IndustryWeek. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Forbes Profile: Steve Walske". Forbes. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "CAD software - history of CAD CAM". CADAZZ. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b c d Weisberg, David E. (2008). The Engineering Design Revolution: The People, Companies and Computer Systems That Changed Forever the Practice of Engineering (PDF). 
^ "Parametric Technology Corporation (PMTC)". Investor Village. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b Parametric Technology Corporation acquires object-oriented software technology for project modeling and management PTC news release dated 11 July 1996 (archived at FreeLibrary.com). Retrieved: 17 October 2015.
^ "Parametric Technology Reports Fiscal 1999 Second Quarter Results". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ a b "PTC History and Acquisitions". PTC: Product & Service Advantage. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b Hargreaves, Martin. "Virtual Reality: 1993 and 2013 Comparison between 1993 Division dVisor and 3D Mouse vs 2013 Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra.". medium.com. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "PTC Announces Intent To Acquire Division Group plc More information about Division Group plc can be found at www.Division.com.". wayback machine. Archived from the original on June 28, 2015. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ a b "Division Inc......+1.650.312.8200......www.division.com......info@division.com Division Ltd......+44.1454.615554......www.division.co.uk......info@division.co.uk,". wayback machine. Archived from the original on February 3, 1998. Retrieved 13 June 2015. 
^ "PTC's Pro/ENGINEER(R) Wildfire(TM) Delivers Industry's Best Platform For Product Development". Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Forays Into Publishing". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "PTC Buys Aptavis, Grows PLM For Retail, Apparel Firms". Aroq Ltd. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "Mathsoft Buy Will Enhance PTC's Analytical Capabilities". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ferris, Sara. "PTC Acquires ITEDO, IsoDraw Products". Cadalyst. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Rowe, Jeff. "PTC Completes CoCreate Acquisition". MCADCafe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Halpern, Marc. "PTC's Acquisition of Synapsis Accelerates Green PLM Trend". Gartner. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Shelley, Tom. "Acquisition boosts design reliability". Eureka Magazine. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ "James Heppelmann assumes Role of CEO at PTC". CXO Today. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Hand, Randall. "PTC Renames Pro/ENGINEER to Creo Design Software". VizWorld. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Brown, Rodney. "PTC picks up warranty and service software firm 4CS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "PTC Buys MKS, Adds System and Software Management to PLM". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Barkai, Joe. "PTC Acquires Servigistics -- Strengthens Position in Service Lifecycle Management". IDC. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Resende, Patricia. "Post restructuring, PTC buys longtime partner NetIDEAS". Boston Journal. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Reidy, Chris. "PTC buys Enigma to enhance its service lifecycle management portfolio". Boston Globe. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Ogewell, Verdi. "Why PTC acquired ThingWorx". Engineering.com. Retrieved 21 January 2014. 
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires Axeda". PTC. Retrieved August 2014.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ Collinsworth, Troy. "PTC acquires ATEGO". PTC. Retrieved 26 June 2014. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 10-K - for fiscal year 1995". getfilings. 
^ "Parametric Technology Corp - 8-K - For 5/30/95 - EX-99.1". SEC Info. 1995-05-30. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC History and Acquisitions". Ptc.com. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.managingautomation.com/maonline/news/read/PTC_Acquisition_of_Arbortext_Adds_Dynamic_Publishing_to_PLM_Portfolio_8191
^ http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/stories/2006/02/27/daily16.html. Retrieved 2010-08-14.  Missing or empty |title= (help)
^ "PTC Strengthens Commitment To Retail, Footwear And Apparel Industry". 
^ "PTC Buys Mathsoft, Part II - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2006-04-28. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ [1] Archived November 15, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "PTC Acquires, RenamesNC Graphics - WorldCAD Access". Worldcadaccess.typepad.com. 2007-05-16. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/WCMS/files/62812/en/NetRegulus_Customer_PTC_Notification_final.pdf
^ "CoCreate Customer Information". PTC.com. 2007-12-03. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Advances Green Product Design And Environmental Regulatory Compliance Solution With Acquisition Of Synapsis Technology". PTC.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2009-06-08. 
^ "Parametric Technology acquires Relex Software". TradingMarkets.com. 2009-06-08. Retrieved 2010-08-14. 
^ "PTC Extends InSight Product Analytics Solution With Environmental Impact Analysis Technology". PTC.com. 2010-02-08. Retrieved 2010-02-08. [dead link]
^ "PTC Sets New Standard for Managing Hardware and Software Development Lifecycles with MKS Integrity Acquisition". yahoo.com. 2011-05-31. Retrieved 2011-07-13. 
^ http://www.ptc.com/appserver/wcms/standards/textsub.jsp?&im_dbkey=130664&icg_dbkey=21
^ http://www.ptc.com/about/news-room/press-releases/2013/12/ptc-acquires-leading-internet-of-things-platform-provider-thingworx
^ http://www.corumgroup.com/transactions/ptc-atego
^ a b "STEM Directory: James Heppelmann - PTC". STEM Connector. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Wong, Kenneth. "13-Year-Old FRC CADder Luke Dreams of a Personal Robotic Butler". Desktop Engineering. Retrieved 31 January 2014. 
^ Postcapes 2014/2015 Internet of Things AWARDS Postcapes
^ PTC, ThingWorx, Axeda Win 2014 Internet of Things (IoT) Awards in Six Different Categories M2M WorldNews
^ Cloud based PLM Software for Fashion Business PLM Fashion


External links[edit]

Official website







v
t
e


PTC



Related articles



Creo Elements/Pro
Creo Elements/View
Windchill
Mathcad










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PTC_(software_company)&oldid=791109134"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQNeedham, MassachusettsSoftware companies based in MassachusettsHidden categories: CS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLCS1 errors: datesPages with citations lacking titlesPages with citations having bare URLsWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançaisItaliano日本語Русский中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 05:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
