








CSPERA Home


















Mobirise Site Creator


















































CSPERA
Colorado School and Public Employees Retirement Association









Your Membership Provides You:











- Pension Representation Through SECURE PERA- Pension Education- Retirement Planning Tools









- Personal Fitness Education-Personal Wellness









- Community Connections and Resources- Educational Scholarships/Foundation Programs









-Supplemental Insurance and Product Discounts through Association Member Benefits Advisors (AMBA)-Affiliate of AARP and NRTA












CALENDAR 
August 9, 2017 - August Executive Board MeetingProfessional Learning Conference Center15771 E. 1st Ave. Aurora, CO 80011September 13, 2017 - Board of Directors MeetingDouble Tree by Hilton Hotel 13696 E. Iliff Pl.Aurora, CO 80014September 14, 2017 - Legislative Forum (note: Forum is only on the 14th)Double Tree by Hilton Hotel13696 E. Iliff Pl. Aurora, CO 80014








MESSAGE BOARD
ANNOUNCEMENT  To hear about part-time employment opportunities perfect for semi-retired teachers please call the CSPERA office at 303-326-1808. (We also have volunteer opportunities if you are interested.)Stay in the Loop In order to provide you the best pension protection services possible it is vital for us to be able to keep you informed of “breaking news” legislation and events. Please send us your email address at cspera@aps.k12.co.us or call us at 303-326-1808.Mark the Date  Legislative Forum September 14, 2017 










CONNECT WITH US
  











Address1085 Peoria St. Aurora, CO 80011


ContactsPhone: 303-326-1808Fax: 303-326-1810Email: cspera@aps.k12.co.us


JOIN CSPERA NOW!





























Colorado PERA | Colorado PERA

































Jump to navigation




Quick Links


 



Menu














- Any -CalculatorForm/PublicationNews PostNewsletter Post

 


 





Member/Retiree Login




 














 










Colorado PERA provides retirement and other benefits to more than 560,000 current and former teachers, State Troopers, snowplow drivers, corrections officers, and other public employees who provide valuable services to all of Colorado.


About Colorado PERA 


Account Access



Forgot User ID










 




Members 

As a hybrid defined benefit plan, Colorado PERA provides you with comprehensive benefits and helps you navigate the road to retirement.
 


Read more 







 




Retirees 

As a retiree, you are a valuable and stable contributor to the state’s economy and that means it’s as important as ever for you to stay
up-to-date on what’s happening at Colorado PERA.


Read more 







 




Employers 

Colorado PERA has over 500 affiliated employers including the State of Colorado, all school districts, the judicial system, and many municipalities and local government entities.
 


Read more 









 




Welcome to PERAtour, a statewide conversation about PERA’s future


Visit Website 







 




Refunding your account? Get your money quickly.


View Video 







 




Are you ready to sign up for electronic delivery?


Go Paperless 







 




2016 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report


Read Report 







 




Watch the Working for Colorado video


View Video 





     Quick Links  

Apply for a job 

Apply for a retirement benefit 

Calculate my PERA benefit 

Claim my Defined Benefit account 

Learn about PERA and Social Security 

Learn about PERACare 

Purchase service credit 

Refund/roll over my account 

Request a new PIN 

Work after retirement 




Go Paperless 

    Learn about the benefits of going paperless by watching the video and sign-up today.  

https://www.copera.org/about/go-paperless 





Meetings & Appointments 

    Find or schedule a meeting using our online scheduler.  

https://www.copera.org/secure/appointmentscheduler/ApptScheduler.jsp 






      
  Insights


PERA News





Annual Increase for July 2017 

Jun 30, 2017 

    For most eligible retirees and benefit recipients, the annual increase (AI) to be paid on July 31 will be 2 percent. Other eligible retirees and benefit recipients, specifically those who began PERA membership on and after January 1, 2007, will have an AI of 1 percent.  

More 





Colorado PERA Announces Board Election Results 

Jun 23, 2017 

    Colorado PERA School Division members elected Tina Mueh and re-elected Marcus A. Pennell to the 16-member Board of Trustees.  

More 





    View All  




PERA on the Issues



 What We Heard on the PERAtour 
 Which principles and priorities should guide the development of future changes to help reduce PERA’s risk profile? That question was...  

 FAQ: Colorado PERA and Social Security 
 In late April, new legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate that proposes to change how the Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP)...  



    View All  




The Dime



 We Know It's Only July...but Winter Is Coming 
  
    
    
If that title makes you think of the impending ski season (which is still a good four to six months away), you’ve clearly...  

 Begrudgingly Budgeting: Part 2 
  
    
    
This is the second post in a series where we're following one of our team members here at The Dime as she takes a hard...  



    View All  











      
  © Colorado PERA 2017

 







































Contact Us | Colorado PERA
































Jump to navigation




Quick Links


 



Menu














- Any -CalculatorForm/PublicationNews PostNewsletter Post

 


 





Member/Retiree Login




 








Related Items



Claim Your Account 

Request a PERA PIN 

Go Paperless 








Contact Us 

Phone
1-800-759-7372
Monday–Thursday, 7:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Friday, 7:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. (Mountain time)
For deaf or hard-of-hearing dial 711 to contact Relay Colorado.
Email
Customer Service–for general questions
Secure correspondence system–for account-specific questions
Ask Greg–for sharing your comments with PERA’s Executive Director Greg Smith
Webmaster–for technical issues relating to this site
Affiliation–for public employers who wish to affiliate
Mail
PO Box 5800, Denver, CO 80217-5800
Office Locations
Denver
1301 Pennsylvania Street, Denver, CO 80203
Office Hours: Monday–Friday, 7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. (Mountain time)
Lone Tree
10457 Park Meadows Drive, Suite 102, Lone Tree, CO
Office Hours: Monday–Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (Mountain time)
Westminster
1120 West 122nd Avenue, Suite 200, Westminster, CO (I-25 and 120th Avenue)
Office Hours: Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, 7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Wednesday, 1:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. (Mountain time)
Other Resources
For PERAPlus 401(k)/457 or DC Plan Account Information
Call 1-800-759-7372, select the PERAPlus 401(k)/457 or Defined Contribution Plan option.
Change Your Mailing Address
If a PERA benefit check is mailed to your address, you must submit your address change in writing and include your signature.
Sign up for Electronic Delivery
Change Beneficiaries, Name, or Employment Information
Complete a Member Information Form–Defined Benefit Plans.
If you are a DC Plan participant, complete the PERA DC Plan Participant Information Change Form to change your address or  DC Plan Beneficiary Designation Form to change your beneficiary.
If you are a retiree, contact PERA to change your beneficiary.
Reporting the Death of a Member or Retiree
Call PERA’s Customer Service Center at 1-800-759-7372. You should also call other affected organizations, like Social Security, the retiree’s bank, other financial account managers (like an IRA), a life insurance company, or the Veterans Administration.
Holiday Closures
PERA will be closed on the following holidays in 2017:
New Year's Day - Monday, January 2
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day - Monday, January 16
Presidents' Day - Monday, February 20
Memorial Day - Monday, May 29
Independence Day - Tuesday, July 4
Labor Day - Monday, September 4
Thanksgiving - Thursday and Friday, November 23 & 24
Christmas - Monday, December 25
 










    Forms  



Member Information Form - Defined Benefit Plan(s) 









    Publications  



Information for New PERA Members 





Account Access  





Schedule of Colorado PERA Meetings 



















      
  © Colorado PERA 2017

 



















































PERA Secure Member Pages
PERA's Secure Sign In














Quick Links


Contact Us









PERA's Secured Account Access Pages Member/Retiree Log On

  By logging on to the secured account access pages of PERA's website, you agree
  to the following Security Disclosure.
  Please remember that you must use your PERA password to log on to these pages. For details, view the
  Secured Log On Tutorial or the
  Account Access Changes fact sheet.
  If you do not have a PIN, please call PERA's Customer Service Center at 1-800-759-7372 or complete an online
  PIN Request.

Loading...


Create A Security User Profile

    Colorado PERA has upgraded our account access system. You will need to create a new security user profile, which
    includes creating a User ID and password, and selecting a security image, security phrase, and security questions.
    In the future, use the new User ID/password combination to log on to your account. The security image and phrase are
    easy ways to ensure that you are on Colorado PERA's Web site. The security questions will be used to verify your
    identity if you forget your User ID or password. If you have any questions, call PERA's Customer Service Center at
    1-800-759-7372.
  


Security User Profile Created

    Your security user profile was successfully created. Click "Close" to be redirected to your requested page.
  


Security User Profile Created

    Your security user profile was successfully created. You need to create a New PIN. Currently you do not have a PIN associated with your account.
    Click "Close" to be redirected to the Create PIN section.
  


Password Changed

    Your password has been changed. Click "Close" to be redirected to your requested page.
  


Account Locked

    Your account is currently locked due to 5 incorrect log on attempts.
    For assistance call Colorado PERA's Customer Service Center at 1-800-759-7372.
  


SSN Not Associated With a User ID

    The SSN entered is not associated with a User ID. To create a User ID, you will need to create a new user security
    profile. After you close this window, you will be directed to the screens to create a user profile. You will need
    your four-digit PIN to get started. For details, view the
    Secured Log On Tutorial or the
    Account Access Changes fact sheet.
  


Multifactor Authentication

    Due to a technical issue, the multifactor authentication service is temporary unavailable. All the other
    functionality of PERA's secure pages is up and running. We apologize for any inconvenience.
  


Log On To Your Account

User ID


Forgot User ID?
If you have not created a User ID, please enter your SSN.




 


Enter your PIN

PIN
























 


Enter Your Password
Please confirm this is your security image and phrase. If not, do not enter your password.
    Restart your sign in.

Security Image



Security Phrase





Password




Forgot Password





 


Create Security Profile

Social Security Number



User ID




Password




Confirm Password



E-mail Address

✓ Confirmed
✗ Unable to confirm


Security Image




Security Phrase







 
 
 
 
 


Confirm E-mail Address
The e-mail address   could not be verified. Are you sure it's correct?






Security Questions


















 
 
 
 
 
 



Security Images

























Forgot User ID

Social Security Number






 


Demographic Question






Locked: Slide lock to the end to enable Continue button.




 


Change Your Password


New Password



Confirm Password






 


Enter Your Multifactor Authentication Security Code

Phone Number 
&nbsp


Security Code




Did not receive code?
        (Send new code)






 



Multifactor Authentication

Security Code Delivery Method 

Text

Voice














        1301 Pennsylvania Street
        Denver, CO 80203
1-800-759-7372



Quick Links

Contact Us
Meetings & Appointments
Calculators
PIN Information



Follow Us














© Colorado PERA 2015
Privacy and Security Notice
Security Disclosure
Copyright and Trademark Notice



















Forms & Publications | Colorado PERA
































Jump to navigation




Quick Links


 



Menu














- Any -CalculatorForm/PublicationNews PostNewsletter Post

 


 





Member/Retiree Login




 







 




Forms & Publications 

All publications and forms are available to download or print in PDF format. You may also order copies of all the publications and forms completely free of charge.







 Members 
 View and/or print forms and publications for active members. Forms and publications are available in the following categories:
Most Requested
Members Currently Working
Members Preparing to Retire
Members Participating in PERAChoice
Members Leaving PERA-Covered Employment
Miembros Que Hablan Español
 
 View Forms & Publications  

 Retirees 
 View and/or print forms and publications for retirees and benefit recipients. Forms and publications are available in the following categories:
Most Requested
In Retirement
PERACare Health Benefits Program
Retirees Working After Retirement
Survivor Benefits
 
 View Forms & Publications  

 Employers 
 View and/or print forms and publications or order copies for employees. Forms and publications are available in the following categories:
Most Requested
Employer-Completed Forms
Employees Currently Working
Employees Leaving PERA-Covered Employment
Employees Preparing to Retire
Employees Working After Retirement
Empleados Que Hablan Español
 
 View Forms & Publications  

 General 
 View and/or print general PERA forms and publications. Forms and publications are available in the following categories:
Most Requested
General Forms and Publications
PERAPlus and DC Plan Information
Special Studies
Fact Sheets
 
 View Forms & Publications  












      
  © Colorado PERA 2017

 












































Members | Colorado PERA

































Jump to navigation




Quick Links


 



Menu














- Any -CalculatorForm/PublicationNews PostNewsletter Post

 


 





Member/Retiree Login




 














 











Members 

    As a hybrid defined benefit plan, Colorado PERA provides you with comprehensive benefits and helps you navigate the road to retirement.  


Member Account Access



Forgot User ID






Welcome PERA Members
As a PERA member, you contribute a percentage of every paycheck to PERA. In exchange, you’ll receive a lifetime defined benefit payment, sometimes called a pension, at retirement.* Beyond that monthly benefit check, PERA also provides built-in benefits like survivor and disability benefit programs.* And you have options for additional financial security, by enrolling in our life insurance and PERAPlus 401(k) and 457 Plans or purchasing service credit.
On this page, you will find the tools and information you need to map your retirement–whether it’s years away or just around the corner.
* For members of PERA's Defined Benefit Plan. If you were eligible for PERAChoice and elected to participate in the PERA DC Plan, see Your PERA Benefits - PERAChoice Provisions or the PERA Defined Contribution (DC) Plan page for information on your benefits.



Access my PERAPlus 401(k) or 457 account 

Apply for retirement 

Change my address 

Find a PERA meeting 

Learn about PERACare 

Log on to my PERA account 

Refund my PERA account 

View my contributions 




Meetings & Appointments 

    Find or schedule a meeting using our online scheduler.  

https://www.copera.org/secure/appointmentscheduler/ApptScheduler.jsp 





Join the PERA Tour 

    Take part in our statewide conversation.  

http://www.peratour.org 




    Leaving PERA-Covered Employment  



Termination Options 





Refund/Rollover Request 




    Purchasing Service Credit  



Purchasing Service Credit - Effect on Benefit 





Purchasing Service Credit - Employment Not Covered by PERA 





Purchasing Service Credit - Refunded/Rolled Over PERA DB Plan Account 





Purchasing Service Credit 




    Preparing for Retirement  



PERA Retirement Planner 





PERA Monthly Retirement Benefit 





Retirement Process 





Checklist to Prepare for a Colorado PERA Retirement 





Preparing For Your Colorado PERA Retirement 




View all Resources 






    Colorado PERA and Social Security  





    Programs  





 



PERAPlus 401(k)/457 and PERA DC Plan Information 

The PERAPlus 401(k) and 457 Plans are voluntary retirement savings programs offered by PERA. The PERA DC Plan is available for certain employees who are eligible for PERAChoice.


Learn more 







 



PERACare - Active Members 

Active members are eligible to enroll in PERACare if their employer has joined the program and they meet the employer's eligibility requirements.


Learn more 







 



Life Insurance 

PERA offers an optional decreasing term life insurance program administered by Unum.


Learn more 






      
  Member Insights


PERA News





Annual Increase for July 2017 

Jun 30, 2017 

    For most eligible retirees and benefit recipients, the annual increase (AI) to be paid on July 31 will be 2 percent. Other eligible retirees and benefit recipients, specifically those who began PERA membership on and after January 1, 2007, will have an AI of 1 percent.  

More 





Colorado PERA Announces Board Election Results 

Jun 23, 2017 

    Colorado PERA School Division members elected Tina Mueh and re-elected Marcus A. Pennell to the 16-member Board of Trustees.  

More 





    View All  




Member Report





PERAtour and You 

Jul 18, 2017 

    In May, we launched PERAtour, a statewide conversation to inform our stakeholders about the changing conditions impacting PERA’s...  

More 





You Could Read This on Your Phone 

Jul 18, 2017 

    A copy of this newsletter and other Colorado PERA-related information could arrive in your inbox instead of your mailbox. Signing up is easy and immediate.  

More 





    View All  




Inactive Member News





Paperless—Easy as 1, 2, 3 

Nov 30, 2016 

    Go to www.copera.org/paperless . Enter your Social Security number and email address. Click submit.  

More 





Additional Online Security Available 

Nov 30, 2016 

    You can now opt in to a new program that adds an extra layer of security when you access your Colorado PERA account. Multifactor...  

More 





    View All  











      
  © Colorado PERA 2017

 




































Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado Buys Treehouse Foods Inc, American Tower ... - Nasdaq.com


















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado Buys Treehouse Foods Inc, American Tower ...


July 26, 2017, 03:38:03 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Public Employees Retirement Association Of ColoradoNew Purchases: BCC , MXL , PRLB , BHI, MLCO, VECO, NRZ, PFPT, W, REI,Added Positions:THS, AMT, QVCA, PSX, CSL, HAL, TECH, SUM, EFII, NBIX,Reduced Positions:AIG, MDLZ, DE, IDXX, MTD, AAPL, APA, OXY, HES, ACOR,Sold Out:HW, AIRM, CFNL, GIII, BHGE, ACET, MJN, WWAV, VAL, BEAV,For the details of PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION OF COLORADO's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=PUBLIC+EMPLOYEES+RETIREMENT+ASSOCIATION+OF+COLORADOThese are the top 5 holdings of PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION OF COLORADOApple Inc ( AAPL ) - 3,427,424 shares, 3.63% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.28%Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 5,143,968 shares, 2.61% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.17%Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL ) - 345,023 shares, 2.36% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.08%Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN ) - 294,078 shares, 2.1% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.50%JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM ) - 2,213,622 shares, 1.49% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.31%New Purchase: Boise Cascade Co (BCC)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Boise Cascade Co. The purchase prices were between $26.65 and $31.3, with an estimated average price of $29.11. The stock is now traded at around $30.10. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 500,000 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: MaxLinear Inc (MXL)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in MaxLinear Inc. The purchase prices were between $26.62 and $32.19, with an estimated average price of $29.13. The stock is now traded at around $26.73. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 400,000 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Proto Labs Inc (PRLB)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Proto Labs Inc. The purchase prices were between $49.1 and $68.9, with an estimated average price of $60.18. The stock is now traded at around $71.20. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 140,000 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Baker Hughes Inc (BHI)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Baker Hughes Inc. The purchase prices were between $53.37 and $61.71, with an estimated average price of $57.6. The stock is now traded at around $57.68. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 77,564 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Melco Resorts and Entertainment Ltd (MLCO)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Melco Resorts and Entertainment Ltd. The purchase prices were between $18.54 and $23.79, with an estimated average price of $21.72. The stock is now traded at around $21.14. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.01%. The holdings were 57,700 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Callon Petroleum Co (CPE)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Callon Petroleum Co. The purchase prices were between $9.69 and $13.61, with an estimated average price of $11.76. The stock is now traded at around $11.53. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was less than 0.01%. The holdings were 33,541 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Treehouse Foods Inc (THS)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in Treehouse Foods Inc by 5074.54%. The purchase prices were between $75.85 and $89.94, with an estimated average price of $81.85. The stock is now traded at around $85.08. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.34%. The holdings were 574,840 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: American Tower Corp (AMT)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in American Tower Corp by 366.09%. The purchase prices were between $120.64 and $135.75, with an estimated average price of $127.93. The stock is now traded at around $137.56. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.3%. The holdings were 393,158 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: QVC Group (QVCA)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in QVC Group by 2044.60%. The purchase prices were between $19.97 and $24.64, with an estimated average price of $22.73. The stock is now traded at around $24.43. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.28%. The holdings were 1,606,411 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Phillips 66 (PSX)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in Phillips 66 by 75.93%. The purchase prices were between $75.33 and $81.87, with an estimated average price of $78.45. The stock is now traded at around $84.03. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.22%. The holdings were 820,620 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Carlisle Companies Inc (CSL)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in Carlisle Companies Inc by 41.29%. The purchase prices were between $93.5 and $109.58, with an estimated average price of $101.26. The stock is now traded at around $96.96. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 681,712 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Halliburton Co (HAL)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in Halliburton Co by 29.27%. The purchase prices were between $41.5 and $50.15, with an estimated average price of $46. The stock is now traded at around $43.31. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 1,935,428 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: Headwaters Inc (HW)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Headwaters Inc. The sale prices were between $23.44 and $24.24, with an estimated average price of $23.71.Sold Out: Air Methods Corp (AIRM)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Air Methods Corp. The sale prices were between $42.9 and $43.05, with an estimated average price of $42.98.Sold Out: Cardinal Financial Corp (CFNL)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Cardinal Financial Corp. The sale prices were between $27.39 and $29.94, with an estimated average price of $28.75.Sold Out: Baker Hughes, a GE Co (BHGE)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Baker Hughes, a GE Co. The sale prices were between $53.37 and $61.71, with an estimated average price of $57.6.Sold Out: G-III Apparel Group Ltd (GIII)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in G-III Apparel Group Ltd. The sale prices were between $18.93 and $26.16, with an estimated average price of $23.19.Sold Out: Aceto Corp (ACET)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Aceto Corp. The sale prices were between $13.75 and $16.06, with an estimated average price of $14.92.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with THS. Click here to check it out.THS 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of THSPeter Lynch Chart of THSPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        AAPL
                                    
, 

                                        MSFT
                                    
, 

                                        GOOGL
                                    
, 

                                        AMZN
                                    
, 

                                        JPM
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







The Future Looks Brighter for National Instruments


						7/27/2017 10:27 PM
					



National Oilwell Varco, Inc.'s Results Continue Their Slight Improvement


						7/27/2017 10:26 PM
					



Intel Corp. Beat Its Own Estimates This Time


						7/27/2017 10:17 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





AAPL








86%



Rate It





MSFT








84%



Rate It





GOOGL








88%



Rate It





AMZN








84%



Rate It





JPM








69%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado Upped Holding in Nxp Semiconduct (NXPI)































Accueil » 
Entreprise




Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado Upped Holding in Nxp Semiconduct (NXPI)




				 26 Juillet, 2017,  02:42 | Author: Marc Bacque			












NF Trinity Capital Hong Kong Ltd now owns 150,000 shares of the semiconductor provider's stock worth $170,000 after buying an additional 86,296 shares in the last quarter. The stock declined 1.74% or $1.07 reaching $60.46 on the news.
NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXPI) reported earning per shares for the quarter ending Aug 02 AMC, whereas, 16 number of analysts estimated the mean EPS at 1.71. It has outperformed by 7.97% the S&P500.Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado, which manages about $12.52 billion US Long portfolio, decreased its stake in Johnson &Johnsn (NYSE:JNJ) by 30,998 shares to 527,838 shares, valued at $60.81 million in 2016Q4, according to the filing. They now have a $110.00 price objective on the semiconductor provider's stock. The Ivory Investment Management Lp holds 750,220 shares with $73.53M value, up from 321,168 last quarter. Nxp Semiconductors now has $37.85 billion valuation. These ratios are important while doing valuation of the company or the shares of the company. About 1.92 million shares traded. NXP Semiconductors NV (NASDAQ:NXPI) has risen 24.67% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 56.81% the S&P500.TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: "Whitebox Advisors LLC Holds Position in NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI)" was originally published by Transcript Daily and is the property of of Transcript Daily. Td Asset holds 1.19M shares or 0.12% of its portfolio. NXPI's profit will be $455.40M for 20.78 P/E if the $1.32 EPS becomes a reality. After $1.62 actual earnings per share reported by NXP Semiconductors NV for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -18.52% negative EPS growth. Finally, Private Trust Co. Zacks Investment Research lowered NXP Semiconductors N.V. from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating in a report on Wednesday, July 5th. Therefore 38% are positive. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt's holdings in NXP Semiconductors N.V. were worth $5,177,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. The rating was maintained by Barclays Capital with "Overweight" on Friday, July 15. The firm has "Perform" rating by Oppenheimer given on Friday, October 28. The company was downgraded on Thursday, October 27 by Jefferies. Canaccord Genuity maintained NXP Semiconductors NV (NASDAQ:NXPI) on Monday, July 10 with "Hold" rating. Goldman Sachs upgraded it to "Buy" rating and $48 target in Tuesday, December 8 report. As per Monday, June 27, the company rating was downgraded by Bank of America. The stock of NXP Semiconductors NV (NASDAQ:NXPI) earned "Neutral" rating by Robert W. Baird on Friday, October 28. On Thursday, March 31 the stock rating was downgraded by Desjardins Securities to "Sell". Topeka Capital Markets maintained NXP Semiconductors NV (NASDAQ:NXPI) rating on Friday, February 5. BMO Capital Markets restated a "hold" rating and issued a $110.00 price target on shares of NXP Semiconductors N.V.in a research note on Friday. As per Wednesday, September 9, the company rating was initiated by Sterne Agee CRT. (NYSE:STI). Exxonmobil Invest Management Inc Tx accumulated 0.14% or 113,603 shares. It also reduced Intl Fcstone Inc Com (NASDAQ:INTL) stake by 18,729 shares and now owns 102,032 shares. 90,000 shares were sold by BIRD STEPHEN, worth $5.41 million. WATSON JOHN S also sold $13.79 million worth of Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) shares.
Notorious Pedophile Priest Shanley to Leave Prison This Week
					Shanley is still in prison and his release date can not be disclosed following state regulations. He is now being held at the medium security Old Colony Correctional Center in Bridgewater.
					

Erdogan announced negotiations on S-400 with Russian Federation  nearly  complete
					Turkey had worked for years to buy similar systems from the USA but was unable to conclude a deal allowing joint production, he said .
					
Trump rolls eyes at female reporter's questions, admonishes her to be "quiet"
					As the AP pointed out , it is typical for reporters to call out questions during photo ops or bill signings. The president rolled his eyes and smirked.
					Investors sentiment increased to 1.16 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.14, from 1.02 in 2016Q3. It dived, as 55 investors sold CVX shares while 689 reduced holdings. 102 funds opened positions while 164 raised stakes.Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NXPI? (NYSE:T). Moon Management Ltd reported 21,926 shares. Moreover, Comerica Comml Bank has 0.07% invested in SunTrust Banks, Inc. (NYSE:T). Creative Planning holds 1.02M shares or 0.26% of its portfolio. (NYSE:T) for 6,734 shares. Suffolk Capital Mngmt Ltd holds 161,934 shares or 1.32% of its portfolio. South State invested in 0.07% or 9,324 shares. Thrivent Fin For Lutherans invested 0.08% in AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T). Swedbank holds 0.99% or 2.94M shares in its portfolio.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.

 

Conseillé:









26 Juillet 2017




Harley-Davidson, Inc. (NYSE:HOG) Sees Significantly Lower Trading Volume
				Finally, AQR Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Harley-Davidson by 293.9% in the fourth quarter. The company reported $1.48 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.10.			








26 Juillet 2017




Vincent removed from party posts
				There are quite a few cases of similar nature where CPM members are implicated, and in such cases the police did not do anything. Vincent had moved for anticipatory bail from a court here, but with his arrest taking place he will now seek bail on Monday.			








26 Juillet 2017




Kendall Jenner accused of glorifying smoking
				They will age out of that.Kim an Kourtney.and then look plain stupid trying to compete and act like women half their age. He added that the controversy isn't the end of the world: "Not that it's sacred or anything, but show some respect".			










26 Juillet 2017




Tensions High In Jerusalem Over Recent Escalation In Violence
				Also, three Palestinians were killed and tens were injured on Friday during the clashes with the Israeli security forces. Also, four Palestinians were killed in ongoing demonstrations against Israeli security forces Friday and Saturday.			








26 Juillet 2017




Viral Tinder Couple Meets for First Time After Three Years of Messaging
				He posted screenshots of their conversations and said, "One day I'm going to meet this girl and it's going to be epic". On the program, Avsec said his sister met her fiancé on Tinder.			






Israel removes metal detectors at sensitive Jerusalem holy site
				Jordan initially said the guard could not leave without an investigation, while Israel said he had diplomatic immunity. Friday's main weekly Muslim prayers - which typically draw thousands to Al-Aqsa - had brought the situation to a boil.			










26 Juillet 2017




Rick Famuyiwa in Talks to Direct Martial Arts Movie 'Son of Shaolin'
				Longino wrote the first draft of the script and will serve as an executive producer. Famuyiwa is working on a Showtime pilot written by Lena Waithe.			








26 Juillet 2017




Two hospitalised after suspected acid attack in east London
				Videos emerged on social media of a topless male having water poured on him as panic-stricken locals attempted to help. Their injuries are not life threatening, the Metropolitan Police said. 'No arrests have been made.			








26 Juillet 2017




Israel will suffer most for Al-Aqsa dispute: Erdogan
				The security move touched off the bloodiest clashes between Israelis and Palestinians for years. Five Palestinians were killed in clashes between rioters and police on Friday and Saturday.			










26 Juillet 2017




Father allegedly left daughter in Arizona desert without shoes or water
				Mohave County Sheriff's deputies arrested 31-year-old Jonathan Harley-Bartella Irving for child abuse per domestic violence. The 12-year-old told deputies that Irving grabbed her by her neck, picked her off the floor and threw her into a wall.			








26 Juillet 2017




Mariners In Mix For Athletics' Sonny Gray As Deadline Nears
				It looks as though the team is looking to add young outfielder prospects and the Yankees have a big one in Estevan Florial . On top of that, Michael Pineda's injury woes have left NY relying on Luis Cessa and Caleb Smith for spot starts.			






Jerusalem holy site crisis must be resolved by Friday:UN envoy
				The Temple Mount/Haram al-Sharif in Jerusalem's Old City is sacred to both Jews and Muslims. The king called on Mr Netanyahu to remove the metal detectors.			





















Populaire





Man dead after shootout with police on Missouri interstate

		Police say officers killed a man who reportedly ran a vehicle off the road around 9 a.m. The suspect then took the vehicle and police used stop sticks to stop the auto .  
		

Darren Carrington, former Oregon Ducks receiver, transfers to Utah

		Michelle Bodkin of UteZone.com reports that former OR redshirt senior WR Darren Carrington will transfer to Utah as a graduate. The 6-foot-2, 186-pound receiver from San Diego caught 43 passes for 606 yards and five touchdowns last season.  
		

Veretout has Fiorentina medical

		The Frenchman has been itching to get out of Villa Park for some time and he spent last season on loan at Saint-Etienne.  Jordan Veretout wasn't a standout performer for Villa , yet he managed to avoid being total garbage for Villa.  
		

Unemployment rates climb in Lima region

		Throughout Porter County, 2,978 people were looking for work in June, up 9.7 percent over May (down 35 percent since June 2016).  The number of unemployed and the unemployment rate both edged higher in June, the state Labor Department reported Tuesday.  
		

John Farrell: 'No' apology for Dennis Eckersley

		As Shaughnessy notes, Eckersley is more outspoken than some others who cover the Red Sox . "It was dealt with at that level". From the outside, it would seem like management has little interest in punishing Price for his verbal attacks.  
		

Ravens RB Kenneth Dixon to miss season after knee surgery

		Dixon had been suspended for the first four games of the 2017 season for violating the NFL's performance-enhancing drug policy. Rainey, 29, signed with the Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2012 and spent the 2016 season with the New York Giants.  
		

Maldives Parliament lockdown: Military acted on request, says parliament secretariat

		The political turbulence has seen the global community, including the United States, urging the Maldives to safeguard democracy. In 2015, he was sentenced to 13 years in prison on terrorism charges that were widely seen as politically motivated.  
		

Halamish terrorist's mother arrested on suspicion of inciting violence against Jews

		In place of the detectors, advanced technological equipment will be put in place in order to increase the security at the site. Disputes over the shrine, revered by Muslims and Jews, have set off major rounds of Israeli-Palestinian confrontations before.  
		

Blue Apron Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:APRN) Coverage Initiated at Citigroup Inc

		Its shares opened at $10 on the New York Stock Exchange and they have yet to finish a day trading above the same mark. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $7.72 and a 200 day moving average price of $7.72.  
		

Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD) Sees Significantly Lower Trading Volume

		Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 46,294 shares in the company, valued at $7,197,328.18. After $1.67 actual EPS reported by Home Depot Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 32.34% EPS growth.  
		







 


Dernier






Donate blood and receive $5 Target eGiftCard




$3.09 EPS Expected for Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) This Quarter




Devils sign D Mueller to two-year deal




Damon Gupton, James Remar cast in Black Lightning




Ken Rosenthal Analyzes Dodgers Pressure to Trade for Darvish




Israel removes metal detectors from holy site entrance




Unusual rail design contributed to deadly 2015 Metro-North crash




Hurricane Hilary forms in Pacific off Mexico, far from land




Tortoise missing from Queens environmental center found, NYPD says




EGGER Building First US Manufacturing Facility In North Carolina







Tendances






Feds OK fix for polluting Volkswagen diesels




Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) EPS Estimated At $0.88




Hot Stock to Watch: JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)




Brokers Recommendations on: Gilead Sciences Inc. (GILD)




Globalstar (GSAT) Reviewed By Analysts








 







 

Colorado Public Employees' Retirement Association: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















































colorado public employees' retirement association
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Colorado Public Employees' Retirement Association (PERA) operates as a financial services firm. The Company provides retirement and other benefits services. PERA serves employees of government agencies and public entities in the State of Colorado.




Corporate Information
Address:

1301 Pennsylvania Street
Denver, CO 80203
United States


Phone:
1-800-759-7372


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.copera.org





Board Members




Chairman
Company










Vice Chairman
Company










Trustee
Company






Walker Stapleton
State of Colorado


Roger Johnson
Sunshine Silver Mines Corp


Carolyn Jonas-Morrison
Colorado Public Employees' Retirement Association








Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Colorado PERA-Sponsored Rising Star Awards Bestows Leadership Recognition Upon 27 Community College Student Leaders from Across

Apr 17, 2017






Key Executives


Gregory W Smith "Greg"


CEO/Executive Director




Larrence Mundy


Chief Financial Officer




Amy C McGarrity


Chief Investment Officer




Ron Baker


Chief Administrative Officer




Donna Baros


Chief Benefits Officer




Tara May


Chief Communications Officer




Rich Krough


Director:Application




Matt Carroll


Director:Benefit Services




Lisa Bishop


Director:Customer Service




Madalyn Knudsen


Director:Creative Services




Jim Liptak


Director:Equities




Mark Walter


Director:Fixed Income




Jack Dillman


Director:Facilities




Kirsten Strausbaugh


Director:Field Education




Angela Setter


Director:Human Resources




Luz Rodriguez


Director:Governance




Tom Liddy


Director:Investment Operations




Jessica Linart


Director:Insurance




Kevin Carpenter


Director:Information




Aubre Schneider


Director:Operations Support




Gary Ratliff


Director:Opportunity




Timothy B Moore "Tim"


Director:Private Equity




Karl Paulson


Director:Planning & Policy




C H Meili


Director:Real Estate




Adam Franklin


General Counsel



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data











































Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

Carl Domino Inc Decreases Stake in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI)					

Carl Domino Inc Sells 3,000 Shares of Masco Corporation (MAS)					

Carbonite, Inc. (NASDAQ:CARB) Stake Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Eagle Materials Inc (NYSE:EXP) Position Maintained by Carl Domino Inc					

Berkshire Asset Management LLC PA Boosts Position in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL)					

Medidata Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDSO) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts					

Boenning Scattergood Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (SASR)					

Quaint Oak Bancorp Inc (QNTO) Announces  Earnings Results					

Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (NYSE:WAB) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.14 EPS					

AMEC Foster Wheeler plc American Depositary Shares (NASDAQ:AMFW) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.23					

Chemical Financial Corporation (CHFC) Announces  Earnings Results					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Verifone Systems (NYSE:PAY) Stock Price					

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (MDRX) Share Price					

Globalstar (GSAT) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.19					

Axiom Securities Reiterates “Sell” Rating for United States Steel Corporation (X)					

TRI Pointe Group (NYSE:TPH) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows					

VALE S.A. (NYSE:VALE) Downgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Lowers Unisys Corporation (UIS) to Hold					

Western Alliance Bancorporation’s (WAL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC					





 





						Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

						 July 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Carl Domino Inc boosted its position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 1.0% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 33,596 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 340 shares during the period. Carl Domino Inc’s holdings in CA were worth $1,158,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CA. FMR LLC increased its position in  CA by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 119,299 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $3,790,000 after buying an additional 621 shares in the last quarter.  Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $502,000.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in  CA by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 2,090,277 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $66,407,000 after buying an additional 123,497 shares in the last quarter.  Kentucky Retirement Systems purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $722,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new position in  CA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $322,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.74% of the company’s stock. 
CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) traded down 1.08% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $34.65. The stock had a trading volume of 579,386 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.73 and a beta of 0.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.64 and a 200-day moving average price of $32.49. CA Inc. has a 1-year low of $30.01 and a 1-year high of $36.54. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm’s revenue was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.60 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Carl Domino Inc Raises Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)” was first  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/carl-domino-inc-raises-stake-in-ca-inc-nasdaqca.html. 
Several equities analysts have commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. DA Davidson downgraded CA from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies increased their price target on CA from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, April 17th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, FIG Partners upgraded CA to an “outperform” rating and increased their price target for the company from $40.00 to $42.25 in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



































































Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado Buys Treehouse Foods Inc, American Tower ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado Buys Treehouse Foods Inc, American Tower ...


July 26, 2017, 03:38:03 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Public Employees Retirement Association Of ColoradoNew Purchases: BCC , MXL , PRLB , BHI, MLCO, VECO, NRZ, PFPT, W, REI,Added Positions:THS, AMT, QVCA, PSX, CSL, HAL, TECH, SUM, EFII, NBIX,Reduced Positions:AIG, MDLZ, DE, IDXX, MTD, AAPL, APA, OXY, HES, ACOR,Sold Out:HW, AIRM, CFNL, GIII, BHGE, ACET, MJN, WWAV, VAL, BEAV,For the details of PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION OF COLORADO's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=PUBLIC+EMPLOYEES+RETIREMENT+ASSOCIATION+OF+COLORADOThese are the top 5 holdings of PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION OF COLORADOApple Inc ( AAPL ) - 3,427,424 shares, 3.63% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.28%Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 5,143,968 shares, 2.61% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.17%Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL ) - 345,023 shares, 2.36% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.08%Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN ) - 294,078 shares, 2.1% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.50%JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM ) - 2,213,622 shares, 1.49% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.31%New Purchase: Boise Cascade Co (BCC)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Boise Cascade Co. The purchase prices were between $26.65 and $31.3, with an estimated average price of $29.11. The stock is now traded at around $30.10. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 500,000 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: MaxLinear Inc (MXL)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in MaxLinear Inc. The purchase prices were between $26.62 and $32.19, with an estimated average price of $29.13. The stock is now traded at around $26.73. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 400,000 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Proto Labs Inc (PRLB)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Proto Labs Inc. The purchase prices were between $49.1 and $68.9, with an estimated average price of $60.18. The stock is now traded at around $71.20. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 140,000 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Baker Hughes Inc (BHI)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Baker Hughes Inc. The purchase prices were between $53.37 and $61.71, with an estimated average price of $57.6. The stock is now traded at around $57.68. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 77,564 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Melco Resorts and Entertainment Ltd (MLCO)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Melco Resorts and Entertainment Ltd. The purchase prices were between $18.54 and $23.79, with an estimated average price of $21.72. The stock is now traded at around $21.14. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.01%. The holdings were 57,700 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Callon Petroleum Co (CPE)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado initiated holdings in Callon Petroleum Co. The purchase prices were between $9.69 and $13.61, with an estimated average price of $11.76. The stock is now traded at around $11.53. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was less than 0.01%. The holdings were 33,541 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Treehouse Foods Inc (THS)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in Treehouse Foods Inc by 5074.54%. The purchase prices were between $75.85 and $89.94, with an estimated average price of $81.85. The stock is now traded at around $85.08. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.34%. The holdings were 574,840 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: American Tower Corp (AMT)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in American Tower Corp by 366.09%. The purchase prices were between $120.64 and $135.75, with an estimated average price of $127.93. The stock is now traded at around $137.56. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.3%. The holdings were 393,158 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: QVC Group (QVCA)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in QVC Group by 2044.60%. The purchase prices were between $19.97 and $24.64, with an estimated average price of $22.73. The stock is now traded at around $24.43. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.28%. The holdings were 1,606,411 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Phillips 66 (PSX)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in Phillips 66 by 75.93%. The purchase prices were between $75.33 and $81.87, with an estimated average price of $78.45. The stock is now traded at around $84.03. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.22%. The holdings were 820,620 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Carlisle Companies Inc (CSL)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in Carlisle Companies Inc by 41.29%. The purchase prices were between $93.5 and $109.58, with an estimated average price of $101.26. The stock is now traded at around $96.96. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 681,712 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Halliburton Co (HAL)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado added to the holdings in Halliburton Co by 29.27%. The purchase prices were between $41.5 and $50.15, with an estimated average price of $46. The stock is now traded at around $43.31. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 1,935,428 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: Headwaters Inc (HW)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Headwaters Inc. The sale prices were between $23.44 and $24.24, with an estimated average price of $23.71.Sold Out: Air Methods Corp (AIRM)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Air Methods Corp. The sale prices were between $42.9 and $43.05, with an estimated average price of $42.98.Sold Out: Cardinal Financial Corp (CFNL)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Cardinal Financial Corp. The sale prices were between $27.39 and $29.94, with an estimated average price of $28.75.Sold Out: Baker Hughes, a GE Co (BHGE)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Baker Hughes, a GE Co. The sale prices were between $53.37 and $61.71, with an estimated average price of $57.6.Sold Out: G-III Apparel Group Ltd (GIII)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in G-III Apparel Group Ltd. The sale prices were between $18.93 and $26.16, with an estimated average price of $23.19.Sold Out: Aceto Corp (ACET)Public Employees Retirement Association Of Colorado sold out the holdings in Aceto Corp. The sale prices were between $13.75 and $16.06, with an estimated average price of $14.92.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with THS. Click here to check it out.THS 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of THSPeter Lynch Chart of THSPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        AAPL
                                    
, 

                                        MSFT
                                    
, 

                                        GOOGL
                                    
, 

                                        AMZN
                                    
, 

                                        JPM
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







The Future Looks Brighter for National Instruments


						7/27/2017 10:27 PM
					



National Oilwell Varco, Inc.'s Results Continue Their Slight Improvement


						7/27/2017 10:26 PM
					



Intel Corp. Beat Its Own Estimates This Time


						7/27/2017 10:17 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. Expands e-Commerce Delivery







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





AAPL








86%



Rate It





MSFT








84%



Rate It





GOOGL








88%



Rate It





AMZN








84%



Rate It





JPM








69%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































﻿






























Skylands Capital LLC Purchases 61,914 Shares of NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for NN Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NN Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Westrock Company (WRK) Shares Sold by Skylands Capital LLC
Value Line, Inc. to Issue Dividend of $0.18 (NASDAQ:VALU)
Skylands Capital LLC Has $3.55 Million Stake in Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP)
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (HASI) Position Boosted by Dubuque Bank & Trust Co.
Skylands Capital LLC Purchases 61,914 Shares of NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR)
Owens Corning Inc (NYSE:OC) Shares Sold by Skylands Capital LLC
Securities Trust of Scotland plc (LON:STS) to Issue GBX 1.45 Dividend
PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (TSE:PSK) to Issue $0.06 Monthly Dividend
Head-To-Head Comparison: Sun Hydraulics Corporation (SNHY) vs. Watts Water Technologies (NYSE:WTS)
Arconic (NASDAQ:ARNC) vs. Alcoa Corp. (AA) Financial Contrast
Financial Survey: STR Holdings (NASDAQ:STRI) and Chipmos Technologies (IMOS)
Analyzing TripAdvisor (TRIP) and Travelzoo (NASDAQ:TZOO)
Critical Analysis: Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co (NASDAQ:BHVN) & ANI Pharmaceuticals (ANIP)
Houston Wire & Cable (NASDAQ:HWCC) and Revolution Lighting Technologies (RVLT) Financial Survey
Engility Holdings (NYSE:EGL) & DLH Holdings Corp. (DLHC) Head to Head Review
Critical Analysis: Potlatch Corporation (NASDAQ:PCH) vs. Weyerhaeuser (WY)
Contrasting Cemtrex (NASDAQ:CETX) and Waste Management (WM)
Head-To-Head Comparison: Babcock (NYSE:BW) versus PowerSecure International (POWR)
Hamilton Lane’s (NASDAQ:HLNE) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Morgan Stanley
Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (RBA) Given New $27.00 Price Target at TD Securities







Skylands Capital LLC Purchases 61,914 Shares of NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




Skylands Capital LLC boosted its position in  NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR) by 15.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 469,350 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 61,914 shares during the period. NN accounts for approximately  1.8% of Skylands Capital LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 11th largest position. Skylands Capital LLC’s holdings in NN were worth $12,884,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Nuveen Asset Management LLC raised its stake in  NN by 31.2% in the first quarter. Nuveen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,176,352 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $29,644,000 after buying an additional 279,795 shares during the last quarter.  Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in  NN by 10.3% in the first quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 5,667 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $143,000 after buying an additional 530 shares during the last quarter.  US Bancorp DE raised its stake in  NN by 4.5% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 10,522 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $265,000 after buying an additional 457 shares during the last quarter.  Teachers Advisors LLC raised its stake in  NN by 13.5% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 47,211 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $899,000 after buying an additional 5,604 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Poplar Forest Capital LLC bought a new stake in  NN during the first quarter worth approximately $880,000. Institutional investors own  95.85% of the company’s stock. 


 Get NN Inc. alerts:



Shares of NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR) traded down 3.03% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $28.80. The stock had a trading volume of 87,138 shares. The stock has a market cap of $790.99 million, a PE ratio of 47.21 and a beta of 0.63. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $28.49 and its 200-day moving average is $24.73. NN, Inc. has a 12 month low of $13.43 and a 12 month high of $31.65. 





NN (NASDAQ:NNBR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The industrial products company reported $0.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.42 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $226.31 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $215.86 million. NN had a return on equity of 14.04% and a net margin of 2.00%.  Equities analysts anticipate that  NN, Inc. will post $1.61 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/skylands-capital-llc-purchases-61914-shares-of-nn-inc-nasdaqnnbr.html. 
NNBR has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. SunTrust Banks, Inc. initiated coverage on NN in a research report on Thursday, June 15th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $37.00 price target for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. ValuEngine raised NN from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. TheStreet raised NN from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Monday, June 5th. Zacks Investment Research lowered NN from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Finally, William Blair  reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of NN in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, one  has assigned  a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $30.67.
NN Company Profile
NN, Inc is a diversified industrial company and a manufacturer of high precision bearing components, industrial plastic products and precision metal components to a range of markets on a global basis. The Company operates through three segments: the Precision Bearing Components Group, the Precision Engineered Products Group and the Autocam Precision Components Group.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NNBR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for NN, Inc. (NASDAQ:NNBR).







Receive News & Ratings for NN Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NN Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Public Employees' Retirement Association | Colorado Performance Management
























Jump to navigation
























   







Skip to main content












Public Employees' Retirement AssociationPerformance Plans
FY 2017-2018
Performance Plan 
FY 2015-2016
Performance Plan
FY 2014-2015
Performance Plan 


Tweet


 









