Our Best Investing Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Our Best Investing IdeasStock Exchange: Reading Into Retail MovesEditors' Pick • AVGO, LB, RH• Today, 6:46 AM • Jeff MillerCapstone: Pending Catalyst + High Growth, No Debt, Deep Value StockEditors' Pick • CAPC• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Intelligent Walker•2 CommentsDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Yesterday, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFANexstar Media Group: 18% Free Cash Flow Yield And Significant Upside As Broadcaster Sentiment ImprovesEditors' Pick • NXST• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Soldier of Fortune•2 CommentsActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellWoori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Yesterday, 1:01 PM • Heath White•2 CommentsLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•2 CommentsPVH Corp.: Make American Fashion Great Again (A La Calvin Klein And Tommy Hilfiger)Editors' Pick • PVH• Yesterday, 11:04 AM • Goddess Diogenes•4 CommentsInvitae Set For Growth - Bret Jensen's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • NVTA• Yesterday, 6:57 AM • Bret Jensen•10 CommentsGazprom: Russia's Corporate DiamondEditors' Pick • OGZPY• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:04 PM • Dennis Viliardos•14 CommentsAfter 2 Years In The Doghouse, Box Is Poised To Break Past Its $20 IPO HurdleEditors' Pick • BOX• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:53 PM • Gary Alexander•4 CommentsZion Oil & Gas - Drilling Dry Holes Til $0; Will Bankruptcy Court Or Extreme Dilution Get Them There First?Editors' Pick • ZN• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:30 AM • Fuzzy Panda Shorts•25 CommentsTT Electronics: A Case Study Of Management TurnaroundEditors' Pick • TTGPF• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:43 AM • Simeon RusanovIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•7 CommentsPhillips 66: Get Ready For An Upside Breakout On A Strong Q2 ReportEditors' Pick • PSX• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:35 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•39 CommentsLong Dillard's On Potential For 'Infinity Squeeze'Editors' Pick • DDS• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:40 AM • Richard Pearson•58 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•9 CommentsNew Theme Park Puts Six Flags At RiskEditors' Pick • SIX• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:52 PM • ManBearChicken•4 CommentsPRO Weekly Digest: Identifying Market Mispricings With Yale BockEditors' Pick • FH, MARK• Sun, Jul. 23, 7:30 AM • SA PRO Editors•14 CommentsQEP Resources: Imminent And Longer Term CatalystsEditors' Pick • QEP• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:39 AM • Richard Zeits•57 CommentsIndependent News & Media Plc - Has The World Really Ended?Editors' Pick • INNZF• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:14 AM • Philip Ryan•10 CommentsEssential Energy Services: Too Cheap To IgnoreEditors' Pick • EEYUF• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:52 AM • Michael Munro•13 CommentsThe Long Case For Sands ChinaEditors' Pick • SCHYF, SCHYY• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Catalyst TraderThe Short Case For WelbiltEditors' Pick • WBT• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Rational Short Investor•4 CommentsThe Long Case For LiLACEditors' Pick • LILA• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Stephen Saroki•2 CommentsThe Short Case For Singapore Press HoldingsEditors' Pick • SGPRY, SGPRF• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Warren Chan•2 CommentsHow Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. Got Into This MessEditors' Pick • TOO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:21 PM • Long Player•169 CommentsDump Cincinnati Bell On 2 Terrible AcquisitionsEditors' Pick • CBB, HCOM• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:39 AM • John Zhang•10 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentPapa Murphy's Holdings: An Overlooked Competitor In A Crowded SpaceEditors' Pick • FRSH• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:19 AM • Dining Stocks Online•14 CommentsStock Exchange: Sizzling Summer Picks In Discretionary SpendingEditors' Pick • COST, PEJ, TSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:57 PM • Jeff Miller•24 CommentsThe Short Case For HubspotEditors' Pick • HUBS• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:00 PM • Short Biased•4 CommentsThe Long Case For AritziaEditors' Pick • ATZAF• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:00 PM • Kara Stessl•4 CommentsMicron And Intel: The AI And Security Play Of The CenturyEditors' Pick • MU• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:13 PM • Stephen Breezy•381 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•136 CommentsA Basket Of Stocks To Play The Impending Clean Energy/EV Boom - Part 1 (Lithium)Editors' Pick • CRECF, EEYMF, PILBF• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:10 AM • FI Fighter•22 CommentsBurlington Stores Looks TemptingEditors' Pick • BURL• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:08 AM • Vince Martin•4 CommentsDundee Precious Metals - Derisked And Deeply UndervaluedEditors' Pick • DPMLF• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:45 AM • Simple Digressions•22 Comments'Everybody's Gotta Eat': Restaurant Stocks In FocusEditors' Pick • BWLD, CMG, MENU• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:30 AM • SA Marketplace•28 CommentsNew Residential Investment Corp. Is Currently Undervalued By 20%Editors' Pick • NRZ• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:30 AM • Scott Kennedy•164 CommentsCato Is An Easy Short, Even At 6x P/EEditors' Pick • CATO• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:32 PM • Vince Martin•8 CommentsTeekay Corp. - J Mintzmyer's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • TK• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:21 PM • J Mintzmyer•113 CommentsBriggs & Stratton: American Icon Trading At A DiscountEditors' Pick • BGG• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:54 PM • Michael Boyd•6 CommentsWhy Google AdSense Is The Heart And Soul Of Alphabet's Advertising EmpireEditors' Pick • GOOG, GOOGL• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:58 AM • Motek Moyen•30 CommentsEnergy Sector - The Last Value PlayEditors' Pick • TS, VREYF, APA• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:58 AM • Andrea Bernasconi•2 CommentsHalcon Resources: A New Player On The Permian Block That Can SurpriseEditors' Pick • HK• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:53 AM • Richard Zeits•48 CommentsWhy Keeping Up With FDA Approvals Could Help Your Stock Portfolio - Slingshot Insights' Joe McCann's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • RDUS• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:55 PM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsSAExploration Holdings: An Interesting SpeculationEditors' Pick • SAEX• Tue, Jul. 18, 10:54 AM • Amit Ghate•12 CommentsApplied Optoelectronics: Still A Conviction Long - Strong Execution And Earnings Momentum Means Raising Of EPS Estimates, And Price Target To $125Editors' Pick • AAOI• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:26 AM • Jay Deahna•198 CommentsYes, Vera Bradley Still Is A ShortEditors' Pick • VRA• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:44 AM • Vince Martin•12 CommentsRestoration Hardware Discloses The #1 Controversial Share Buyback Of The YearEditors' Pick • RH• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:30 AM • Ioannis Tsoutsias, CFA•21 CommentsAlibaba Affiliate Ant Financial: World's Largest Fintech Poised For More GrowthEditors' Pick • BABA• Mon, Jul. 17, 9:08 PM • LD Investments•46 CommentsQuintiles IMS: A Novel Way To Invest In BiopharmaEditors' Pick • Q• Mon, Jul. 17, 3:55 PM • In Sickness and Wealth•5 CommentsCyberArk's Single Quarter Miss Is A Long-Term BenefitEditors' Pick • CYBR• Mon, Jul. 17, 1:59 PM • Joe Albano•11 CommentsThe Undiscovered Katahdin BanksharesEditors' Pick • KTHN• Sat, Jul. 15, 7:15 AM • Carlton Getz•7 CommentsValhi: Does Sum Of The Parts Show A Discount?Editors' Pick • VHI• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:43 PM • Michael Boyd•2 CommentsPolar Power: More To Come Over The VerizonEditors' Pick • POLA• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:02 PM • Dan Stringer•10 CommentsMitel Is A Value Play In Unified CommunicationsEditors' Pick • MITL• Fri, Jul. 14, 2:11 PM • Focus Equity•6 CommentsLindsay Corporation: Shorts CapitulateEditors' Pick • LNN• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:53 AM • Michael Boyd•4 CommentsBusiness Under Pressure And Aggressive Accounting Suggests Gentex Has 40-80% Downside RiskEditors' Pick • GNTX• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:46 AM • Ben Axler•17 CommentsThe Long Case For CelesticaEditors' Pick • CLS• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:00 AM • Chris Safroniy•2 CommentsTropicana: Value Still Left On The TableEditors' Pick • TPCA• Fri, Jul. 14, 8:41 AM • Antao•18 CommentsPhotronics Looks A Bit More InterestingEditors' Pick • PLAB• Fri, Jul. 14, 7:38 AM • Vince MartinStock Exchange: Trading The Earnings SeasonEditors' Pick • BUD, DDR, RH• Fri, Jul. 14, 7:07 AM • Jeff Miller•12 CommentsMcKesson: Compelling Margin Of Safety Outweighs Newsworthy RisksEditors' Pick • MCK• Thu, Jul. 13, 3:23 PM • David J. Waldron•19 CommentsCredit Acceptance Corp.: Finding A Niche And Owning ItEditors' Pick • CACC• Thu, Jul. 13, 2:54 PM • Superinvestor Bulletin•22 CommentsBlue Apron - Cohort Data Suggests Favorable Unit EconomicsEditors' Pick • APRN• Thu, Jul. 13, 1:28 PM • Kevin Mak, CFA•36 CommentsRed River Report - The Downfall Of A Great Australian MinerEditors' Pick • EGRAF, EGRAY• Thu, Jul. 13, 10:54 AM • Timor Pony•3 CommentsIAMGOLD Makes A Major DiscoveryEditors' Pick • IAG• Thu, Jul. 13, 9:04 AM • SomaBull•16 CommentsGeely: Investors Electrify Volvo CarEditors' Pick • GELYY• Thu, Jul. 13, 7:00 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•15 CommentsThe Growing Pains At HollySys Are Real, But The Potential Is WorthwhileEditors' Pick • HOLI• Wed, Jul. 12, 2:38 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFAPardee Resources: 4% Yield From Hard Assets And Upside To A Met Coal RecoveryEditors' Pick • PDER• Wed, Jul. 12, 10:44 AM • Safety In Value•19 CommentsChart Industries Getting Back On TrackEditors' Pick • GTLS• Wed, Jul. 12, 7:36 AM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 CommentsA Better Story Taking Shape At FormFactorEditors' Pick • FORM• Wed, Jul. 12, 7:01 AM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentThe Enterprise Storage Space: A Good Venue In Which To Store Some Investment DollarsEditors' Pick • NTNX, PSTG, NTAP• Tue, Jul. 11, 8:01 PM • Bert Hochfeld•9 Comments123456...158Next Page





Pulse Biosciences, Inc.: High-Voltage Hype Set To Short-Circuit - Pulse Biosciences (NASDAQ:PLSE) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Pulse Biosciences, Inc.: High-Voltage Hype Set To Short-CircuitMay. 9.17 | About: Pulse Biosciences (PLSE) Kerrisdale Capital Management Hedge fund manager, long/short equity, value, special situationsKerrisdale Capital Management




SummaryPulse claims its technology can eliminate tumors and trigger immune responses, but clinical evidence demonstrates worst-in-class efficacy.Research sponsored by Pulse confirms that its technology cannot even reliably kill cancer cells in vitro.A near-identical device that has been FDA-approved for more than 10 years generates paltry revenue. Editors' Note: References are noted by parentheticals - (1) - and end notes by superscript - 1. We are short shares of Pulse Biosciences (NASDAQ:PLSE), a ~$400 million medical device company with 13 employees, zero revenue, and one focus: developing and commercializing a technology it calls "Nano-Pulse Stimulation" (NPS), in which cells are exposed to very strong electrical fields for very brief periods of time in hopes of killing them. Pulse claims that this method of killing cells constitutes a "novel therapeutic tissue treatment platform" with the potential not only to destroy tumors directly but also, in the words of the company's chief scientific officer, to "essentially transform[ them] into vaccines to direct the immune system to destroy them." On the basis of this high concept (as opposed to any significant commercial or technical progress), the stock price has increased six-fold since the company's May 2016 IPO. This run-up is senseless. Contrary to Pulse's highly selective narrative, even if NPS one day performed as advertised, it would still have little value. For one thing, an existing ablation device called the NanoKnife, which has been on the market for a decade, also kills cells by exposing them to very strong electrical fields for very brief periods of time. While Pulse insists that its technology, by using somewhat stronger fields for somewhat briefer periods, generates wildly different effects, the scientific literature argues otherwise: many allegedly unique benefits of NPS, like the induction of apoptosis (a form of programmed cell "suicide") and the stimulation of the immune system, apply not just to NanoKnife but to a wide range of other run-of-the-mill treatments. From a clinical perspective, Pulse's NPS is nothing special, especially relative to NanoKnife - which, in turn, is a perennial flop with less than $20 million in annual revenue. Worse still, our review of published NPS results reveals that the technology doesn't perform as advertised. To the contrary, it's often appallingly ineffective. For instance, in the only formal NPS clinical trial published to date, Pulse researchers treated three patients with skin cancer and - in an outcome far worse than standard surgery - left two with residual cancer and a third with discolored and anomalous-looking (but supposedly, for the time being, benign) lesions. Very recently, new research funded by Pulse itself concluded that "even after the most intense treatments" a sizable fraction of human cancer cells across a range of cancer types simply cannot be killed by NPS - an alarming phenomenon whose cause remains a complete mystery. The unexpected discovery of this "residual resistivity" or "tolerance" - published online in December, headed for print in May, yet, to our knowledge, never mentioned by Pulse management - may by itself wipe out what little commercial value NPS might have had. What's the point of a method for killing cancer that can't kill cancer? Pulse's technology has barely made it off the drawing board, yet it's already proven itself to be weak, unreliable, and undifferentiated. Investors with high expectations are in for a shock. I. Investment Highlights Pulse's NPS technology is far less special than it claims. The company contends that "NPS will provide unique benefits to patients in a wide variety of medical applications,"1 asserting that, while other ablation modalities using extreme heat or cold to destroy tumors "generally lead[] to cellular necrosis" (uncontrolled cell death driven by physical injury), NPS "offers a non-thermal and non-ionizing ablative technology that can be selectively tuned to induce apoptosis," or programmed cell death. "[T]his less destructive approach," according to Pulse, "lends itself to a number of applications including tumors which would otherwise be inoperable because of proximity to critical structures" (emphasis added).2 However, irreversible electroporation (IRE) - a technology very similar to NPS and already commercialized for years under the brand name NanoKnife - has been pitched in almost exactly the same way, as this selection from a 2012 marketing presentation demonstrates:  Selection from NanoKnife Marketing Presentation, February 2012  

 Source: AngioDynamics. Red highlights added by Kerrisdale.   Furthermore, while Pulse uses limited evidence from animal models to suggest that NPS can prevent cancer recurrence, irreversible electroporation produced similar results four years ago when a team of researchers found that, after using IRE to destroy tumors in mice and then injecting the mice with a second batch of cancer cells, "growth of the second tumors was... significantly reduced or prevented entirely" (1). Indeed, more broadly, what Pulse claims to be NPS's most important benefit - its purported ability to cause cell death in a way that stimulates the immune system - is shared by a wide range of therapies, including cryoablation, photodynamic therapy, radiation therapy, focused ultrasound ablation, radiofrequency ablation, and more. If NPS can't "provide unique benefits" like Pulse says, then it makes no sense for such an early-stage technology - years away from generating meaningful revenue, and supported by published data from only four human patients - to command such a high valuation. Similar technologies have repeatedly fallen short of expectations. While Pulse's marketing message closely resembles that of NanoKnife (manufactured by AngioDynamics (NASDAQ:ANGO), which acquired the technology in 2008 for just $25 million3), that should come as no comfort to Pulse shareholders, since NanoKnife has proven to be a serial disappointment both clinically and commercially. For instance, in a surprising failure, a clinical trial testing the use of NanoKnife in lung cancer ended early when it became clear that the treatment failed to eradicate many tumors (2) - notwithstanding preclinical evidence, like Pulse's, of positive immune effects. A decade after launching, NanoKnife still produces less than $20 million of annual revenue - a small part of a relatively small, yet crowded, market for nonsurgical tumor ablation. Similarly, while some animal models have suggested that radiofrequency ablation stimulates significant immune benefits, a randomized controlled trial in humans with liver cancer proved that the therapy delivered results that were significantly worse than those of conventional surgical resection (3). Another technology, high-intensity focused ultrasound (HiFU), has likewise shown signs of enhancing immune responses to cancer, yet its results in humans were so weak that it struggled to achieve FDA approval, and the technology's leading manufacturer, a French company called EDAP, earns almost zero profit from it. In general, tantalizing hints that new ablation modalities might confer meaningful anti-cancer immunity have failed to translate into real-world success, an outcome that we fully expect to repeat for Pulse. There's no room in the marketplace for a NanoKnife "me too" when the original NanoKnife has failed to gain much traction. Even if Pulse's technology did what it was supposed to do, it would have no realistic value proposition. Pulse's data indicate that NPS is impotent and unreliable. In the only formal study of NPS in humans yet completed and published, Pulse researchers treated ten small tumors caused by basal-cell carcinoma (a type of skin cancer) across three patients. While the company has spun this study as an early win, three out of the ten tumors remained cancerous 15 weeks after treatment; by contrast, the most effective treatment for this cancer, a technique called Mohs surgery, almost always succeeds, with recurrence very rare even five years later. Not only did NPS fail to eliminate 30% of the tumors, it failed on two out of three patients. The third, while judged cancer-free on the basis of histological data, was likely unhappy with the "improvement" of her two lesions, which, in our view, look even more troubling after treatment (last row of photos) than before treatment (first row of photos):  Pulse's Results in One Patient's Basal-Cell Carcinoma  

Source: Nuccitelli et al. 2014(4), Kerrisdale analysis Images depict two different tumors on a single patient before treatment and two, seven, and eleven weeks after treatment, from top to bottom.   For one of the other two patients, not only did NPS fail to rid him of cancer; it also appeared to give rise to two instances of seborrheic keratosis, a benign skin growth that looks like skin cancer - an unpleasant result not just for the patient but for Pulse, which hopes to some day treat this condition4, yet may somehow cause it. These startlingly bad results are consistent with a longer track record of weak and inconsistent NPS data. The latest, and perhaps the most worrisome, example is a study paid for by Pulse itself that shows for the first time that, across a variety of healthy and cancerous human cell lines, sizable (10%+) fractions of cell populations exposed to NPS boast "an unusual level of... tolerance" and simply don't die, no matter how many times they're zapped (5). Disturbingly, while the authors of the study tried to take the sting out of this discovery by blaming it on some artifact of the experimental methodology, they concluded that the phenomenon of NPS resistance or tolerance is quite real - yet, its cause remains a mystery. When NPS failed to completely kill tumors or prevent their recurrence in previous studies, as it often did, researchers could always fall back on the excuse that they just hadn't used enough pulses. The new study, however, exposes that excuse as hollow and underscores just how poorly the effects of NPS are still understood. Since cancer is by definition a disease of aberrant growth, and other existing ablation modalities can, in fact, reliably kill cells, a treatment like Pulse's NPS that unaccountably only kills some parts of tumors some of the time is worthless. If Pulse's technology were as good as it claimed to be, it would still falter in a market already full of technologies with similar stories. But with so much evidence quickly stacking up against NPS, we believe it's dead on arrival. II. Company Overview  Pulse Biosciences: Capitalization and Financial Results  

 *Pro forma for Pulse's February 2017 equity issuance (at a price of $6.10 per share). †2017 values represent Kerrisdale projections. Pulse management indicated on the company's May 4, 2017, earnings call that cash use in 2017 would be $13.5 million. Source: Company filings, Kerrisdale analysis   Though technically founded in May 2014, Pulse Biosciences grew out of an entity formed in 2000 (initially called RPN Enterprises and later renamed BioElectroMed) created by Richard Nuccitelli, a former UC Davis professor and now chief scientific officer of Pulse who retired from academia to pursue his fortune. In the early 2000s, Nuccitelli grew excited about early animal studies showing that strong but brief electrical pulses (on the order of 100 nanoseconds in duration) could eliminate tumors. While research findings in this area, many of them co-authored by Nuccitelli and funded by government grants, trickled in over the years, the field remained obscure, with only a handful of groups involved and no apparent outside commercial interest. By 2008, Nuccitelli's BioElectroMed entity seemed to be more focused on an unrelated technology called the Dermacorder, designed to assess wound healing and even diagnose cancer by measuring electric fields; an old version of BioElectroMed's web site boasts that the device was "featured on Star Trek Tech [on the] History Channel." But the Dermacorder apparently amounted to little, and by 2013, BioElectroMed returned its focus to what it then called "Nanosecond Pulse Ablation." A "Partnering" page on its site noted, "We seek corporate partners... To inquire about partnering opportunities, please contact us." But no partners emerged. Ultimately, the small investment bank MDB Capital - a firm with a checkered past that includes packaging and taking public many companies that proved disastrous for long-term shareholders - helped BioElectroMed roll up a number of patents related to nanosecond pulsed electric fields, some of which were previously held by a handful of universities, including Old Dominion and Eastern Virginia Medical School. A November 2014 private placement infused the new roll-up entity with $8 million in cash and valued it at $20 million in total, or $2.67 per share (88% lower than the current price). Finally, what is now called Pulse went public in May 2016 at a price of $4 per share. Little happened in its first several months as a public company, and the stock price ranged between $4 and $6. On February 10, however, Pulse issued a press release announcing that Robert Duggan, a serial entrepreneur who became a billionaire after selling the drug company Pharmacyclics to AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV), and Maky Zanganeh, a former dentist and Duggan's COO at Pharmacyclics, bought significant stakes in the company, including purchasing $5 million of newly issued shares directly from the company at a price of $6.10. Investors, acting as if this shift in ownership somehow altered the value of Pulse's underlying technology, drove the stock dramatically higher from there. Indeed, the price has become so frothy that Pulse recently announced MDB Capital had waived lock-up provisions a month early for pre-IPO holders of 28% of the company's shares; apparently, these holders were so eager to sell at current prices that they didn't want to risk waiting even one more month, despite the ugly optics. While the past successes of Pulse's new minority shareholders deserve respect, they can't change what the technology is or how well it works. To be sure, NPS is still very early in its development, having been used on only a handful of human patients to date, but with no meaningful edge over alternative ablation modalities and an accumulating body of evidence highlighting its weakness and inconsistency, the company cannot, in our view, justify anything close to its current valuation - no matter who owns its shares. III. Pulse's Technology Is Nothing Special Out of context, Pulse's story sounds good. The first page of the company's IPO prospectus sets out the official line: For the treatment of cancer, we believe that we can trigger a signaling cascade within the tumor cells that ends in immunogenic apoptosis. Immunogenic apoptosis is a process in which cells are induced to die in a natural way, initiating their own programmed cell death, engaging the immune system to clear damaged, diseased, or aged cells and enrolling cytotoxic T cells to recognize and eliminate cells of the same tumor type. We believe we are the only medical device company with the intellectual property, technology, and know-how to be able to produce this natural cell death using NPES5 to initiate cell signaling that induces the targeted adaptive immune response.6 Not only can its device kill cells, but the story goes it can also kill them in a unique way that recruits the patient's own immune system to join the fight. But is Pulse truly "the only medical device company" with these abilities? It is at pains to distinguish its "nanosecond" pulses (which, in clinical applications, have actually been ~100-nanosecond pulses) using electric field strengths of tens of thousands of volts per centimeter from the characteristics of another technology, irreversible electroporation, which uses pulses ~100x longer at electric field strengths ~10x weaker. According to Pulse, irreversible electroporation - marketed by the publicly traded medical device company AngioDynamics under the name NanoKnife - "cause[s] cell membranes to irreversibly permeabilize, resulting in necrosis (death) of the tumor cells," while Pulse's technology, by contrast, "transiently permeabilizes internal organelles which can lead to a signaling cascade ending in immunogenic apoptosis rather than necrosis."7 The scientific literature, however, paints a different picture: irreversible electroporation is generally regarded as causing apoptosis. Consider the following passage from a study of IRE in human prostate cancer (emphasis added) (6): Unlike other [focal therapy] modalities, [IRE] relies on a non-thermal mechanism to induce cell death. IRE uses needle electrodes placed in or around a targeted volume of tissue to deliver a series of brief direct-current electrical pulses with the intention of inducing a permanently porous cell membrane. This disrupts cellular homoeostasis resulting in apoptosis. This summary is not meant to be controversial; rather, it merely states the consensus. Another recent IRE study used similar language (7): Unlike RFA [radiofrequency ablation] and MWA [microwave ablation], IRE induces apoptotic cell death in the (relative) absence of thermal damage... IRE thus offers the advantage of preserving underlying structural integrity and architecture due to the absence of necrotic cell death... Moreover, while Pulse harps on NPS's ability to induce apoptosis, this emphasis is overblown. What exactly NPS does to cells remains murky. As one 2014 paper explained (emphasis added) (8): With the complexity of the cellular response to nsPEF [nanosecond pulsed electric fields], the mechanisms and specific pathways leading to cell death have only been partially understood. The early studies focused on the apoptotic response and only recently early necrosis was reported by several groups as a separate or even a predominant mode of nsPEF-induced cell death. In short, AngioDynamics' NanoKnife IRE technology causes apoptosis, not just necrosis, while Pulse's NPS technology causes necrosis, not just apoptosis. To depict itself as unique, Pulse has no choice but to gloss over the deep similarities between IRE and NPS, but these efforts are misleading. However interesting the different effects engendered by variations in pulse duration and field strength may be from a scientific perspective, their practical impact on cancer cells appears to be small. Indeed, more broadly, there is nothing unusual about non-surgical ablation modalities or other cancer treatments causing cell death by apoptosis. As one 2016 review put it, "Induction of apoptotic programmed cell death is one of the underlying principles of most current cancer therapies," including radiation and chemotherapy (emphasis added) (9). While cells directly exposed to intense heat may die in an uncontrolled, necrotic manner, that's not the whole story. In the words of another recent review (emphasis added) (10): Heat-ablated lesions can be thought of as having three zones: the central zone, which is immediately beyond the application tip and which undergoes ablation-induced coagulative necrosis; a peripheral or transitional zone of sublethal hyperthermia, which mostly occurs from thermal conduction of the central area that is either undergoing apoptosis or recovering from reversible injury; and the surrounding tissue that is unaffected by ablation. As the same review also points out, a similar pattern results from cryoablation, which kills cells via intense cold: Direct cold-induced coagulative necrosis occurs at the centre of cryoablative lesions, whereas apoptosis has been observed at their periphery. Thus, what Pulse cites as a key point of differentiation - NPS's ability to induce apoptosis - is anything but different. A company with an undistinguished hypothetical product that has barely taken the first steps toward commercialization in a crowded market doesn't deserve a $400 million valuation. Many Other Cancer Treatments Stimulate the Immune System Ironically, Pulse's rhetorical focus on apoptosis runs counter to its other focus: the potential immunological benefits of NPS. In general, apoptosis is thought to stimulate immune responses far less than necrosis - or even to suppress immune responses. A 2009 review of immune responses to cryoablation summarized the traditional view (11): Necrosis occurs with mechanical tissue damage, such as cryoablation, and is characterized by cellular breakdown and release of intracellular contents. Many of these intracellular contents can be immunostimulatory... Apoptosis, or programmed cell death, results in several steps that allow the uptake of cellular debris by both macrophages and dendritic cells, but without causing inflammation and thus stimulat[ing] an immune response. Apoptotic cells do not release their contents... as do necrotic cells. In fact, several studies have shown that apoptosis not only does not stimulate immune recognition, but quite the opposite. To be fair, over time, further research has demonstrated that in some cases apoptosis can give rise to so-called immunogenic cell death (ICD). However, it would be bizarre to suggest that Pulse's NPS has a monopoly on stimulating the immune system. To the contrary, decades of research show that a wide range of ablation modalities and other treatments can lead to ICD. This is not some special new power that makes the company's technology superior to the status quo - it's already widespread. A recent review by researchers from University College London entitled "Harnessing the Immunomodulatory Effect of Thermal and Non-Thermal Ablative Therapies for Cancer Treatment" gives a sense of how many such therapies appear to enhance immune responses:  Select Ablative Therapies Found to Stimulate the Immune System  

 Source: Bastianpillai et al. 2015(12), Table 1 Note: PDT = photodynamic therapy; HiFU = high-intensity focused ultrasound; LoFU = low-intensity focused ultrasound.   Note that the treatment with the strongest evidence of immune-response generation is cryotherapy, the ablation of tumors using extreme cold; by contrast, electroporation - the treatment most similar to Pulse's NPS - has produced more "limited" evidence. Beyond this list, chemotherapeutic agents, including doxorubicin, mitoxantrone, oxaliplatin, and bortezomib, along with the simple physical intervention of applying high hydrostatic pressure ex vivo, have also been shown to elicit ICD (13). Pulse's technology is more of the same. Consider, for instance, radiofrequency ablation - a method of killing cancer cells with intense heat. Japanese researchers showed in 2010 that radiofrequency ablation of a tumor on one side of a mouse's body could significantly reduce the growth rate of an untreated tumor on the other side, "accompanied by massive T-cell infiltration" - evidence of a strengthened immune response sparked by the ablation (14). Another group showed in 2013 that radiofrequency ablation of colorectal cancer in mice "caused a marked increase in intratumoral CD8+ T lymphocyte infiltration," especially T cells specific for tumor antigens. In addition, ablation of a primary tumor retarded the growth of separately induced secondary tumors on other parts of the body, and this effect required the presence of T cells to work (15). In short, radiofrequency ablation doesn't just kill the cancer cells it directly affects, it also triggers the immune system to attack similar cells. Likewise, consider high-intensity focused ultrasound. Mouse studies as far back as 1992 suggested that HiFU led to "stimulation of host tumor immunity" (16). Further studies revealed that vaccinating mice with HiFU-treated tumor cells inhibited growth of subsequently introduced tumors, while T cells extracted from tumor-bearing mice treated with HiFU, when transferred to other such mice not treated with HiFU, could extend survival and even induce tumor regression (17). Irreversible electroporation also appears to confer a degree of anti-tumor immunity. In 2013, researchers found that, after only partially ablating mouse tumors using IRE, mice with functional immune systems survived much longer than immunodeficient mice - suggesting that, even when IRE didn't eliminate every cancer cell, it still sparked enough of an immune response (in mice capable of it) to enhance health. Furthermore, in tumor-bearing mice treated with IRE and then subsequently re-challenged with the same type of tumors, "growth of the second tumors was shown to be significantly reduced or prevented entirely" - a phenomenon accompanied by "robust" T-cell infiltration in some mice (1). In 2016, another mouse model demonstrated that IRE ablation of the liver could inhibit the growth of a related tumor on the skin, again accompanied by an influx of T cells (18). Such effects, observed across a wide array of ablation modalities (including NanoKnife's IRE), put Pulse's overblown claims in perspective. The best evidence the company has marshaled shows that, in some cases, in certain animal models, NPS treatment can do more than kill the cells it directly affects; it can also stimulate the immune system to target tumors itself. But the same can be said for radiofrequency ablation, cryoablation, high-intensity focused ultrasound, irreversible electroporation, and more. Pulse's findings do nothing to distinguish NPS from the many more established and better understood competitors. Observed Immune Effects Have Not Translated to Clinical Benefits Despite intriguing suggestions of positive immunological side effects, however, nonsurgical ablation modalities have often performed poorly in real patients. In the words of one 2017 review (emphasis added) (17): [In addition] to lowering the general tumor burden, ablation releases tumor antigens and multiple bioactive molecules such as damage-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs). Combined with general inflammation and immune-regulatory processes of the wound healing response following ablation, this will result in different innate and adaptive immune effects... However… responses generally remain weak. Potent antitumor immunity therefore is rarely generated, as also evidenced by scarce reports of spontaneous regression following ablation. Irreversible electroporation, for example - the modality most similar to Pulse's NPS - performed surprisingly poorly in a key lung cancer trial published in 2015, forcing the trial to be cut short prematurely lest more patients receive such ineffective treatment (2). In another recent clinical trial dubbed the "NanoKnife Electroporation Ablation Trial" (NEAT), researchers were again clearly disappointed by the results, noting that while NanoKnife treatment appeared to be safe, "[t]he ablation results were less satisfactory, with one-third [of patients] harbouring clinically significant disease following treatment" - a far cry from a consistent cure. Thus, whatever the modest potential immune benefits of IRE, they were not enough to overcome its other limitations, like the difficulty of assessing whether a targeted tumor has been fully ablated in the first place. These weak results are not unique to IRE; other modalities have produced similar disappointments in the clinic. For instance, in a large, randomized trial comparing liver cancer patients treated with radiofrequency ablation to those treated with conventional surgery, RFA led to substantially worse overall survival and recurrence-free survival, with RFA patients almost 50% more likely than surgery patients to experience a recurrence of their cancer within five years after treatment (3). Again, regardless of whether RFA induced any immune response in these patients, it didn't matter; overall, they still would have been better off with surgery. Ultrasound ablation has yielded further disappointments. An unfinished trial using a device called Ablatherm produced by the publicly traded company EDAP found that almost a third of prostate cancer patients tested positive for prostate cancer within two years of ablation - results so poor that an FDA expert panel voted unanimously in 2014 that there was no reasonable assurance the treatment was effective. Once more, immunological data generated in animal models failed to translate to a net clinical benefit in real patients. Indeed, the evidence in favor of nonsurgical ablation is generally weak, as one recent review pointed out (10): [C]ommon disadvantages include incomplete ablation, disease recurrence and inferior outcomes... There is a noticeable lack of randomized controlled clinical trials in patients, which is mostly because it is unethical to conduct head-to-head comparisons between ablation and surgical excision when the tumour is resectable. Over time, the same pattern of disillusionment has repeated again and again: tantalizing hints that killing cells in some novel way will have meaningfully positive knock-on effects, juxtaposed with unimpressive clinical outcomes that relegate the treatment to the small market of patients with no better alternatives. At best, Pulse's NPS technology will fizzle out in the same way. Technologies Like Pulse's Have Been Commercial Flops With only weak and equivocal clinical data to support them, novel ablation modalities akin to Pulse's haven't gained significant market share. The most relevant example is the NanoKnife IRE technology, purchased by AngioDynamics in 2008 for just $25 million (a small fraction of Pulse's current market cap).8  The NanoKnife pitch is almost identical to Pulse's, as befits a technology so similar. Both purport to use strong but short electrical pulses, not extreme temperatures, to induce apoptosis; both can point to limited preclinical evidence that this approach triggers an immune response; and both claim they can protect important structures like blood vessels and bile ducts that may be close to targeted tumors. Pulse's NPS, however, remains far from commercialization, while NanoKnife has benefited from a decade of marketing and a large body of clinical research. After all those years, though, NanoKnife has gained little traction. Across the world, virtually no insurance company or government payor covers NanoKnife ablation,9 regarding it as "experimental and investigational," not proven or medically necessary.10 While the FDA has cleared it for the generic indication of soft tissue ablation, it lacks approval for the treatment of any specific condition; as a result, in the words of a recent sell-side initiation piece, "NanoKnife market adoption has been slow."11 To our knowledge, the last time AngioDynamics disclosed NanoKnife revenue, in October 2015, it had fallen from an annualized run rate of $17 million12 to just $12 million, driven by a decline in the sale of new NanoKnife systems (as opposed to disposables used during procedures). While AngioDynamics then stopped providing specific figures, management signaled that the device's market growth continued to be weak:13  January 7, 2016: "[G]aining new capital placements has been a challenge for NanoKnife... As we look to the second half of the [fiscal] year, we have revised our NanoKnife capital outlook to reflect this view until we achieve our reimbursement goals." April 7, 2016: "Capital sales of NanoKnife continued to be a challenge this quarter... [T]he revised guidance contemplates near-term NanoKnife capital sales to be below historical run rate levels..." January 6, 2017: "The Oncology/Surgery franchise generated revenue [that was]... down 6% year-over-year and was driven by lower sales in ablation products and NanoKnife capital..."  It thus appears that NanoKnife has made little progress beyond the installed base of just 136 units that it had achieved by 2016.14 If that's all it could accomplish in over a decade, what hope is there for Pulse - with an extraordinarily similar product backed up by far less research and experience - to build a real business? While AngioDynamics continues to hold out hope that NanoKnife will flourish one day, it's clear that the market has more sober expectations. The device accounts for roughly 5% of AngioDynamics' revenue, and the entire firm has an enterprise value of only $636 million, the vast majority of which is obviously attributable to other products. Simply applying AngioDynamics' overall EV-to-sales multiple to an estimate of NanoKnife's sales,15 we estimate that the market is valuing NanoKnife at just $29 million:  Implied Market Valuation of NanoKnife  

 Source: Company filings, Capital IQ, Kerrisdale analysis   If Pulse somehow merited the same valuation as NanoKnife, its shares would have 92% downside. Of course, such a valuation is absurdly generous. Pulse has 13 employees and no commercial products; it is years from earning significant revenue. NanoKnife, by contrast, is actually in use today. There is simply nothing about Pulse's prototype technology that deserves a 1,200% premium to its closest comparable. If a healthcare provider or payor wasn't swayed by NanoKnife's selling points, then Pulse's pitch will also fall on deaf ears. Though less similar to Pulse's NPS, EDAP's HiFU product, Ablatherm, also furnishes an example of a novel ablation tool that has fallen short commercially. While Ablatherm does use heat (generated indirectly by sound waves) to kill cancer cells and thus differs from the purportedly non-thermal approaches of IRE and NPS, it has its own unique selling point: it's completely noninvasive, deployed either outside the body or from within a cavity. As discussed above, HiFU has also been found to trigger immune responses. In early 2006, EDAP was a hot stock, quadrupling from ~$5 to ~$20 per share on the back of the company's initiation of clinical trials in the US. But investor enthusiasm was short-lived: Ablatherm's weak results, described above, forced EDAP to abandon its plan to seek approval for the device's use in prostate cancer treatment and instead pursue a narrower and far less meaningful regulatory clearance to ablate prostate tissue, with no claim made as to treatment efficacy. As a result, Ablatherm, like NanoKnife, still suffers from a lack of insurance coverage. Today, EDAP shares trade at $2.53 - off some 90% from their peak - and the company's HiFU products generated just $1 million of operating income in 2016. Much of EDAP's small market cap stems not from HiFU but from its kidney stone treatment business, which accounted for 61% of its 2016 net sales. Even if we allocate half of the company's enterprise value to HiFU, the valuation is still just $26 million - very close to our estimate of what NanoKnife is worth, and again, a tiny fraction of Pulse's valuation, even though EDAP, for all its flaws, can at least claim to have a finished product to sell. Approached from any angle, Pulse is massively overvalued, even if NPS technology is all it's cracked up to be. At best, NPS is a close cousin to NanoKnife, an obscure, poor-selling product frowned up by insurers and unable to gain a commercial foothold beyond a handful of users. The features that the company claims distinguish NPS from all other cancer treatments and ablation modalities - its ability to foster apoptosis and spark an immune response - are, in fact, commonplace yet have done little to drum up sales. Beyond the bluster, Pulse's technology is nothing special. IV. Pulse's Technology Is Impotent and Unreliable Even if Pulse's NPS lived up to its billing, it would have little value in a world where NanoKnife and other novel ablation modalities have faltered. However, a detailed review of the available published data shows that NPS is disturbingly inconsistent and ineffective. Thus, its overvaluation is even more extreme. Pulse's Basal-Cell Carcinoma Trial Was a Failure NPS has almost never been used on humans. The first reported case was published in 2007, when a researcher self-administered 200 20ns-long electrical pulses at a field strength of 6.5 kV/cm to attempt to ablate a small basal-cell carcinoma (BCC). Within six weeks, the BCC was replaced by a scar, and surgical excision later showed that the cancer was gone (19). But this informal, unblinded self-study, described in only a few sentences in an old paper, hardly constitutes a formal trial. The first and only such trial to date was published in 2014 in a paper whose lead author is now Pulse's chief scientific officer (4). Taken at face value, the trial was a success. As the company later said, "We believe the study demonstrated NPES is safe and can offer a fast and scarless alternative to current standard of care."16 Pulse has also highlighted two sets of photos of lesions treated in the trial, cherry-picking the most attractive results and omitting more disturbing images. Notwithstanding the selective presentation, it's clear that this trial was, in reality, a failure. Pulse only treated three patients, each of whom had multiple BCC lesions - ten in total. Fourteen to fifteen weeks after NPS treatment, based on histological analysis, three of the lesions still harbored cancer; the other seven did not. It's important to note the distribution of these failures: two out of the three patients still had at least one cancerous lesion, indicating that, even for a single patient, the effects of NPS are unpredictable and inconsistent. The third patient, though determined by the authors to be cancer-free, continued to have anomalous-looking lesions in the same locations, the likes of which would send anyone to the dermatologist:  Before and After Images of Basal-Cell Carcinomas Treated by NPS in a "Successful" Patient  

 Source: Nuccitelli et al. 2014(4)   While the published write-up of this trial claims that NPS "was sufficient to cause most of these lesions to disappear during the ensuing several weeks," "disappear" hardly seems the right word for what happened. Every lesion in every patient developed a black, scab-like covering, described in the paper as a "crust." Many weeks after the crust fell off, the results were still unsettlingly poor:  Two lesions were still visibly malignant. (1c and 2c) One appeared relatively normal but remained cancerous. (1d) Two developed seborrheic keratosis, a skin condition that resembles cancer. (2d and 2e) Two developed what the authors described as "hyperpigmentation" (2a and 2b, shown above), as well as "dermal scar[s]." Two looked relatively normal but suffered from "dermal scar[s]." (1a and 1e) One looked relatively normal. (1b)  Relative to Pulse's spin about offering a "scarless" alternative - as well as its long-term ambition to pursue other cosmetically sensitive dermatological indications - these outcomes are abysmal. Only one out of ten lesions treated can honestly be described as fixed. Nor is "curing" 70% of the lesions (as measured just ~14 weeks after treatment) an impressive accomplishment. The gold standard for the treatment of basal-cell carcinoma, a technique called Mohs surgery, is extremely effective; among patients with primary BCC, i.e., those who have never had the cancer before, 99% are still cancer-free five years after treatment (20). In the NPS trial, by contrast, just one out of three patients was cancer-free within a matter of months; we'll likely never know the longer-term recurrence rate, but it can only get worse. While other treatments are less effective than Mohs surgery, none is nearly as bad as Pulse's NPS:  Nano-Pulse Stimulation Appears to Be the Worst Known Treatment for Basal-Cell Carcinoma    Treatment method 5-year recurrence rate for primary BCC   Mohs surgery 1%   Standard surgical excision 5-10%   Curettage and electrodessication 7-13%   Radiation 7-9%   Cryotherapy 8%   Pulse's NPS 30%+   Source: Kauvar et al. 2015 (20), Nuccitelli et al. 2014 (4), Kerrisdale analysis   While Pulse (then BioElectroMed) didn't acknowledge the inferiority of its results - "The efficacy of this treatment modality was good," the company bizarrely insisted - it did make excuses. Some of the lesions could only be partially ablated, the authors claimed, because they were larger than the NPS system's electrodes. But these lesions were still quite small; the largest was just 2 cm x 1 cm (0.8 in x 0.4 in). Moreover, the researchers did attempt to cover the entirety of the lesions, splitting them into multiple regions and applying many pulses to each region; according to them, they simply failed to do a good enough job. But if implementing NPS is so difficult and impractical that even small skin lesions can overwhelm it, how can it possibly succeed in the real world? Furthermore, what happened to the much vaunted immune response that NPS is supposed to trigger? As Pulse tells the tale, the technology is so powerful and immunogenic that ablating a tumor in one part of the body will prevent tumor growth in other parts. In the BCC trial, however, improved lesions and cancerous lesions co-existed; there was no sign that the former conferred any benefit upon the latter. In short, in its clinical debut (and only published trial to date), Pulse's NPS technology badly underperformed all standard treatments for basal-cell carcinoma in terms of eradicating cancer, while also producing multiple unexpected and unexplained skin anomalies - and singularly failing to give any indication of positive immune benefit. It's no wonder that it has remained obscure. NPS Fails to Kill Many Cancer Cells In the wake of NPS's abysmal debut trial, researchers directly funded by Pulse17 have very recently published another disturbing set of results. To gauge the sensitivity of different human cell types, both cancerous and healthy, to NPS, the researchers applied standardized treatment regimens in vitro. What they found was that the number of pulses it took to kill half the cells treated (the LD50) varied massively, and for no discernible reason, across different cell types, with a factor of 80 separating the relevant dose for the most and least sensitive categories. Moreover, cancer cells were generally less sensitive to NPS - better able to survive it - than healthy cells, an obviously undesirable pattern for a putative cancer treatment. While the unpredictability and inconsistency of NPS is itself problematic, the most alarming finding - what the authors called "yet another unexpected characteristic of the survival curves" - was the phenomenon of residual resistivity: even after thousands of pulses, a meaningful fraction (10-20%) of populations of every type of cell tested continued to survive. While similar examples of incomplete killing had been reported before, the authors had chalked them up to methodological flaws. Here, however, they took great pains to remove all sources of doubt, yet upheld their initial conclusion (emphasis added):    We were able to find isolated live cells... even after the most intense treatments... [R]esidual resistivity was not an artifact but reflected an unusual level of nsPEF tolerance in a limited sub-population of cells. Understanding the mechanism underlying this tolerance, as well as methods to overcome it, is essential for efficient tumor ablation by nsPEF and remains an area for future investigation. ... [The data] provided evidence for the highly diverse nsPEF sensitivity not only between cell lines, but also between individual cells within each cell line. The presence of these resistant cells could have a major impact on the successful ablation of tumors, thus stressing the need toidentify the physiological characteristics responsible fornsPEF tolerance.  Though couched in staid academic language, these words mark a crisis in the company's research agenda. When 10-20% of neuroblastoma cells, liver cancer cells, fibrosarcoma cells, and pancreatic cancer cells survive "even after the most intense" NPS exposure, the notion of NPS as a universal cancer treatment "platform" becomes absurd. Zapping away a fraction of a tumor won't do much good when the resistant remainder can rapidly grow back. Nor is there good reason to expect that Pulse researchers can quickly solve this problem; after all, as described in the paper, they already tested many possible explanations but failed to find one that fit the facts. Stepping back, it should come as no surprise that a tumor ablation modality that purportedly relies on apoptosis would falter. After all, in order to become cancerous in the first place, cells must be able to overcome natural checks on aberrant growth, including apoptosis; as tumors grow, pro-apoptotic mechanisms tend to weaken and fail (21). By contrast, it's difficult for cells to resist physical interventions like freezing temperatures or scalpels. There is thus good reason to believe that the latest finding of Pulse's own research - that many cells, both healthy and cancerous, cannot be killed by NPS - will stand the test of time and render its technology worthless. V. Conclusion Pulse is a tiny company that has made virtually no progress toward commercializing a technology that barely seems to work in the first place - yet, the market is pricing it as if it were already 13x more valuable than its closest peer. In the years to come, the company will need to repeatedly raise capital to cover its cash outflows as it attempts to inch closer to becoming a real business. But we believe this money will be wasted: Pulse's NPS technology is simply too similar to NanoKnife's irreversible electroporation to gain much traction, especially when the best available evidence reveals NPS to be ineffective and unreliable. These nanosecond pulses deserve a nanocap valuation, at least 90% lower than where Pulse trades today. References 1. Improved Local and Systemic Anti-Tumor Efficacy for Irreversible Electroporation in Immunocompetent versus Immunodeficient Mice. Neal, Robert E. II, et al. 5, May 2013, PLoS ONE, Vol. 8, p. e64559. 2. Irreversible Electroporation Fails to Demonstrate Efficacy in a Prospective Multicenter Phase II Trial on Lung Malignancies: The ALICE Trial. Ricke, Jens, et al. 2, 2015, Cardiovasc Intervent Radiol, Vol. 38, pp. 401-8. 3. A Randomized Trial Comparing Radiofrequency Ablation and Surgical Resection for HCC Conforming to the Milan Criteria. Huang, Jiwei, et al. 6, December 2010, Annals of Surgery, Vol. 252, pp. 903-912. 4. First-in-human trial of nanoelectroablation therapy for basal cell carcinoma: proof of method. Nuccitelli, Richard, et al. 2014, Experimental Dermatology, Vol. 23, pp. 130-142. 5. Selective susceptibility to nanosecond pulsed electric field (nsPEF) across different human cell types. Gianulis, Elena C., et al. 2017, Cellular and Molecular Life Sciences, Vol. 74, pp. 1741-1754. 6. Focal irreversible electroporation for prostate cancer: functional outcomes and short-term oncological control. Ting, F, et al. March 2016, Prostate Cancer and Prostatic Diseases, Vol. 19, pp. 46-52. 7. High-Frequency Irreversible Electroporation: Safety and Efficacy of Next-Generation Irreversible Electroporation Adjacent to Critical Hepatic Structures. Siddiqui, Imran A., et al. 2017, Surgical Innovation, pp. 1-8. 8. Calcium-Mediated Pore Expansion and Cell Death Following Nanoelectroporation. Pakhomova, Olga N., et al. 2014, Biochimica et Biophysica Acta, Vol. 1838, pp. 2547-2554. 9. Westhoff, Mike-Andrew, Marschall, Nicolas and Debatin, Klaus-Michael. Novel Approaches to Apoptosis-Inducing Therapies. [ed.] Christopher D. Gregory. Apoptosis in Cancer Pathogenesis and Anti-Cancer Therapy. 2016, pp. 173-204. 10. Thermal Albation of Tumours: Biological Mechanisms and Advances in Therapy. Chu, Katrina F. and Dupuy, Damian E. March 2014, Nature Reviews Cancer, Vol. 14, pp. 199-208. 11. Cryo-Immunology: A Review of the Literature and Proposed Mechanisms for Stimulatory versus Suppressive Immune Responses. Sabel, Michael S. 2009, Cryobiology, Vol. 58, pp. 1-11. 12. Harnessing the Immunomodulatory Effect of Thermal and Non-Thermal Ablative Therapies for Cancer Treatment. Bastianpillai, Christopher, et al. 12, September 2015, Tumor Biology, Vol. 36, pp. 9137-9146. 13. Immunogenic Cell Death in Cancer and Infectious Disease. Galluzzi, Lorenzo, et al. 2017, Nature Reviews Immunology, Vol. 17, pp. 97-111. 14. Antitumor Effect after Radiofrequency Ablation of Murine Hepatoma Is Augmented by an Active Variant of CC Chemokine Ligand 3/Macrophage Inflammatory Protein-1ɑ. Iida, Noriho, et al. 2010, Cancer Research, Vol. 70, pp. 6556-6565. 15. Immune Adjuvant Activity of Pre-Resectional Radiofrequency Ablation Protects against Local and Systemic Recurrence in Aggressive Murine Colorectal Cancer. Ito, Fumito, et al. November 2015, PLoS One. 16. Effects of high-intensity focused ultrasound in the treatment of experimental neuroblastoma. Yang, Rong, et al. 2, 1992, Journal of Pediatric Surgery, Vol. 27, pp. 246-251. 17. Thermal and Mechanical High-Intensity Focused Ultrasound: Perspectives on Tumor Ablation, Immune Effects and Combination Strategies. van den Bijgaart, Renske J.E., et al. 2, 2017, Cancer Immunology, Immunotherapy, Vol. 66, pp. 247-258. 18. Irreversible Electroporation versus Radiofrequency Ablation: A Comparison of Local and Systemic Effects in a Small-Animal Model. Bulvik, Baruch E., et al. 2, August 2016, Radiology, Vol. 280, pp. 413-424. 19. In vitro and in vivo evaluation and a case report of intense nanosecond pulsed electric field as a local therapy for human malignancies. Gardon, Edward B., et al. 2007, Int. J. Cancer, Vol. 121, pp. 675-682. 20. Consensus for Nonmelanoma Skin Cancer Treatment: Basal Cell Carcinoma, Including a Cost Analysis of Treatment Methods. Kauvar, Arielle N.B., et al. 5, May 2015, Dermatol Surg, Vol. 41, pp. 550-571. 21. Radiation-Induced Cell Death Mechanisms. Eriksson, David and Stigbrand, Torgny. 2010, Tumor Biol, Vol. 31, pp. 363-372. 22. Study of Apoptosis and Heat Shock Protein (HSP) Expression in Hepatocytes Following Radiofrequency Ablation (RFA). Rai, R., et al. 1, November 2005, Journal of Surgical Research, Vol. 129, pp. 147-151. End Notes  Pulse 2016 10-K, p. 3. Pulse 2016 prospectus, p. 27. See AngioDynamics FY 2009 10-K, p. 4. See e.g. Pulse 2016 10-K, p. 6. By the time of its 2016 Q3 10-Q, Pulse began to refer to its technology as "Nano-Pulse Stimulation" However, previously it used the term "Nano-Pulse Electro-Signaling" (NPES), while academic papers generally say "nanosecond pulsedelectric field" (nsPEF). These terms are all synonymous. Pulse 2016 prospectus, p. 1. Pulse 2016 prospectus, p. 38. See AngioDynamics FY 2009 10-K, p. 4. 2008 is when the purchase closed; it was announced earlier, in 2006. See e.g. Barclays Capital's AngioDynamics initiation report dated February 8, 2017, p. 12 ("A primary challenge for NanoKnife currently is obtaining reimbursement and ANGO believes more studies and clinical data could help that. While it has country approvals and a DRG code in Germany, ANGO continues to seek CMS and NICE (UK) reimbursement for NanoKnife procedures"). See e.g. determinations by Aetna, Priority Health, BCBS of Arizona, BCBS of Florida, and BCBS of Alabama. Cantor Fitzgerald on AngioDynamics, November 3, 2016, p. 1. See AngioDynamics August 5, 2015, presentation, slide 21. Earnings call transcripts obtained via Capital IQ. See AngioDynamics October 15, 2015, presentation, slide 18. Cantor Fitzgerald has estimated that current NanoKnife revenues are $16 million. See initiation piece, November 3, 2016, p. 2. See Pulse March 28, 2016, presentation, slide 17. See Gianulis et al. 2017's acknowledgements: "This work was supported by a Grant from Pulse Biosciences Inc..."  

Disclosure: I am/we are short PLSE. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Additional disclosure: Please read our disclaimer at kerrisdalecap.com/legal-disclaimer-3.About this article:ExpandTagged: Investing Ideas, Short Ideas, Healthcare, Medical Appliances & Equipment, Editors' PicksWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Kerrisdale Capital Management and get email alerts









Contact | Pulse Biosciences


















contact
For more information about Pulse Biosciences, Inc., please feel free to call us or submit the form below.




company information:* required field

Company Name:* 



First Name:* 



Last Name:* 



Phone Number:* 



Email:* 



message:* 






 
Pulse Biosciences, Inc.
 
3957 Point Eden Way
Hayward, California 94545
Tel: 510.906.4600
 









Home | Pulse Biosciences



















Pulse Biosciences, Inc.
A development-stage medical device company using a novel and proprietary platform technology called Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS).



Our Technology

            The NPS pulses are applied directly to tissue, creating a transient opening of small pores in cell and organelle membranes. We have found that by controlling this disruption of the cellular organelles, we can direct the cellular response quite specifically.
read more >




News & Events

            To learn more about our technology and review the latest press releases please visit our news and events page. 

Now Hiring
View all job positions >

Click below to view all news.
read more >



About Us

            We believe we will establish NPS as a new treatment modality across a variety of applications, including oncology, dermatology, and other minimally invasive applications where current ablation modalities do not provide the benefits of NPS. 
read more >










Pulse Biosciences | Pulse Biosciences


















Pulse Biosciences
Pulse Biosciences is a development-stage medical device company using a novel and proprietary platform technology called Nano-Pulse Stimulation or NPS.

 
NPS is a local and drug-free technology that utilizes nanosecond pulsed electric fields to induce cell signaling and the activation of cellular pathways in tissue. We believe that NPS can induce a variety of cellular responses including secretion, apoptosis and necrosis by modulating the NPS pulses, making it applicable to a wide variety of cell types and therapeutic applications. One of the more promising applications of NPS is the treatment of solid tumors, where pre-clinical data have shown that NPS provides effective local tumor control and initiates an adaptive immune response with a vaccine-like effect by inducing immunogenic apoptosis of the cells. We believe we will establish NPS as a new treatment modality across a variety of applications, including oncology, dermatology, and other minimally invasive applications where current ablation modalities do not provide the benefits of NPS.


 
 
 
One of the more promising applications of NPS is the treatment of solid tumors, where pre-clinical data have shown that NPS provides effective local tumor control and initiates an adaptive immune response.








Code of Business Conduct and Ethics | Pulse Biosciences


















Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Introduction
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (“Pulse”) is committed to maintaining the highest standards of business conduct and ethics. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (“Code”) reflects the business practices and principles of behavior that support this commitment, and is designed to deter wrongdoing and promote the standards set forth within. This Code does not address every issue that may arise in the course of your work, but it sets out basic principles and standards applicable to all Pulse employees, officers, directors, temporary agency personnel and contract personnel on a worldwide basis (“Pulse Personnel”) who must conduct themselves in accordance with this Code and seek to avoid even the appearance of improper behavior, and is designed to deter wrongdoing and promote the standards set forth within. We expect all Pulse Personnel to read and understand the Code and its application to the performance of his or her business responsibilities.
Officers, managers, and other supervisors are expected to develop in employees a sense of commitment to the letter and spirit of the Code. Supervisors are also expected to ensure that all agents and contractors conform to Code standards when working for or on behalf of Pulse. The compliance environment within each supervisor’s assigned area of responsibility will be a factor in evaluating the quality of that individual’s performance. In addition, any Pulse Personnel who makes an exemplary effort to implement and uphold our legal and ethical standards will be recognized for that effort in his or her performance review.
This Code covers a wide range of business practices and procedures and is designed to encourage good behavior and promote the standards set forth below. It is intended to advise Pulse Personnel of situations that could possibly result in non-compliance with applicable laws, rules or regulations. While strict compliance by Pulse Personnel with applicable legal requirements is not a new policy, this Code is intended to establish a framework for compliance. This Code does not include all of Pulse’s practices that are designed to achieve compliance with legal and ethical requirements, as Pulse maintains and implements other policies and procedures that are intended to supplement the Code. Pulse Personnel are also subject to other agreements, such as confidentiality and non-competition agreements, and agreements to protect our intellectual property.
From time to time we may adopt additional policies and procedures with which Pulse Personnel are expected to comply, if applicable to them. However, it is the responsibility of each person to apply common sense, together with his or her own highest personal ethical standards, in making business decisions where there is no stated guideline in the Code. If a Pulse Personnel is uncertain about a course of action, he or she should consult the Compliance Officer or Pulse’s outside legal counsel (“Counsel”). To the extent that there is any conflict between a national, state or local law, rule or regulation and a policy in this Code, you must comply with the applicable law or regulation; however, if a local custom or policy conflicts with this Code, you must comply with this Code.
If you have any questions about these conflicts, you should ask Pulse’s Compliance Officer or the Counsel.
Action by members of your immediate family, significant others or other persons who live in your household or are dependent on you for their well-being (referred to in the Code as “Family Members”) also may potentially result in ethical issues to the extent that they involve Pulse’s business. For example, acceptance of inappropriate payments or gifts by a Family Member from one of our suppliers could create a conflict of interest and result in a Code violation attributable to you. Consequently, in complying with the Code, you should consider not only your own conduct, but also that of your immediate Family Members, significant others and other persons who live in your household.
YOU SHOULD NOT HESITATE TO ASK QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER ANY CONDUCT MAY VIOLATE THE CODE, VOICE CONCERNS, OR CLARIFY GRAY AREAS. SECTION xx BELOW DETAILS THE COMPLIANCE RESOURCES AVAILABLE TO YOU. IN ADDITION, YOU MUST BE ALERT TO POSSIBLE VIOLATIONS OF THE CODE BY OTHERS AND REPORT SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS, WITHOUT FEAR OF ANY FORM OF RETALIATION, AS FURTHER DESCRIBED IN SECTION
1. Corporate Integrity
It is the policy of Pulse to promote high standards of integrity by conducting our affairs in an honest and ethical manner. The integrity and reputation of Pulse depends on the honesty, fairness and integrity brought to the job by each person associated with us. Unyielding personal integrity is the foundation of corporate integrity. This responsibility cannot be delegated or assumed by Pulse or any supervisor.
2. Conflicts of Interest
Your decisions and actions during your employment with Pulse should be based on the best interests of Pulse, and not personal relationships or benefits. A “conflict of interest” exists when a person’s private interests interfere, or appear to interfere, with the interests of Pulse. You must avoid any private interest that may influence your ability to act in the interests of Pulse or that may make it difficult for you to perform your work objectively. There are many types of conflicts of interest—the following are some common examples:

• Outside Employment. Pulse strongly discourages outside employment.  You may not have outside employment or business dealings with any of the following: (i) any organization that prepares, audits or certifies statements or documents pertinent to our business and financial accounts, and (ii) our current and potential clients, competitors, vendors and suppliers.
• Financial Interests. No Pulse Personnel may obtain improper benefits or favors because of his or her position with Pulse.  Further, no Pulse Personnel may have a financial interest, either directly or through a Family Member, in a business enterprise if that interest affects the performance of their duties or conflicts with the interests of Pulse. 
• Corporate Opportunity. No person may use Pulse property or information, or his or her position with Pulse, to secure a personal business opportunity or a business opportunity for a Family Member. If you discover a business opportunity through the use of Pulse property, information, or through your position at Pulse, you must first present the opportunity to Pulse before pursuing the opportunity in your individual capacity. 
• Service on Boards or Committees. No Pulse Personnel may serve on a board of directors or trustees or on a committee of any entity whose interests could be expected to conflict with those of Pulse. Pulse Personnel must obtain approval from the Compliance Officer before accepting any such position. Community participation by Pulse Personnel is considered important, however, Pulse also encourages those planning on participating in a charitable or other community organization to consult with the Compliance Officer before taking a service or board position with those types of entities.
• Fees and Honorariums. With prior approval, Pulse personnel acting in their capacity as a representative of Pulse, may give lectures, conduct seminars, publish articles in books or engage in any other similar activity for which he or she may be paid a fee or honorarium. However, any fees, honorariums or reimbursements must be transferred to Pulse unless written approval is given to retain them.

A conflict of interest will sometimes develop accidentally and is not always easy to identify. If you feel you have a conflict, you must disclose it to the Compliance Officer; further, any potential conflicts must be identified in connection with your annual review of this Code. Finally, if you observe a situation that you believe to be a conflict, you must report that as well.
3. Insider Trading
Pulse Personnel with access to confidential non-public information are not permitted to use or share that information for stock trading purposes. Pulse Personnel and their Family Members may not a) trade in stock or other securities while in possession of material nonpublic information or b) pass on material nonpublic information to others without express authorization by Pulse or recommend to others that they trade in stock or other securities based on material non-public information. Violation of this section of the Code and other policies about insider trading may result in a violation of securities laws and potentially exposes Pulse Personnel and Pulse to significant legal fines and imprisonment. All Pulse Personnel should consult the insider trading policy of Pulse and discuss all proposed transactions in Pulse securities with the Compliance Officer or Counsel before they are undertaken.
4. Competition and Fair Dealing
Pulse seeks to compete fairly and honestly.  Pulse Personnel should endeavor to respect the rights of and deal fairly with our customers, suppliers, competitors and employees.  No Pulse Personnel should take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other intentional unfair-dealing practice.
The purpose of business entertainment and gifts in a commercial setting is to create good will and sound working relationships, not to gain unfair advantage with customers. The basic principal is that no gift or entertainment may be accepted or provided if it obligates you, or appears to obligate you, to the individual receiving or giving the gift or entertainment. Unless approved in advance by the Compliance Officer, government officials of the United States, the states and municipalities and officials of foreign governments at all levels should not be entertained in any special manner or given any gifts. No gift or entertainment should ever be offered, given, provided or accepted by any Pulse Personnel, Family Member or agent unless it: (1) is not a cash gift, (2) is consistent with customary business practices, (3) is not excessive in value, (4) cannot be construed as a bribe or payoff, and (5) does not violate any laws or regulations.  Please discuss with the Compliance Officer any gifts or proposed gifts which you are not certain are appropriate to give or receive.
Pulse also has strict rules concerning contractual agreements. All terms of our business agreements must be expressed in an approved form of contract or purchase order.Informal commitments to customers are strictly prohibited; these kinds of commitments might be made in a face to face conversation, a telephone call, or an email.  Therefore, persons must be careful to use only our approved forms of contracting and not to unintentionally modify a written and approved contract, purchase order or other agreement.  
5. Respecting Others
Pulse is committed to fostering an inclusive workplace where talented people want to stay and develop their careers and advance the scientific area in which we operate.  Supporting a diverse, engaged workforce allows us to be successful in building trust, empowering teams, and outperforming our peers and competitors.
Pulse requires the Pulse Personnel to act with mutual respect and give professional treatment to others in our workplace. Teamwork is essential to our future, and nothing damages a team more quickly than a lack of mutual respect. Pulse Personnel share a mutual responsibility to keep one another informed of any information that may be important to everyone’s job performance and understanding our business and goals.
Pulse recognizes your right to form personal relationships with those you meet in the workplace; however, you are expected to use good judgment to ensure your personal relationships do not negatively affect your job performance or interfere with your or our ability to supervise Pulse Personnel. Favoritism, open displays of affection and making business decisions based on emotions or personal relationships are inappropriate. Situations that involve borrowing money or making loans between Pulse Personnel or involving Family Members must be avoided, unless it is a minimal amount. Similarly, exceptional gifts and entertainment between and among Pulse Personnel can create conflicts and such situations should be avoided. Use your good judgment to act respectfully to one another.
6. Discrimination and Harassment
The diversity of the Pulse’s Personnel is a tremendous asset.  Pulse is firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and strictly prohibits any form of harassment in the workplace on the basis of a protected characteristic, such as race, religion, creed, color, sex, age, marital status, national origin, sexual orientation, citizenship status, Vietnam-era or disabled veteran status, medical condition or physical or mental disability. We will promptly take appropriate action to prevent and discipline behavior that violates this policy.
Pulse will not tolerate any form of harassment. Harassment can be verbal, physical or include visual images or behaviors that have the effect of creating an offensive atmosphere. It can take many forms and includes pictures, drawings, cartoons, jokes, slurs and offensive remarks, whether delivered verbally, graphically or in electronic media, including email.  Offensive behavior and remarks may involve inappropriate remarks about a person’s race, color, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, national origin and other legally protected status.  Sexual harassment may include; intentional or unintentional, unwelcome sexual advances with or without touching, coerced sexual acts, requests or demands for sexual favors or other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature. Our policy against harassment applies in all work-related settings and activities, whether on or off company premises. It also extends to Pulse Personnel interactions with our supplies, vendors, clinical participants and other with which Pulse acts. Therefore, think before you speak or act; be careful about what you say and do, where you say or do something, when you say or do something and your objective in something you say or your actions, which might be received as inappropriate or as harassment.
7. Health and Safety
Pulse strives to provide a safe and healthy work environment.  Each employee has responsibility for maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for all Pulse Personnel by following safety and health rules and practices and reporting accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment, practices or conditions.
Violence and threatening behavior are not permitted. Pulse Personnel should report to work in condition to perform their duties, free from the influence of illegal drugs or alcohol.  The use of illegal drugs and alcohol in the workplace will not be tolerated.
Pulse Personnel many not bring weapons onto Pulse property or to Pulse sponsored events. This includes weapons used for sporting purposes or otherwise, whether or not you have a license to carry or use the weapons. Weapons of any kind have no place in the work environment.
Pulse Personnel should be alert to individuals who are on Pulse property without proper authorization. Make sure you observe all physical access rules in your location and report incidents of unauthorized entry to your manager or to security personnel.
8. Financial Integrity
Accurate and reliable financial and business records are of critical importance in meeting Pulse’s financial, legal, and business obligations. You must complete all Pulse documents accurately, truthfully, and in a timely manner, including all travel and expense reports. The making of false or misleading entries, records, reports or documentation is strictly prohibited.
We are required to disclose accurate and complete information regarding Pulse and the results of our operations. It is Pulse policy to make full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in all documents that Pulse provides to investors, government agencies, and in all other public communications made by Pulse.
Dishonest or inaccurate reporting can lead to civil or even criminal liability for you and Pulse and can lead to a loss of public faith in Pulse. Anyone who believes that a violation of law or a failure of compliance has occurred, or is occurring, has a duty to report such information to the General Counsel or to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
9. Confidentiality
Pulse Personnel must maintain the confidentiality of confidential information entrusted to them by Pulse.  Confidential information includes all non-public information regarding Pulse, such as our research activities and results of our research and development, our past, current and intended technologies, our patents, our know-how, and the conduct and results of any clinical trials as well as, in the case of human subjects, the particulars about participants in those trials. Confidential information also includes information about our licensors and licensees, our suppliers and our customers. Additionally, you should not discuss the private affairs of your co-workers and their work histories. Our employees are subject to non-competition, confidentiality, inventions and secrets provisions in separate agreements, which must be strictly followed.  The obligation to preserve confidential information continues even after employment ends.
10. Protection and Proper Use of Pulse Assets
Pulse Personnel should endeavor to protect all of our assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness, and waste have a direct impact on Pulse’s profitability.  Pulse equipment should not be used for non-company business, though incidental personal use may be permitted.
The obligation of Pulse Personnel to protect our assets includes protecting its proprietary information. Proprietary information includes intellectual property such as trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and copyrights, as well as business, marketing and service plans, engineering and manufacturing ideas, designs, databases, records, salary information and any unpublished financial data and reports. Unauthorized use or distribution of this information would violate this Code and other policies of Pulse as well as employment related agreements. It could also be illegal. This behavior may result in dismissal and result in civil or criminal penalties.
9. Working with Government Personnel
Pulse from time to time may work with government agencies in different capacities, such as the approval process for our technologies, licensing of our technologies, patent prosecutions, and government grants. While you must follow the standards of doing what is right with any party with which Pulse has concourse, there are special rules with doing business with a government and its officials.
The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits giving anything of value (including gifts, meals, entertainments or other benefits), directly or indirectly, to officials and their Family Members of foreign governments or foreign political candidates in order to obtain or retain business.  Pulse Personnel are strictly prohibited from making illegal payments to government officials of any country.
In addition, the U.S. government has a number of laws and regulations regarding business gratuities which may be accepted by U.S. government personnel. The promise, offer or delivery to an official or employee of the U.S. government of a gift, favor (which can include a promise to do something) or other gratuity in violation of these rules would not only violate Pulse policy but could also be a criminal offense.  State and local governments, as well as foreign governments, may have similar rules. Pulse’s Counsel can provide guidance to you in this area.
You also must not accept or present anything if it obligates you, or appears to obligate you, to do something for any government official or other person. Don’t attempt to avoid laws by making payments to or through third parties: be cautious when selecting or dealing with agents and third-party providers. Never make any payment that you do not record on the Pulse books and records. Never issue invoices or charges that are inaccurate, incorrect or unauthorized.
Pulse Personnel are expected to cooperate with government officials in investigations and audits. Do not avoid, contravene or otherwise interfere with any government investigation or audit, and do not destroy or alter any Pulse documents (whether electronic or paper) in anticipation of a request for those documents from a government body.
10.  Waivers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Waivers of this Code will be made only in rare situations. The waiver will ordinarily require the agreement of the Board of Directors of Pulse, and may have to be disclosed to the shareholders. Some waivers may only be permitted with the additional compliance of an applicable law.
11. Reporting any Illegal or Unethical Behavior
Pulse Personnel are strongly encouraged bring questions or concerns about what to do in a certain situation or if you believe someone is doing, or is about to do, something that violates the law, Pulse policies or this Code. Pulse Personnel should discuss observed illegal or unethical behavior with supervisors, managers or other appropriate personnel, such as the Compliance Officer.
Pulse Personnel may report a concern or report misconduct in good faith. Pulse has zero tolerance for acts of retaliation by Pulse Personnel against one another. Zero means zero – no one has the authority to justify any act of retaliation. Any Pulse Personnel who engages in retaliation will be subject to disciplinary action, which may include dismissal.
12. Compliance Procedures
We must all work to ensure prompt and consistent action against violations of the Code. However, in some situations it is difficult to know if a violation has occurred.  Since we cannot anticipate every situation that will arise, it is important that we have a way to approach a new question or problem. These are the steps to keep in mind:

• Make sure you have all the facts. In order to reach the right solutions, we must be as fully informed as possible.
• Ask yourself:  What specifically am I being asked to do?  Does it seem unethical or improper? This will enable you to focus on the specific question you are faced with, and the alternatives you have. Use your judgment and common sense; if something seems unethical or improper, it probably is.
• Clarify your responsibility and role. In most situations, there is shared responsibility. Are your colleagues informed? It may help to get others involved and discuss the problem.
• Discuss the problem with your supervisor. This is the basic guidance for all situations. In many cases, your supervisor will be more knowledgeable about the question, and will appreciate being brought into the decision-making process. Remember that it is your supervisor’s responsibility to help solve problems.
• Seek help from Pulse resources. In the rare case where it may not be appropriate to discuss an issue with your supervisor, or where you do not feel comfortable approaching your supervisor with your question, you may discuss the situation with either the Compliance Officer or Counsel. If you prefer to submit your concerns in writing, address them to:      Pulse Biosciences, Inc.     Attn: Chief Financial Officer     849 Mitten Road, Suite 104     Burlingame, California 94010
• You may report ethical violations in confidence and without fear of retaliation. If your situation requires that your identity be kept secret, your anonymity will be protected. Pulse does not permit retaliation of any kind against employees for good faith reports of ethical violations.

13. Investigations of Suspected Violations
 All reported violations of the Code will be promptly investigated and treated confidentially to the extent reasonably possible. Audits to monitor compliance will be conducted as commercially reasonable and necessary or as required by applicable law or regulation.
14. Discipline for Violations
Pulse will use every reasonable effort to prevent conduct not in compliance with the Code and to halt any such conduct as soon as possible after its discovery. Subject to applicable law and agreements, Pulse Personnel who violate this Code and other Pulse policies and procedures may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including discharge.
15. Remember
Ultimate responsibility to ensure that we as a company comply with the many laws, regulations and ethical standards affecting our business rests with each of us. You must become familiar with and conduct yourself strictly in compliance with those laws, regulations and standards and Pulse’s policies and guidelines pertaining to them.
download PDF of code of business conduct and ethics >




 



Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor and Analyst Conference Call | Business Wire
























































Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor and Analyst Conference Call




Investor conference call today at 1:30 p.m. PDT / 4:30 p.m. EDT






July 27, 2017 04:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time



HAYWARD, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: PLSE), a medical technology company 
      developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment based on its 
      Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS) platform today reports recent corporate 
      developments and financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.
    


Recent Developments



Initiation of clinical study in patients with Seborrheic Keratosis. Patient 
        enrollment and treatment is underway in the Company’s first clinical 
        study investigating NPS for the treatment of Seborrheic Keratosis 
        (SK), a benign skin lesion impacting over 80 million patients in the 
        United States.
      

PulseTxTM System 510(k) under review. The PulseTx 
        system is an NPS platform comprised of a tunable nanosecond pulse 
        generator and accompanying tissue applicators. The FDA 510(k) 
        submission made during the first quarter remains in the review process.
      


      “We continue to make meaningful and expedient progress toward our goal 
      of delivering NPS as a novel therapeutic option that could represent a 
      significant improvement over current treatments in a variety of 
      indications,” said Darrin Uecker, President and Chief Executive Officer 
      of Pulse Biosciences. “Following the initiation of our first indication 
      study applying the NPS technology for the treatment of SK lesions, we 
      remain confident in NPS’ potential to deliver a treatment benefit to 
      patients and clinicians across a variety of dermatologic conditions.”
    

Financial Highlights


Cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $15.4 million at 
      June 30, 2017, compared to $16.4 million at December 31, 2016, including 
      net cash use during 2017 totaling $6.0 million, and $3.5 million for the 
      second quarter of 2017.
    

Operating expenses for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, totaled 
      $6.2 million, compared to $3.2 million for the quarter ended March 31, 
      2017, and $2.3 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. The 
      operating expenses for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, include non-cash 
      stock-based compensation of $2.8 million, compared to $0.3 million for 
      the quarter ended March 31, 2017, and $0.2 million for the quarter ended 
      June 30, 2016.
    

Conference Call Details


      Pulse Biosciences’ Darrin Uecker, President and Chief Executive Officer, 
      and other senior executives will host the investor and analyst call on 
      July 27, 2017, at 1:30 p.m. PDT / 4:30 p.m. EDT. The telephone dial-in 
      number for the call is (844) 494-0190 (U.S. toll-free) or (508) 637-5580 
      (international) using Conference ID 52323044. Listeners will also be 
      able to access the call via webcast available on the Investors section 
      of the Company’s website at www.pulsebiosciences.com.
    

About Pulse Biosciences


      Pulse Biosciences is a medical technology company developing a 
      therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation, a 
      proprietary cell signaling technology. Nano-Pulse Stimulation is a 
      non-thermal, precise, focal drug-free tissue treatment technology that 
      directly affects the cell membrane and intracellular structures to 
      stimulate unique behaviors in cells. NPS can initiate a cell death 
      process that allows for the treatment of tissue cells with minimal 
      inflammatory response which improves healing outcomes and supports the 
      replacement of treated tissue cells with healthy tissue cells. In 
      cancerous lesions, NPS has been shown in preclinical models to induce 
      immunogenic cell death (ICD) exposing the unique antigens of the treated 
      cells to the immune system, resulting in the generation of cytotoxic 
      T-cells and the mounting of an adaptive immune response targeted against 
      those cells. Pulse Biosciences is investigating a variety of 
      applications for its technology that exploits the technology’s unique 
      biologic effect, including immuno-oncology, dermatology, and veterinary 
      medicine. More information is available at www.pulsebiosciences.com.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      All statements in this press release that are not historical are 
      forward-looking statements, including, among other things, statements 
      relating to Pulse Biosciences’ expectations regarding regulatory 
      clearance and the timing of FDA filings or approvals, the mechanism of 
      action of NPS treatments, current and planned future clinical studies, 
      other matters related to its pipeline of product candidates, future 
      financial performance and other future events. These statements are not 
      historical facts but rather are based on Pulse Biosciences’ current 
      expectations, estimates, and projections regarding Pulse Biosciences’ 
      business, operations and other similar or related factors. Words such as 
      “may,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “anticipate,” “predict,” 
      “potential,” “continue,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” 
      “believes,” “estimates,” and other similar or related expressions are 
      used to identify these forward-looking statements, although not all 
      forward-looking statements contain these words. You should not place 
      undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known 
      and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult or 
      impossible to predict and, in some cases, beyond Pulse Biosciences’ 
      control. Actual results may differ materially from those in the 
      forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including 
      those described in Pulse Biosciences’ filings with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission. Pulse Biosciences undertakes no obligation to 
      revise or update information in this release to reflect events or 
      circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available.
    





           
        





           
        







PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.




Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets




(Unaudited)
















           
        







June 30,


           
        

December 31,





(in thousands)





2017




2016




ASSETS
















          Current assets:
        















          Cash and investments
        



          $
        

          15,399
        





          $
        

          16,395
        





          Prepaid expenses and other current assets
        





          717
        

           
        





          268
        

           
        



          Total current assets
        





          16,116
        







          16,663
        





          Leasehold improvements and equipment, net of
        















          Accumulated depreciation
        





          2,730
        







          317
        





          Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization
        





          6,210
        







          6,543
        





          Goodwill
        





          2,791
        







          2,791
        





          Other assets
        





          101
        

           
        





          -
        

           
        



          Total assets
        



          $
        

          27,948
        

           
        



          $
        

          26,314
        

           
        















           
        



LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
















          Current liabilities:
        















          Accounts payable
        



          $
        

          851
        





          $
        

          265
        





          Accrued expenses
        





          818
        







          751
        





          Deferred rent, current
        





          303
        

           
        





          -
        

           
        



          Total current liabilities
        





          1,972
        







          1,016
        





          Long term liabilities:
        















          Deferred rent
        





          1,816
        

           
        





          -
        

           
        



          Total liabilities
        





          3,788
        

           
        





          1,016
        

           
        



          Stockholders’ equity:
        















          Common stock
        





          46,150
        







          37,911
        





          Accumulated other comprehensive loss
        





          (6
        

          )
        





          (7
        

          )
        



          Accumulated deficit
        





          (21,984
        

          )
        





          (12,606
        

          )
        



          Total stockholders’ equity
        





          24,160
        

           
        





          25,298
        

           
        



          Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity
        



          $
        

          27,948
        

           
        



          $
        

          26,314
        

           
        







           
        





PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.




Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations




(Unaudited)








           
        







Three-Month Periods Ended








June 30,


           
        

March 31,


           
        

June 30,





(in thousands, except per share amounts)





2017




2017




2016




          Revenue
        



          $
        

          —
        

           
        



          $
        

          —
        

           
        



          $
        

          —
        

           
        



          Operating expenses:
        





















          General and administrative
        





          3,772
        







          1,220
        







          642
        





          Research and development
        





          2,282
        







          1,851
        







          1,453
        





          Amortization of intangible assets
        



           
        

          167
        

           
        



           
        

          166
        

           
        



           
        

          166
        

           
        



          Total operating expenses
        



           
        

          6,221
        

           
        



           
        

          3,237
        

           
        



           
        

          2,261
        

           
        



          Other income:
        





















          Interest income
        



           
        

          41
        

           
        



           
        

          39
        

           
        



           
        

          3
        

           
        



          Total other income
        



           
        

          41
        

           
        



           
        

          39
        

           
        



           
        

          3
        

           
        



          Net loss
        



          $
        

          (6,180
        

          )
        



          $
        

          (3,198
        

          )
        



          $
        

          (2,258
        

          )
        



          Net loss per share:
        





















          Basic and diluted net loss per share
        



          $
        

          (0.43
        

          )
        



          $
        

          (0.23
        

          )
        



          $
        

          (0.23
        

          )
        



          Weighted average shares used to compute net loss per common share — 
          basic and diluted
        



           
        

          14,233
        

           
        



           
        

          13,803
        

           
        



           
        

          9,791
        

           
        







           
        





PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.




Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations




(Unaudited)








           
        







Six-Month Periods Ended








June 30,


           
        

June 30,





(in thousands, except per share amounts)





2017




2016




          Revenue
        



          $
        

          —
        

           
        



          $
        

          —
        

           
        



          Operating expenses:
        















          General and administrative
        





          4,992
        







          1,170
        





          Research and development
        





          4,133
        







          2,443
        





          Amortization of intangible assets
        



           
        

          333
        

           
        



           
        

          332
        

           
        



          Total operating expenses
        



           
        

          9,458
        

           
        



           
        

          3,945
        

           
        



          Other income:
        















          Interest income
        



           
        

          80
        

           
        



           
        

          3
        

           
        







           
        

          80
        

           
        



           
        

          3
        

           
        



          Net loss
        



          $
        

          (9,378
        

          )
        



          $
        

          (3,942
        

          )
        



          Net loss per share:
        















          Basic and diluted net loss per share
        



          $
        

          (0.67
        

          )
        



          $
        

          (0.45
        

          )
        



          Weighted average shares used to compute net loss per common share — 
          basic and diluted
        



           
        

          14,019
        

           
        



           
        

          8,678
        

           
        






Contacts

      Pulse Biosciences, Inc.Investors:Brian DowSr. Vice 
      President and Chief Financial OfficerIR@pulsebiosciences.comorThe 
      Trout GroupMike Zanoni, 646-378-2924mzanoni@troutgroup.comorMedia:Sam 
      Brown, Inc.Hannah Hurdle, 805-601-5331hannahhurdle@sambrown.com




















Contacts

      Pulse Biosciences, Inc.Investors:Brian DowSr. Vice 
      President and Chief Financial OfficerIR@pulsebiosciences.comorThe 
      Trout GroupMike Zanoni, 646-378-2924mzanoni@troutgroup.comorMedia:Sam 
      Brown, Inc.Hannah Hurdle, 805-601-5331hannahhurdle@sambrown.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












Short Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Short IdeasDorel Industries Inc. - Turnaround Unlikely To Happen Any Time SoonEditors' Pick • DIIBF• Yesterday, 2:11 PM • Shahid Manzoor, CFAAMD: The Inside StoryAMD• Yesterday, 11:16 AM • The Structure Of Price•53 CommentsCan MassRoots Remain A Going Concern?MSRT• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:26 PM • Harlem and Stone•8 CommentsHow WebMD Got Locked Out Of The China MarketWBMD• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:10 PM • Entrepreneur Esq.Zion Oil & Gas - Drilling Dry Holes Til $0; Will Bankruptcy Court Or Extreme Dilution Get Them There First?Editors' Pick • ZN• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:30 AM • Fuzzy Panda Shorts•25 CommentsBuyer's Remorse Part III: PCM's Minority ReportPCMI• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:00 AM • Rota Fortunae•4 CommentsDryShips: Look Out BelowDRYS• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:52 PM • Bill Maurer•35 CommentsA Tesla Bull And Bear Debate: 50% Upside Or 50% Downside?TSLA• Tue, Jul. 25, 5:26 PM • Hedgeye•202 CommentsWayfair: It's Getting Much Less Crowded After The Recent Run UpW• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:56 PM • Dan Stringer•31 CommentsIs California Eliminating Incentives For All Teslas?TSLA• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:05 PM • Donn Bailey•145 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•19 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating User Growth And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•76 CommentsUnion Pacific: Driving Toward Our Worst-Case ValuationUNP• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:39 AM • Erik Kobayashi-Solomon•34 CommentsBuyer's Remorse Part II: The Pakistani Coup D'EtatPCMI• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:32 AM • Rota FortunaeThis Is Ground Control To Exchange Income, Your Equity Is CrashingEIFZF• Tue, Jul. 25, 5:19 AM • Bank On Insight•19 CommentsTesla: The 'Ludicrous' Demand Growth Of Model STSLA• Tue, Jul. 25, 2:39 AM • BEV Consulting•72 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•127 CommentsTesla's Attempts To Raid California Coffers Unlikely To Be FruitfulTSLA• Mon, Jul. 24, 7:36 PM • EnerTuition•178 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Mon, Jul. 24, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•56 CommentsNew Theme Park Puts Six Flags At RiskEditors' Pick • SIX• Mon, Jul. 24, 3:52 PM • ManBearChicken•4 CommentsThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•221 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Mon, Jul. 24, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•70 CommentsLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Mon, Jul. 24, 6:41 AM • Goddess Diogenes•18 CommentsAvoid Sears Stock Like The PlagueSHLD• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:36 AM • Christopher Yuen•65 CommentsHow To Value BitcoinBITCF, BTSC, COIN• Sat, Jul. 22, 4:04 AM • Silky Oak Capital•110 CommentsThe Short Case For WelbiltEditors' Pick • WBT• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Rational Short Investor•4 CommentsThe Short Case For Singapore Press HoldingsEditors' Pick • SGPRY, SGPRF• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Warren Chan•2 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•167 CommentsDump Cincinnati Bell On 2 Terrible AcquisitionsEditors' Pick • CBB, HCOM• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:39 AM • John Zhang•10 CommentsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•9 CommentsValue Trap: Adient Plc's Contradicting Growth OutlookADNT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:19 AM • Centaur Investments•5 CommentsWhy Fifth Street Senior Floating Is OvervaluedFSFR• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:43 PM • Nicholas Marshi•46 CommentsThe Short Case For HubspotEditors' Pick • HUBS• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:00 PM • Short Biased•4 CommentsInstalled Building Products: Expectations Seem Too HighIBP• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:25 PM • Michael BoydRevenues Aren't The Only Thing Falling At IBMIBM• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:01 PM • Marshall Thomas•14 CommentsDryShips' All-Time High - $1.47 Billion A Share?DRYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:49 AM • Research & Investment•49 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•136 CommentsNow Is Not The Time To Buy TeslaTSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:44 PM • Isaac Tang•68 CommentsCato Is An Easy Short, Even At 6x P/EEditors' Pick • CATO• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:32 PM • Vince Martin•8 CommentsApple's Long Bull Run May Be EndingAAPL• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:17 PM • Michael Blair•133 CommentsAkzo Nobel Gets New CEO But Little Will ChangeAKZOY, PPG• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:05 PM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•2 CommentsDo New Tesla Board Additions Signal Big Changes Ahead?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:38 AM • Donn Bailey•137 CommentsDryShips Shocks Market And Announces Reverse Stock SplitDRYS• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:39 AM • Morningsidepark•44 CommentsGet Short Hortonworks On Surprise Management ReshuffleHDP• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:34 AM • Henrik Alex•16 CommentsTesla Investors Swallow The Blue PillTSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:31 AM • Montana Skeptic•615 CommentsDryShips: Reverse Split = Sell!DRYS• Tue, Jul. 18, 6:45 PM • Bill Maurer•159 CommentsLook Twice Before Buying MagnaChipMX• Tue, Jul. 18, 4:59 PM • Kai Heller-Spencer•11 CommentsHerbalife: A Viable ShortHLF• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:08 PM • Brian Sanders•163 CommentsNetflix: Is Subscriber Growth Enough To Justify Valuation?NFLX• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:53 PM • Focus Equity•66 CommentsYes, Vera Bradley Still Is A ShortEditors' Pick • VRA• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:44 AM • Vince Martin•12 CommentsRestoration Hardware Discloses The #1 Controversial Share Buyback Of The YearEditors' Pick • RH• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:30 AM • Ioannis Tsoutsias, CFA•21 CommentsTesla Can Still Go LowerTSLA• Mon, Jul. 17, 6:25 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•230 CommentsGet Out Of Blue Apron, But Not Because Of AmazonAPRN• Mon, Jul. 17, 5:50 PM • Evan Buck•9 CommentsInvitation Homes Could Dip With Upcoming Lock-Up ExpirationINVH• Mon, Jul. 17, 3:55 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentTesla: More Musk Double TalkTSLA• Mon, Jul. 17, 3:03 PM • Bill Maurer•140 CommentsNational Beverage: Greater Fool Theory?FIZZ• Mon, Jul. 17, 2:31 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•96 Comments3D Systems - Still A ShortDDD• Mon, Jul. 17, 11:06 AM • CVC Research•12 CommentsApple AR Products To Impact Snap's Market ShareSNAP• Mon, Jul. 17, 9:00 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•47 CommentsNetflix: This Earnings Report, A Metric To Look For Beyond Subscription NumbersNFLX• Mon, Jul. 17, 4:26 AM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•28 CommentsLindsay Corporation: Shorts CapitulateEditors' Pick • LNN• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:53 AM • Michael Boyd•4 CommentsBusiness Under Pressure And Aggressive Accounting Suggests Gentex Has 40-80% Downside RiskEditors' Pick • GNTX• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:46 AM • Ben Axler•17 CommentsOcular's Poke In The Other EyeOCUL• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:26 AM • TripleGate•128 CommentsSupercharger Economics: Tesla Is In Dire Need Of A Major Course CorrectionTSLA• Fri, Jul. 14, 7:45 AM • EnerTuition•424 CommentsBetween A BlackRock And A Hard PlaceBLK• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:31 AM • Nathan Hayes•9 CommentsCyberArk Finally Falls Short Of ExpectationsCYBR• Fri, Jul. 14, 2:53 AM • Henrik Alex•10 CommentsSnap's Ghostface Chillah Meets Pets.Com's Sock PuppetSNAP• Thu, Jul. 13, 10:59 PM • Bull & Bear Trading•85 CommentsWhy My Subscribers Shorted Advance Auto Parts At $131AAP• Thu, Jul. 13, 1:46 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•28 CommentsTesla: Why Model 3 And Why Now?TSLA• Thu, Jul. 13, 12:49 PM • Donn Bailey•637 CommentsTesla: Where Are The Superchargers?TSLA• Thu, Jul. 13, 12:23 PM • Bill Maurer•266 CommentsRed River Report - The Downfall Of A Great Australian MinerEditors' Pick • EGRAF, EGRAY• Thu, Jul. 13, 10:54 AM • Timor Pony•3 CommentsSnap In RetrospectSNAP• Wed, Jul. 12, 4:29 PM • Focus Equity•38 CommentsIntel's Ho-Hum Strategy And Why It's Not Generating Any ReturnsINTC• Wed, Jul. 12, 1:35 PM • Alex Cho•45 CommentsDelcath Systems Share Price Has Risen Over 1000% In The Past Month On No News And Is Engaged In Death Spiral FinancingDCTH• Wed, Jul. 12, 11:04 AM • White Diamond Research•78 CommentsOcular Therapeutix Receives CRL: Creates Bonus Short OpportunityOCUL• Wed, Jul. 12, 10:53 AM • Long Term Bio•55 CommentsCleanspark, Inc.: Seriously Overvalued, With Troubling Technology And Valuation QuestionsCLSK• Wed, Jul. 12, 8:52 AM • Robert W Walter, Esq.123456...245Next Page





















Pulse Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:PLSE) Banking On FDA Approval | Insider Financial
 



















































































 







Insider Financial



Receive Real-Time Short-Term Momentum Stock AlertsNo spam. No Hidden Fees. Unsubscribe Anytime. 


































 




















 



Cannabis
Pulse Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:PLSE) Banking On FDA Approval



















 



By Jarrod Wesson  

Posted on March 29, 2017








  
Share
Tweet
Share
Share
Email
Comments



On March 14, 2017, medical technology Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:PLSE) (“Pulse”) submitted 510(k) to the FDA for its PulseTx™ System. The market expects that this company will make a lot of money if the product is successful, since the share price has not stopped climbing from the IPO. We also believe that if the FDA does not accept the PulseTx™ System, we will see a big correction take place in PLSE. Take a look at the chart. It’s been nothing but vertical for the stock this year.

In this article, we will try to throw some light on Pulse Biosciences. We will provide you some information about the technology as well as information about what the insiders are doing. Once you read this information, it is up to you to decide.
The Technology
PulseTx™ System uses a “therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS)“. The company explained the “Nano-Pulse Stimulation” concept in the following terms:
“NPS is a non-thermal drug-free tissue treatment technology that can stimulate unique behaviors in cells by applying ultra-short nanosecond duration electrical pulses that affect the cell membrane and intracellular structures. NPS can be used for tissue removal by inducing cell death in tissue cells with minimal inflammatory response, which improves healing and supports the replacement of treated tissue cells with healthy tissue cells. In preclinical cancer studies, NPS has been shown to induce immunogenic cell death, a cell death process that destroys the treated cells and exposes the tumor cell antigens to the immune system, resulting in the generation of cytotoxic T-cells and the mounting of an adaptive immune response targeted against the tumor cells.”
Source
I also found an explanatory video about this concept, filmed by Richard Nuccitelli, professor in the UC Davis College of Biological Sciences:

Source
The following is the poster that the research group of Pulse Biosciences presented to the Society of Immunotherapy of Cancer Annual Scientific Meeting in November 2016. This technology may be useful for the “treatment of tumor cell lines”:

Source
In the following poster, the company shows that the Nano-Pulse Stimulation may be also useful for the treatment of “murine melanomas that initiates an immune response and inhibits metastasis”:

Source
Finally, the company also presented a poster explaining “adaptive immune response to NPS”:

Source
Past developments of the company
The company is quite young, which is something that investors need to take into account. Investing in new share issues is in most cases riskier than investing in matured companies. The IPO happened in May, 2016. The company offered 5,000,000 shares to the public at a price of just $4.00 per share. In addition to this offering, the company granted the underwriters 750,000 shares. The book runners included MDB Capital Group and Feltl and Company.
The company did not issue a lot of information in the first part of 2016 apart from the appointment of Mr. Edward Ebbers as Vice President and General Manager of its dermatology products, and  Holly Hartman, Ph.D., J.D. as its Vice President, Business Development and Corporate Strategy. However, in October and November, 2016, Pulse presented new data and uses of the technology to the scientific community and it was from that time the stock commenced to climb. 


Pulse Biosciences Announces New Data That Reinforce Potential Immuno-Oncology Benefits of Nano-Pulse Stimulation Technology


Pulse Biosciences to Present New Data at the Society for Immunotherapy in Cancer Annual Meeting


Pulse Biosciences Announces First Clinical Use of the Proprietary PulseTx Platform in a Pilot Study in Dermatology


The most relevant press release that we found in 2017 was the application to the FDA, which we have already mentioned, and the fact that two executives of the firm, Robert Duggan and Dr. Maky Zanganeh had acquired a large shareholder interest in the company.
Conclusion
Readers need to understand that this is a new technology and the FDA still needs to approve it. The stock returns are exceptional, but the company is in an early stage. Therefore, it is very difficult to predict what will happen in the future. PLSE is one that we are monitoring closely. We will be updating our subscribers as soon as we know more. For the latest updates on PLSE, sign up below!
 


Sign up for next microcap runner ahead of the crowd.× 












 


Subscribe Now!






Disclosure: We have no position in PLSE and have not been compensated for this article.








GET NOTIFIED
                


Sign up
                    for our next MicroCap Runner ahead of the crowd!
                
We hate
                    spam. No Hidden Fees. Unsubscribe Anytime.
                




 Pulse Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:PLSE) Banking On FDA Approval










Related Items:



  
Share
Tweet
Share
Share
Email


4 Comments



			4 Comments		





 


Mark Lintner 

						March 29, 2017 at 5:08 pm											



Chris only covers under $10 stocks? Well, I’m glad you wrote the article Jarrod. I think we got $40 in the bag here down the road on PLSE. There is one puzzling thing though. I’ve never seen a stock run this much that was not at least 40% institutional owned. We got some Texas boys with a 13d. Some insider stuff, but no retail? Who is buying this? The street traders only? Burned shorts? In my now 23rd year of playing stocks, maybe I have seen 2 others like this that ran up mega huge and actually held with less than 5% institutional ownership. Putting that aside though, this nano volt technology to destroy tumors could be the way of the future in cancer therapy. Long term investors could see $200+. There is one thing to note though. They got some shares that will unlock in May. Stock could get shaky then. Time will tell. They burn through roughly 6 mil every 3 quarters or so. Seeking Alpha writers have been dogging this stock for awhile saying short it, since it was $15-$20. That advice turned out to be pretty stupid and painful. 



Reply







 


Jarrod Wesson 

						March 30, 2017 at 9:19 am											



Thanks Mark! The stock returns are exceptional! 
There is a lot of people making money here.
Let’s see what happens.



Reply







 


Mark Lintner 

						March 31, 2017 at 9:50 am											



See, if you get them angry enough they start whaling away. Grant it, saying short PLSE above $30 would of been an A+ move. However, SA said short PLSE at $15. So, you still get an F for that call guys. Those shorts at $15 got forced out over $30 and got wiped out for 100% losses. Isn’t it obvious now? They were the buyers above $30. Now, it’s going to $20. I give myself an F for saying $40, but an A+ for the long trade from $18.



Reply







 


Mark Lintner 

						April 5, 2017 at 9:04 pm											



If PLSE wants their stock back to $30+, it’s real simple. It doesn’t matter if the stock gets diluted. We are talking about destroying tumors. Put the data out showing those tumors are GONE and this stock will run up so much, shorts will be jumping out windows. Think that short from $15 to $35 was painful? You will see REAL pain later! Anything below $15, this stock is a Strong Buy again. Let them shake out this unlocking stuff. We may get as low as $10. So buy in little bits on way down. The one downside is for now you cannot hedge with put options. Normally, I buy the stock long and buy some long puts. If the stock drops more. Sell those long puts and take that profit to buy more of the stock long at lower prices. Some will short (sell to open) calls for a hedge. It’s possible if your a whale, you could write options for PLSE, but most folks can’t do that here. So you gotta play it this way. Say you want 2000 shares. Buy 200 share lots as it goes down 10 times for a total of 2000. Gets your average cost down. This stock is like gasoline as far as volatility. It could drop to $10 or sky rocket to $50 over the next 6 months. This is no joke. Totally serious folks. One or the other. It will not chart flatline between $15-18 for long. I guarantee it. Don’t be an idiot either and short it anymore. If you shorted it between $25-35. Start covering. Don’t be a moron. Good luck all.



Reply





Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 

 




 



Most Popular






  

 29.2K


 2




Cannabis
3 Ways Trump Immigration Order Is Affecting Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) And Others




Enter Symbol For Report








 



  

 23.7K


 15




Cannabis
Get Out Of Hemp Inc (OTCMKTS:HEMP) While You Can






  

 23.1K


 2




Cannabis
Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PTX) About To Be Bought Out?






  

 22.9K


 6




Cannabis
American Green Inc (OTCMKTS:ERBB) Banking On Green Rush 2.0




 











To Top



 



 















Sign up now for our FREE Small Cap Newsletter












Subscribe Now!








 






Sign up now for our FREE Small Cap Newsletter












Subscribe Now!








 






PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC. : Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits (form 8-K) | 4-Traders















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Nasdaq  >  Pulse Biosciences Inc    PLSE










     PULSE BIOSCIENCES INC (PLSE)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 07/27 09:59:59 pm

25.03
USD
 
-7.33%










07/27 PULSE BIOSCIENC : PLSE) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Finan..


07/27 PULSE BIOSCIENC : Quarterly Investor and Analyst Conference Call


07/12 PULSE BIOSCIENC : to Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call on July..

 







SummaryQuotesChartsNewsCalendarCompany News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets

















PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC. : Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits (form 8-K)



































0






07/27/2017 | 10:08pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





ITEM 2.02. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.
On July 27, 2017,  Pulse Biosciences, Inc. announced its financial results for
the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2017. A copy of the press release containing
the announcement is included as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by
reference.
This information, as well as Exhibit 99.1, is intended to be furnished under
Item 2.02 of Form 8-K, "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" and shall
not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor incorporated by reference in any
filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except
as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.
ITEM 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS




(d)              Exhibits.

 Exhibit No.     Description
99.1             Press Release issued by Pulse Biosciences, Inc. dated July 27, 2017
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------© Edgar Online, source Glimpses




















































0






 






Latest news on PULSE BIOSCIENCES INC




07/27 PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC. (NASDAQ : PLSE) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and F..

07/27 PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC. : Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financi..

07/27 PULSE BIOSCIENCES : Quarterly Investor and Analyst Conference Call

07/27 PULSE BIOSCIENCES INC : Investor Network: Pulse Biosciences, Inc. to Host Earnin..

07/13 PULSE BIOSCIENCES : 5 Top Medical Device Stocks on the NASDAQ Year-to-date

07/12 PULSE BIOSCIENCES : to Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call on July 27, 2017

06/06 PULSE BIOSCIENCES : Announces Treatment of First Patient in Study to Evaluate th..

06/01 PULSE BIOSCIENCES : Patent Issued for Methods and Devices for Stimulating an Imm..

06/01 PULSE BIOSCIENCES : Patent Issued for in Vivo Treatment of Skin Lesions by Elect..

05/19 PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC. (NASDAQ : PLSE) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or C..



More news




News from SeekingAlpha




07/27 Pulse Biosciences reports Q2 results

07/03 Midday Gainers / Losers

07/03 HEALTHCARE GAINERS / LOSERS AS OF 12 : 05 pm

06/13 Midday Gainers / Losers

05/09 Midday Gainers / Losers


 









 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•1 CommentCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsInteger Holdings Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesITGR• Yesterday, 5:16 PM • SA TranscriptsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•108 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•22 CommentsAstraZeneca Muddies The Water As Mystic FailsAZN• Yesterday, 3:55 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentGlaxo Runs Into Double Trouble In HIVGSK• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAMEDISYS Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMED• Yesterday, 3:23 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•102 CommentsKeryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKERX• Yesterday, 1:37 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Doubters Were WrongGILD• Yesterday, 1:27 PM • Jonathan Weber•29 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•2 CommentsNektar Therapeutics: Further Upside AheadNKTR• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Jonathan FaisonTetraphase Pharmaceuticals: IGNITE4 Data Igniting Share PriceTTPH• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Jonathan Faison•8 CommentsUltragenyx: An Interesting Company In The Rare Disease SpaceRARE• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Biopharmaceutical WolfJohnson & Johnson Takes Down Medtronic And AbbVieJNJ• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • DJ Habig•11 CommentsAstraZeneca: Pipeline WoesAZN• Yesterday, 10:34 AM • Long Term Bio•4 CommentsInvestors Get A Chance To Load Up On AmgenAMGN• Yesterday, 10:30 AM • Jonathan Weber•6 CommentsMystic Falls At The First HurdleAZN• Yesterday, 10:19 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentBiohaven Pivots To Take A Shot At MigraineBHVN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsCelgene Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCELG• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • SA TranscriptsAlexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesALXN• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsBoston Scientific Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBSX• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Reports Q2: Short- And Long-Term ConsiderationsAMGN• Yesterday, 9:44 AM • DoctoRx•31 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 27, 2017BMY, MRK, THERF• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsOpko: Contrarian Play On Positive UpdateOPK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • Avisol Capital Partners•30 CommentsWas The 'All Clear' Just Sounded On Gilead?GILD• Yesterday, 8:48 AM • Bret Jensen•50 CommentsWatch Out For Some Solid Action From Vertex Pharmaceuticals In 2017VRTX• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • Gaurao Bhade•4 CommentsABIOMED, Inc. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesABMD• Yesterday, 8:25 AM • SA TranscriptsGilead Sciences - There Is Still Much To Like About This Company And Its PriceGILD• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • The Value Investor•7 CommentsRoche Holding Ltd ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRHHBY• Yesterday, 7:48 AM • SA TranscriptsSucampo: A Shift Toward Rare DiseasesSCMP• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • ONeil Trader•1 CommentInvitae Set For Growth - Bret Jensen's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • NVTA• Yesterday, 6:57 AM • Bret Jensen•10 CommentsNow Is A Good Time To Buy Johnson & JohnsonJNJ• Yesterday, 5:59 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•25 CommentsVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVRTX• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:09 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsGilead Sciences, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•9 CommentsTeva: Walking Dead?TEVA• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:27 PM • Mehdi Zare•74 CommentsPfizer's Worrying TrendPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:16 PM • Searching For Value•19 CommentsKindred Bio Pounces On Feline Weight ManagementKIN• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:51 PM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsBiogen Q2 2017 Results: Few Steps In The Right DirectionBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:43 PM • HealthBloggerBiogen Positions Itself For The FutureBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:51 PM • Jonathan Weber•2 CommentsGlaxo Gets Out The AxeGSK• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:11 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsOlumiant Clot Signal Echoes Xeljanz ExperienceLLY• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:07 PM • EP VantagePetMed Express: $50 Looks Too High, But I've Been Wrong BeforeEditors' Pick • PETS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:45 PM • Vince Martin•17 CommentsPacira's Exparel Expansion Pain ContinuesPCRX• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:35 PM • EP VantagePfizer Doesn't Want To Be Left In the Dust Of Avastin BiosimilarPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:34 PM • Long Term Bio•2 CommentsExact Sciences Crushes Estimates AgainEXAS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:29 PM • Kirk Spano•110 CommentsVanda Pharmaceuticals: An Early Stage Bioscience ConsiderationVNDA• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:59 PM • Dr. Tran BioSci•2 CommentsSell Gilead Regardless Of Q2 ResultsGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:25 PM • Shock Exchange•145 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 26, 2017BMY, CUR, MRK• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:46 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•13 Comments2 Cheers For Biogen, Which May Be Good Enough To Allow AlphaBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:34 PM • DoctoRx•11 CommentsBuy The Dip In Reata PharmaceuticalsRETA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:28 PM • Jonathan FaisonPick up 9.5% YTM with Community Health Systems, February 2022 BondsCYH• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:25 PM • Randy Durig•4 CommentsBuying Abbott Near Its PeakABT• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:05 PM • Black Coral Research•11 Comments2 Small-Cap Biotechs To Put On Your RadarRDHL, BDSI• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:39 AM • Bret Jensen•23 CommentsPRA Health Sciences Set For A Quarterly Earnings Surprise - AgainPRAH• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:11 AM • Mike SiinoA Look At Amarin At $4AMRN• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:44 AM • Elephant Analytics•14 CommentsIntra-Cellular Therapies: Buy, Sell Or Hold?ITCI• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:33 AM • Bret Jensen•12 CommentsThermo Fisher Scientific Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMO• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:19 AM • SA TranscriptsIntegra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIART• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:15 AM • SA TranscriptsExpress Scripts, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesESRX• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:14 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentBaxter International Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBAX• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsOphthotech Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOPHT• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsSienna Biopharmaceuticals Expected To IPO On ThursdaySNNA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:06 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsGalmed Pharmaceuticals: Buy On WeaknessGLMD• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•19 CommentsMannKind: Assessing The Insurance Landscape For AfrezzaMNKD• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:22 PM • Spencer Osborne•77 CommentsADMA Biologics Follows Up On RI-002ADMA• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:17 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsHerbalife: Shareholders Should Take Profits NowHLF• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:06 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•40 CommentsEXACT Sciences Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEXAS• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:30 PM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMGN• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:02 PM • SA TranscriptsDon't Lose The Faith In ShireSHPG• Tue, Jul. 25, 5:33 PM • HealthBlogger•2 Comments'Sparks' A-Flyin'ONCE• Tue, Jul. 25, 5:28 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentCelgene: Gearing Up For New HighsCELG• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:36 PM • Taylor Dart•20 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 25, 2017CELG, NVCR, PFE• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:33 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•4 Comments123456...469Next Page







	Baystreet.ca


































Login
Become a Member

View Desktop Site























































         Baystreet Staff - Thursday, July 27, 2017
Investor Network: Pulse Biosciences, Inc. to Host Earnings Call







[ACCESSWIRE]
NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / July 27, 2017 / Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: PLSE) will be discussing their earnings results in their Q2 Earnings Call to be held on Thursday, July 27, 2017 at 4:30 PM Eastern Time.To listen to the event live - visit https://www.investornetwork.com/company/40906.Replay InformationThe replay will be available online at https://www.investornetwork.com/company/40906.About Investor NetworkInvestor Network (IN) is a new financial content community, serving millions of unique investors market information, earnings, commentary and news on the what's trending. Dedicated to both the professional and the average traders, IN offers timely, trusted and relevant financial information for virtually every investor. IN is an Issuer Direct brand, to learn more or for the latest financial news and market information, visit www.investornetwork.com. Follow us on Twitter @investornetwork.SOURCE: Investor Network 









Get Small Cap Emails & Alerts




































Management Team | Pulse BiosciencesManagement TeamDarrin R. UeckerChief Executive Officer, President & DirectorDarrin R. Uecker has been our Chief Executive Officer and President and a Director since September 2015. Mr. Uecker has over 20 years of experience in the medical device field and is a named inventor on over 60 patents. Prior to Pulse Biosciences Mr. Uecker was the President and Chief Operating Officer of Progyny, Inc., Menlo Park, California, a company that developed EevaTM, the world’s first automated time-lapse system for embryo selection during in-vitro fertilization. Prior to that Mr. Uecker was the Chief Executive Officer and President and a Director of Gynesonics, Inc., Redwood City, California, a company that developed a novel medical device for the treatment of symptomatic uterine fibroids using ultrasound guided radiofrequency ablation. Mr. Uecker has served in a variety of executive level roles at CyperHeart, Inc., Conceptus, Inc., RITA Medical Systems, Inc., and Computer Motion, Inc. Mr. Uecker attended the University of California at Santa Barbara where he received a B.S. and M.S. in electrical and computer engineering.Brian B. DowSenior Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerBrian B. Dow has been our Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary since November 2015. Prior to joining Pulse Biosciences, Mr. Dow served as the Chief Financial Officer of Progyny, Inc. Prior to that Mr. Dow was the Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer of Pacific Biosciences of California (NASDAQ: PACB), a leading provider of next generation genetic sequencing instruments. Mr. Dow held a series of financial officer positions with Northstar Neuroscience, Inc. (NASDAQ: NSTR), a development stage medical device company, most recently serving as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to these roles Mr. Dow had 14 years of progressively-increasing responsibilities in financial management of publicly-traded companies and in public accounting as a manager with Ernst and Young. Mr. Dow is recognized as a licensed Certified Public Accountant in the State of Washington and holds a B.S. in Management from the Georgia Institute of Technology.Richard Nuccitelli, Ph.D.Chief Science OfficerRichard Nuccitelli, Ph.D. has been our Chief Science Officer since November, 2014. He was a Professor of Molecular and Cellular Biology at UC Davis for 23 years. He left UC Davis in 2001 to form BioElectroMed and was half-time Professor at Old Dominion University from 2004-2007 where he worked with Karl Schoenbach and Stephen Beebe on the use of nanosecond pulsed electric fields. He was elected Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1995 and Fellow in the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering in 2015. He has 134 publications and 7 patents. Dr. Nuccitelli has both an M.S. degree in Physics and a Ph.D. in Biological Sciences from Purdue University.Ed EbbersVice President and General Manager of DermatologyEd Ebbers joined Pulse Biosciences in August 2016 as Vice President and General Manager of the Dermatology franchise. Mr. Ebbers brings more than 35 years of senior leadership and general management experience with major dermatology, pharmaceutical and device brands including Zeltiq Aesthetics, Thermage, and Penederm Dermatologics. In these roles, he led worldwide product development, marketing and sales. At Pulse Biosciences, he manages the development of the dermatology franchise for the Company’s Nano-Pulse Stimulation technology. Mr. Ebbers holds a BBA from the University of Wisconsin, Eau Claire, and a MBA from the University of Minnesota, Carlson School of Management.Holly HartmanVice President, Business Development and Corporate StrategyHolly Hartman, Ph.D., J.D. joined Pulse Biosciences in August 2016 as Vice President, Business Development and Corporate Strategy. Dr. Hartman brings to Pulse Biosciences more than 15 years in scientific and financial roles in the life sciences industry. Prior to joining Pulse, Dr. Hartman served as Director, Business Development / External R&D / Strategy & Corporate Development at Amgen, where she helped to identify and evaluate strategic opportunities and partnerships for multiple therapeutic areas including oncology. Dr. Hartman has also held various positions in investment banking working on life sciences transactions. Dr. Hartman earned her Ph.D. in comparative pathology with an emphasis in immunopathology, J.D. and B.A. in zoology all from the University of California, Davis.David DanitzVice President of EngineeringDavid Danitz joined Pulse Bioscience in November 2015 as VP of Engineering. Mr. Danitz has nearly 20 years of medical device development experience and is the named inventor on over 30 US patents. Prior to Pulse Biosciences he held the position of Vice President, R&D - Custom Products at Earlens, where he led the development of a light-driven transducer that directly engaged the ear drum to generate sound. Before that, Mr. Danitz held the position of Vice President R&D for Gynesonics, where he led the development of the world’s first intrauterine ultrasound system with integrated RF ablation for an incisionless treatment of uterine fibroids. Mr. Danitz also served at Novare Surgical as Vice President of R&D where for 10 years his team brought medical devices to the market in the areas of cardiac, vascular, general, urologic and gynecologic surgery. Mr. Danitz has received several Medical Design Excellence Award’s. Mr. Danitz earned a BSME degree with high honors from the University of California at Santa Barbara, and a SMME degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
			Investors
		
			Stock Information 
					Stock Quote & Chart
				
			News & Events 
					Press Releases
				
					Events Calendar
				
			Financial Information 
					SEC Filings
				
			Corporate Governance 
					Governance Highlights
				
					Management Team
				
					Board of Directors
				
					Committee Composition
				
			Shareholder Services 
					Information Request
				
					E-mail Alerts
				 Print Page E-mail Page RSS Feeds E-mail Alerts Financial Tear Sheet     PLSE Stock Price & News - Pulse Biosciences Inc. - Wall Street Journal                                    DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA Futures ▲  21706 -0.17%        S&P 500 F ▲  2463.00 -0.36%        Stoxx 600 ▲  378.18 -1.08%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  -3/32 yield 2.325%        Crude Oil ▲  49.08 0.08%        Euro ▲  1.1707 0.26%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 28, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In               Pulse Biosciences Inc. PLSE (U.S.: Nasdaq)      search    View All companies           AT CLOSE 4:00 PM EDT 07/27/17     $25.03 USD     -1.98 -7.33%     Volume 222,141      AFTER HOURS 5:56 PM EDT 07/27/17    $25.50   0.47 1.88%    AFTER HOURS Vol 1,635      Volume 222,141     65 Day Avg Vol 261,015     1 Day Range 24.201 - 27.05     52 Week Range 4.347 - 39.50 (07/29/16 - 06/20/17)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Health Care/Life Sciences      Compare to    Add          Open  27.05   Prior Close  27.01 (07/26/17)     1 Day    PLSE -7.33%     DJIA 0.39%     Russell 2K -0.60%     Health Care/Life Sciences 0.00%                             Overview     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              News Pulse Biosciences Inc.PLSE   Significant News Only       15 hours ago Press Release   Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor and Analyst Conference Call   Press Release     19 hours ago Press Release   ( PLSE ) Investor Network: Pulse Biosciences, Inc. to Host Earnings Call   Press Release     07/21/17 Press Release   Congress Could Have Major Impact on Biotech Companies   Press Release     07/21/17 Press Release   Congress Could Have Major Impact on Biotech Companies   Press Release     07/11/17 Press Release   Pulse Biosciences to Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call on July 27, 2017   Press Release     06/06/17 Press Release   Pulse Biosciences Announces Treatment of First Patient in Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Novel Nano-Pulse Stimulation Technology for Seborrheic Keratosis Lesions   Press Release     05/19/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Pulse Biosciences Files 8K - Changes Exec Mgmt   Dow Jones Newswires     05/19/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Pulse Biosciences Files 8K - Other Events   Dow Jones Newswires     05/09/17 Press Release   Kerrisdale Capital Issues Negative Report on Pulse Biosciences, Inc. and Announces Conference Call   Press Release     05/04/17 Press Release   Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor Conference Call   Press Release     05/04/17 Press Release   ( PLSE ) Investor Network: Pulse Biosciences, Inc. to Host Earnings Call   Press Release     load more              Key Stock Data     ?    P/E Ratio (TTM) The Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period.  Earnings Per Share (TTM) A company's net income for the trailing twelve month period expressed as a dollar amount per fully diluted shares outstanding. Market Capitalization Reflects the total market value of a company. Market Cap is calculated by multiplying the number of shares outstanding by the stock's price. For companies with multiple common share classes, market capitalization includes both classes. Shares Outstanding Number of shares that are currently held by investors, including restricted shares owned by the company's officers and insiders as well as those held by the public. Public Float The number of shares in the hands of public investors and available to trade. To calculate, start with total shares outstanding and subtract the number of restricted shares. Restricted stock typically is that issued to company insiders with limits on when it may be traded. Dividend Yield A company's dividend expressed as a percentage of its current stock price.      Key Stock Data    P/E Ratio (TTM) N/A     EPS (TTM)  $-0.88      Market Cap $386.65 M     Shares Outstanding 13.32 M     Public Float 4.49 M     Yield PLSE has not issued dividends in more than 1 year.     Latest Dividend N/A     Ex-Dividend Date N/A       ?    Shares Sold Short The total number of shares of a security that have been sold short and not yet repurchased. Change from Last Percentage change in short interest from the previous report to the most recent report. Exchanges report short interest twice a month. Percent of Float Total short positions relative to the number of shares available to trade.      Short Interest (07/14/17)    Shares Sold Short 1.81 M     Change from Last  4.56%      Percent of Float 40.40%       ?    Money Flow Uptick/Downtick Ratio Money flow measures the relative buying and selling pressure on a stock, based on the value of trades made on an "uptick" in price and the value of trades made on a "downtick" in price. The up/down ratio is calculated by dividing the value of uptick trades by the value of downtick trades. Net money flow is the value of uptick trades minus the value of downtick trades. Our calculations are based on comprehensive, delayed quotes.      Stock Money Flow   N/A              Advertisement         Competitors PLSE      Company Change P/E (TTM)    NUVA NuVasive Inc.   -3.22% -2.56   79.28     NVCN Neovasc Inc.   -0.69% -0.01   -     NUMD Nu-Med Plus Inc.   -41.03% -0.16   1.31     NMRD Nemaura Medical Inc.   -6.60% -0.35   -        More information on PLSE   Competitor Data Provided By: capital cube           Profile PLSE      Pulse Biosciences, Inc. is a development stage medical device company. It manufactures surgical and medical instruments uses a novel and proprietary platform technology called Nano-Pulse Electro-Signaling. The NPES provides local tumor control and initiates an adaptive...      849 Mitten Road Burlingame California 94010 United States   Website Map       Employees  -    Sector  Medical Equipment/Supplies      Sales or Revenue  -    Industry  Health Care/Life Sciences      1Y Sales Change  -    Fiscal Year Ends December 31 Download Reports          Darrin R. Uecker President, Chief Executive Officer & Director       Brian B. Dow CFO, Secretary, Treasurer & SVP-Administration       Holly Hartman VP-Business Development & Corporate Strategy       Edward A. Ebbers VP & General Manager-Dermatology products        More             Research & Ratings Pulse Biosciences Inc.PLSE Per-Share Earnings, Actuals and Estimates   Data Not Available.       Financials Pulse Biosciences Inc.PLSE     Quarterly   Annual      Net Income      0                 0  -800,000  -1.6M  -2.4M  -3.2M                 Mar 2016   Jun 2016   Sep 2016   Dec 2016   Mar 2017         0             0  -3M  -6M  -9M  -12M            '16         Mar 2017 5-quarter trend   Net Income Growth -89.90%               Sales or Revenue -     Sales or Revenue Growth -     EBITDA -3.05 M                          2016 5-year trend  Net Income Growth -     Sales or Revenue -     Sales or Revenue Growth -     EBITDA -8.83 M                    More             Overview    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                  

Pulse Biosciences Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















pulse biosciences inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Medical Devices
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. operates as a development stage medical device company. The Company offers a local and drug-free technology that utilizes nanosecond pulsed electric fields to induce cell signaling and the activation of cellular pathways in tissue.




Corporate Information
Address:

849 Mitten Road
Suite 104
Burlingame, CA 94010
United States


Phone:
1-650-697-3939


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.pulsebiosciences.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Robert Levande
Mdb Capital Group LLC








President/CEO
Company


Darrin Uecker
Pulse Biosciences Inc








Board Members
Company








Robert Greenberg
Second Sight Medical Products Inc




Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor and Analyst Conference Call

15 hours ago



Congress Could Have Major Impact on Biotech Companies

Jul 21, 2017



Congress Could Have Major Impact on Biotech Companies

Jul 21, 2017



Pulse Biosciences to Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call on July 27, 2017

Jul 11, 2017



Pulse Biosciences Announces Treatment of First Patient in Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Novel Nano-Pulse

Jun 06, 2017



Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor Conference Call

May 04, 2017



Pulse Biosciences to Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call on May 4, 2017

Apr 17, 2017



Pulse Biosciences Quartery Investor Conference Call

Mar 14, 2017






Key Executives


Darrin R Uecker


President/CEO




Richard Nuccitelli


Chief Science Officer




Brian B Dow


Senior VP:Admin & Finance/CFO/Secy




Edward Ebbers


VP/Gen Mgr:Dermatology




Holly Hartman


VP:Bus Dev & Corporate Strategy




David Danitz "Dave"


VP:Engineering







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data













































Pulse Biosciences Inc - NASDAQ:PLSE - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Pulse Biosciences Inc (PLSE)
Follow




                                25.03
                            







                        NASDAQ : Health Care
                    

Jul 27, 2017 4:00 PM EDT












Prev Close
  25.03


Day Low/High

                                    0.00 /
                                    0.00


52 Wk Low/High

                                    4.35 /
                                    39.50
                                


Avg Volume 
263.90K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
14.31M


Market Cap
386.64M


EPS
-0.90


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor And Analyst Conference Call






Commit To Purchase Pulse Biosciences At $25, Earn 20.4% Annualized Using Options

















Pulse Biosciences To Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call On July 27, 2017
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (Nasdaq: PLSE) a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), will host its quarterly investor conference call on...

Jul 11, 2017 7:30 PM EDT









Pulse Biosciences Announces Treatment Of First Patient In Study To Evaluate The Safety And Efficacy Of Novel Nano-Pulse Stimulation Technology For Seborrheic Keratosis Lesions
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on its proprietary Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS) technology, today announced treatment of the...

Jun 6, 2017 8:00 AM EDT









Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor Conference Call
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), is hosting an investor conference call today to...

May 4, 2017 1:30 PM EDT













GE, JPMorgan Among 5 Stocks Insiders Love
Insiders at General Electric, JPMorgan Chase and three other companies have been snapping up shares of their own stock lately.

Apr 26, 2017 12:32 PM EDT













Six Stocks Spiking Up With Huge Volume
Here's a technical look at how to play six stocks trending higher with strong volume.

Apr 20, 2017 7:04 AM EDT









Pulse Biosciences To Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call On May 4, 2017
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (Nasdaq: PLSE) a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), will host its quarterly investor conference call on...

Apr 17, 2017 6:34 PM EDT













Wake Me When The Market Regains a Pulse
Biotechnology is showing little relative strength and oil is up again, but there isn't much going on with themes.

Apr 12, 2017 11:06 AM EDT









Pulse Biosciences Quartery Investor Conference Call
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), is hosting an investor conference call today to share...

Mar 14, 2017 4:00 PM EDT









Pulse Biosciences Submits 510(k) Application To FDA For PulseTx™ System
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), today announced the submission of a 510(k) to...

Mar 14, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









Pulse Biosciences To Host Investor Conference Call On March 14, 2017
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (Nasdaq: PLSE) a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), will host its first quarter investor conference call...

Mar 1, 2017 4:46 PM EST









Pulse Biosciences Announces Healthcare Executives And Entrepreneurs Robert Duggan And Dr. Maky Zanganeh Have Acquired A Combined Interest Of 17.1% Of The Company
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), today announced that Robert "Bob" Duggan and...

Feb 10, 2017 8:30 AM EST













Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS) Update
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (NASDAQ:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), is hosting an investor conference call today...

Nov 14, 2016 4:00 PM EST













Pulse Biosciences Announces First Clinical Use Of The Proprietary PulseTx Platform In A Pilot Study In Dermatology
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (NASDAQ:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), today announced the treatment of the first patient...

Nov 14, 2016 8:00 AM EST













Pulse Biosciences Announces New Data That Reinforce Potential Immuno-Oncology Benefits Of Nano-Pulse Stimulation Technology
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (NASDAQ:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), today announced the results of three preclinical...

Nov 11, 2016 8:00 AM EST













Pulse Biosciences To Host Third Quarter Investor Conference Call On November 14, 2016
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), will host its third quarter investor conference call...

Nov 2, 2016 3:00 PM EDT













Pulse Biosciences To Present New Data At The Society For Immunotherapy In Cancer Annual Meeting
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (NASDAQ:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS), today announced that it has three posters accepted...

Oct 18, 2016 8:00 AM EDT













Pulse Biosciences Provides Overview Of Corporate Strategy And Updates On Clinical Development For Novel PulseTx Platform
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (NASDAQ: PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Electro-Signaling, today provides a financial and corporate strategy...

Sep 7, 2016 4:22 PM EDT













Pulse Biosciences Appoints Holly Hartman As Vice President Of Business Development And Corporate Strategy
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (NASDAQ: PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Electro-Signaling, today announced that it has appointed Holly...

Aug 30, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Pulse Biosciences Appoints Edward Ebbers As Vice President And General Manager Of Dermatology Products
Pulse Biosciences, Inc., (NASDAQ:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Electro-Signaling, today announced that it has appointed Edward Ebbers, an...

Aug 24, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Pulse Biosciences To Host September Investor Conference Call To Highlight Corporate Progress, Strategic Focus And Future Milestones
Pulse Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq:PLSE), a medical technology company developing a proprietary therapeutic tissue treatment platform based on Nano-Pulse Electro-Signaling (NPES™), announced today it will host an...

Aug 10, 2016 4:00 PM EDT













Pulse Biosciences Announces Closing Of Initial Public Offering Over-allotment


Jun 21, 2016 7:00 PM EDT













Pulse Biosciences Announces Closing Of Initial Public Offering


May 23, 2016 4:00 PM EDT





























From Our Partners



Pulse Biosciences reports Q2 results

SeekingAlpha



Midday Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha



Healthcare Gainers / Losers as of 12:05 pm

SeekingAlpha



Midday Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha



Midday Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha



Healthcare - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 11:00 am

SeekingAlpha



Pulse Biosciences, Inc.: High-Voltage Hype Set To Short-Circuit

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 5/2/17: BTU, IFF, PLSE, BCEI, DDR

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 4/27/17: APO, TBK, NS, IFF, ADX, PLSE

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 4/19/17: Apollo Global, Pulse Biosciences, Acacia Communications, JPMorgan China Region Fund, Clough Global Opportunities Fund

SeekingAlpha



Healthcare - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 11:00 am

SeekingAlpha



Lock-up period waived for pre-IPO stockholders of Pulse Biosciences

SeekingAlpha



Midday Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha



Healthcare - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 11:00 am

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 4/10/17: PLSE, APO, GLO, GLQ, OPK

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Amazon's Shock Earnings Show That It's Cashing In on Wall Street's Goodwill


These Are Our 3 Biggest Stories on Amazon's Bizarre Earnings Whiff


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















    PLSE Key Statistics - Pulse Biosciences Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Pulse Biosciences Inc.

                  NASDAQ: PLSE
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Pulse Biosciences Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 5:56 p.m.


PLSE

/quotes/zigman/71056442/composite


$
25.50




Change

+0.47
+1.88%

Volume
Volume 1,635
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/71056442/composite
Previous close

$
			27.01
		


$
				25.03
			
Change

-1.98
-7.33%





Day low
Day high
$24.20
$27.05










52 week low
52 week high

            $4.35
        

            $39.50
        

















			Company Description 


			Pulse Biosciences, Inc. is a development stage medical device company. It manufactures surgical and medical instruments uses a novel and proprietary platform technology called Nano-Pulse Electro-Signaling. The NPES provides local tumor control and initiates an adaptive immune response with a vaccine...
		


                Pulse Biosciences, Inc. is a development stage medical device company. It manufactures surgical and medical instruments uses a novel and proprietary platform technology called Nano-Pulse Electro-Signaling. The NPES provides local tumor control and initiates an adaptive immune response with a vaccine-like effect by inducing immunogenic apoptosis of the cells. The company was founded on May 19, 2014 and is headquartered in Burlingame, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-32.27


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-34.72


Price to Book Ratio
3.42


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-45.33

Efficiency
Liquidity

Current Ratio
16.40


Quick Ratio
16.40


Cash Ratio
16.14



Profitability
Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Edward A. Ebbers 
-
2016
VP & General Manager-Dermatology products



Dr. Mahkam  Zanganeh 
45
2017
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/07/2017

Darrin R. Uecker                            
CEO and President; Director

160,974


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/23/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


2,000


 
Acquisition at $28.07 per share.


56,140


05/23/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


28,600


 
Acquisition at $27.63 per share.


790,218


05/23/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


18,600


 
Acquisition at $26.69 per share.


496,434


05/22/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


6,800


 
Acquisition at $26.67 per share.


181,356


05/22/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


27,928


 
Acquisition at $26.15 per share.


730,317


05/12/2017

Thierry Bernard Thaure                            
Director

5,000


 
Disposition at $24.9 per share.


124,500


05/12/2017

Thierry Bernard Thaure                            
Director

5,000


 
Disposition at $23.9 per share.


119,500


05/12/2017

Thierry Bernard Thaure                            
Director

10,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.67 per share.


26,700


05/11/2017

Mahkam Zanganeh 
Director

15,000


 
Acquisition at $20.84 per share.


312,600


05/10/2017

Mahkam Zanganeh 
Director

5,000


 
Acquisition at $21.71 per share.


108,550


05/10/2017

Robert J. Greenberg 
Director

25,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.67 per share.


66,750


05/10/2017

Robert J. Greenberg 
Director

2,820


 
Disposition at $21.87 per share.


61,673


05/10/2017

Robert J. Greenberg 
Director

22,180


 
Disposition at $21.03 per share.


466,445


05/09/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


19,489


 
Acquisition at $21.47 per share.


418,428


05/09/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


5,000


 
Acquisition at $20.07 per share.


100,350


05/09/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


1,300


 
Acquisition at $19.43 per share.


25,259


05/09/2017

Mahkam Zanganeh 
Director

33,760


 
Acquisition at $20.16 per share.


680,601


05/08/2017

Thierry Bernard Thaure                            
Director

15,000


 
Disposition at $22.49 per share.


337,350


05/08/2017

Thierry Bernard Thaure                            
Director

15,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $2.67 per share.


40,050


05/02/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


5,000


 
Acquisition at $23.4 per share.


117,000


05/01/2017

Robert W. Duggan                            


19,348


 
Acquisition at $23.81 per share.


460,675








/news/latest/company/us/plse

      MarketWatch News on PLSE
    
No News currently available for PLSE





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/plse

      Other News on PLSE
    





Insiders Roundup: NVIDIA, Walmart, Apple

3:08 p.m. May 26, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com




 10-Q: PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.
4:06 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Pulse Biosciences, Inc.: High-Voltage Hype Set To Short-Circuit

9:30 a.m. May 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Pulse Biosciences' (PLSE) CEO Darrin Uecker on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

9:08 a.m. May 6, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 5/2/17: BTU, IFF, PLSE, BCEI, DDR

10:49 a.m. May 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 4/27/17: APO, TBK, NS, IFF, ADX, PLSE

1:46 p.m. April 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Insiders' Week: JPMorgan, Alphabet, Netflix

3:11 p.m. April 21, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 4/19/17: Apollo Global, Pulse Biosciences, Acacia Communications, JPMorgan China Region Fund, Clough Global Opportunities Fund

9:39 a.m. April 20, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Lock-up period waived for pre-IPO stockholders of Pulse Biosciences

7:18 a.m. April 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Insiders Roundup: NuStar Energy, Opko Health, Alphabet

4:17 p.m. April 14, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 4/10/17: PLSE, APO, GLO, GLQ, OPK

8:32 a.m. April 11, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Insiders Load Up on Pulse Biosciences

12:08 p.m. March 23, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/20/17: NRG, BKCC, PLSE, HOS

9:53 a.m. March 21, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-K: PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.
5:19 p.m. March 20, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 2/22/17: LNCE, ARNC, PLSE, INTX

1:58 p.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Pulse Biosciences: Checking Its Pulse, Finding Nothing

12:45 p.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Former Pharmacyclics execs take 17% stake in Pulse Bio; shares up 33%

10:44 a.m. Feb. 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.
5:01 p.m. Aug. 10, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Pulse Biosciences, Inc.
849 Mitten Road
Suite 104

Burlingame, California 94010




Phone
1 6506973939


Industry
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
$-9.52M


Employees

        -


Annual Report for PLSE











/news/pressrelease/company/us/plse

      Press Releases on PLSE
    




 Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor and Analyst Conference Call
4:00 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Investor Network: Pulse Biosciences, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
11:02 a.m. July 27, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Congress Could Have Major Impact on Biotech Companies
10:48 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Congress Could Have Major Impact on Biotech Companies
9:00 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Pulse Biosciences to Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call on July 
      27, 2017
7:30 p.m. July 11, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pulse Biosciences Announces Treatment of First Patient in Study to 
      Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Novel Nano-Pulse Stimulation 
      Technology for Seborrheic Keratosis Lesions
8:00 a.m. June 6, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Kerrisdale Capital Issues Negative Report on Pulse Biosciences, Inc. and Announces Conference Call
9:30 a.m. May 9, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor Conference Call
1:30 p.m. May 4, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Investor Network: Pulse Biosciences, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
10:03 a.m. May 4, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Pulse Biosciences to Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call on May 
      4, 2017
6:34 p.m. April 17, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Xenon Pharmaceuticals Falls as Acne Drug Fails Study, Pulse Biosciences Submits 510(k) to FDA
9:30 a.m. March 27, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Pulse Biosciences Quartery Investor Conference Call
4:00 p.m. March 14, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pulse Biosciences Submits 510(k) Application to FDA for PulseTx™ 
      System
8:30 a.m. March 14, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pulse Biosciences to Host Investor Conference Call on March 14, 2017
5:46 p.m. March 1, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pulse Biosciences Announces Healthcare Executives and Entrepreneurs 
      Robert Duggan and Dr. Maky Zanganeh Have Acquired a Combined Interest of 
      17.1% of the Company
9:30 a.m. Feb. 10, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Nano-Pulse Stimulation (NPS) Update
5:00 p.m. Nov. 14, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pulse Biosciences Announces First Clinical Use of the Proprietary 
      PulseTx Platform in a Pilot Study in Dermatology
9:00 a.m. Nov. 14, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pulse Biosciences Announces New Data That Reinforce Potential 
      Immuno-Oncology Benefits of Nano-Pulse Stimulation Technology
9:00 a.m. Nov. 11, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pulse Biosciences to Host Third Quarter Investor Conference Call on 
      November 14, 2016
3:00 p.m. Nov. 2, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Pulse Biosciences to Present New Data at the Society for 
      Immunotherapy in Cancer Annual Meeting
8:00 a.m. Oct. 18, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:05 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:04aWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction 
7:00aA Bright Picture for Netflix
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction
7:00aEuropean stocks drop to 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
6:59aMerck profit and sales rise, beat expectations amid big jump in Keytruda sales
6:59aA.O. Smith’s bet on China’s air-pollution problem is paying off
6:58aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
6:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
6:58aHigh Times is going public through a deal with a blank-check company — and here’s what that means
6:57aIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
6:56aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
6:51aMerck Q2 Januvia/Janumet revenue $1.51 bln vs. $1.63 bln; FactSet consensus $1.62 bln
6:50aMerck Q2 Keytruda sales $881 mln vs. $314 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $787.5 mln
6:49aMerck raises 2017 revenue outlook to $39.4 bln-$40.4 bln from $39.1 bln-$40.3 bln
6:48aMerck affirms 2017 adj. EPS outlook of $3.76-$3.88
6:47aMerck Q2 revenue $9.93 bln vs. $9.84 bln; FactSet consensus $9.75 bln
6:47aMerck Q2 adj. EPS $1.01; FactSet consensus 87 cents
6:46aMerck Q2 EPS 71 cents vs. 43 cents a year ago
6:36aRussia retaliates to new sanctions by telling U.S. to cut diplomats
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































Investor Relations | Pulse BiosciencesInvestor RelationsWebcastPulse Biosciences Third Quarter Investor Update Call (Replay)07/27/17 at 1:30 p.m. PTPulse Biosciences Third Quarter Investor Update CallThursday, July 27, 2017 1:30 p.m. PT  Webcast Presentation HelpClick here for webcastAdd to Calendar Help Javascript must be enabled to use this feature
                     Click here to add this event to your calendarCorporate ProfilePulse Biosciences, Inc. is a medical technologies company developing commercial clinical applications for its proprietary Nano-Pulse Stimulation (“NPS”) technology.  NPS is a novel patented technology leveraging nano-second duration energy pulses that have demonstrated effective local tumor control and the initiation of an adaptive immune response in pre-clinical studies. Pulse Biosciences is pursuing a number of clinical applications for NPS, including human oncology, dermatology, aesthetics and other minimally invasive applications where NPS is believed to provide greater benefits compared to current therapies and treatments.Stock Quote
PLSE (Common Stock)
			  $25.030.00 (0.00%)ExchangeNASDAQ CMVolume0Today's Open$0.00Previous Close$25.03Data as of 07/27/17 4:00 p.m. ETData provided by Nasdaq.  Minimum 15 minutes delayed.Stock ChartRecent News07/27/17Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor and Analyst Conference Call07/11/17Pulse Biosciences to Host Quarterly Investor Conference Call on July 27, 201706/06/17Pulse Biosciences Announces Treatment of First Patient in Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Novel Nano-Pulse Stimulation Technology for Seborrheic Keratosis Lesions Upcoming EventsThere are currently no events scheduled.
			Investors
		
			Stock Information 
					Stock Quote & Chart
				
			News & Events 
					Press Releases
				
					Events Calendar
				
			Financial Information 
					SEC Filings
				
			Corporate Governance 
					Governance Highlights
				
					Management Team
				
					Board of Directors
				
					Committee Composition
				
			Shareholder Services 
					Information Request
				
					E-mail Alerts
				 Print Page E-mail Page RSS Feeds E-mail Alerts Financial Tear Sheet







 PLSE - Stock quote for Pulse Biosciences Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Pulse Biosciences Inc
NASDAQ: PLSE



US Markets Closed










AdChoices








25.03


▼


-1.98
-7.33%



After Hours : 
25.50
+0.47
+1.88%



 July 27, 2017 5:56 PM EDT. Delayed 15 minutes; Source: NASDAQ. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
27.05


Previous Close
27.01


Volume (Avg) 
223.78k (263.08k)


Day's Range
24.20-27.05


52Wk Range
4.35-39.50


Market Cap.
358.29M


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
-


Shares Outstanding
14.31M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
-









Recent News







Pulse Biosciences, Inc. INSIDERS ON Board Members

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/19/2017






Mahkam Zanganeh D.D.S., MBA

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/8/2017






BRIEF-Pulse Biosciences files for offering of 1.7 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders

                            
                            Reuters
                        
6/30/2017






BRIEF-Pulse Biosciences files for offering of 1.7 mln shares of common stock by selling stockholders

                            
                            Reuters
                        
6/30/2017






BRIEF-Pulse Biosciences files for mixed shelf of up to $150 mln

                            
                            Reuters
                        
6/30/2017






Pulse Biosciences Quarterly Investor and Analyst Conference Call

                            
                            Business Wire
                        
14 hrs ago








PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC. : Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits (form 8-K)

                            
                            4 Traders
                        
14 hrs ago






Suncor Energy Inc. (NYSE:SU) Receives Average Recommendation of "Buy" from Analysts

                            
                            ibusinesslines.com
                        
19 hrs ago






Investor Network: Pulse Biosciences, Inc. to Host Earnings Call

                            
                            BayStreet
                        
19 hrs ago






Microsoft Wins 2017 ROI Award

                            
                            4 Traders
                        
20 hrs ago





 
Schizophrenic Investing: The 6 Personality Types of Investors

                            
                            CountingPips
                        
20 hrs ago






Congress Could Have Major Impact on Biotech Companies

                            
                            PharmiWeb
                        
6 days ago








Congress Could Have Major Impact on Biotech Companies

                            
                            New Kerala
                        
6 days ago






Pulse Biosciences Balance Sheet - Quarterly (NASDAQ:PLSE)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/21/2017






Pulse Biosciences (PLSE) STOCK PLSE STOCK

                            
                            marketsinsider.com
                        
7/21/2017






Pulse Biosciences Inc (PLSE)

                            
                            uk.investing.com
                        
7/20/2017






Pulse Biosciences Inc PLSE

                            
                            U.S. News Money
                        
7/20/2017






Pulse Bioscience: High-voltage hype set to short circuit

                            
                            Futures Magazine
                        
7/19/2017























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,796.55


+85.54
+0.39%













Last updated time
7/27/2017 4:45 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,382.19




-40.56
-0.63%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,389.43




-53.58
-0.72%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,963.23




-1.68
-0.01%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 














PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC. (PLSE) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC. (PLSE) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.


Company Address
3957 POINT EDEN WAYHAYWARD, CA 94545


Company Phone
510-906-4600


Company Website
www.pulsebiosciences.com


CEO
Darrin R. Uecker


Employees  (as of 5/17/2016) 
12


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (5/18/2016)


Proposed Symbol
PLSE


Exchange
NASDAQ


Share Price
$4.00


Shares Offered
5,000,000


Offer Amount
$20,000,000.00


Total Expenses
$1,010,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
12,565,451


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
11/14/2016


Quiet Period Expiration
6/27/2016


CIK
0001625101




We estimate that the net proceeds from our sale of 5,000,000 shares of common
stock in this offering at an assumed initial public offering price of $4.00 per
share, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and
estimated offering expenses of $1,010,000, will be approximately $17,425,000
million, or $20,190,000 million if the underwriters’ option to purchase
additional shares is exercised in full.

We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to fund:

• $9.0 million to $12.0 million of ongoing research and development of our 
  products and NPES technology including, but not limited to:               

• clinical and pre-clinical research and development with respect to 
  applications of our NPES technology, including labor; and             

• product development including labor costs, equipment, prototype and clinical
  instruments, and third party development costs.              

• $5.0 million to $8.0 million of general corporate purposes, including working 
  capital, business development, commercialization activities, administrative 
  support services, hiring of additional personnel and the costs of operating as
  a public company.                                   

We also may use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire complementary products,
services, technologies or businesses. However, we have no understandings,
agreements or commitments with respect to any such acquisition at this time. You
will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of
the net proceeds.

We anticipate using a portion of the proceeds of this offering to pay MDB
Capital Group, LLC for services rendered related to patent related matters.
Currently the company has accrued fees in the amount of $25,964 related to
patents, and it will continue to incur amounts due for future fees, which cannot
be estimated at this time. We also will use a portion of the proceeds to pay the
employment obligations of the company to Dr. Richard Nuccitelli under his
written employment agreement, which has an annual salary amount of $200,000. If
we engage the Frank Reidy Center at Old Dominion University for additional
research as the company engaged them in the past under a research funding
agreement, then the company will use a portion of the proceeds of this offering
for that purpose; however, at this time there are no specific plans in place to
engage the center for these services.

Pending their use, we plan to invest our net proceeds from this offering in
short-term, interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments,
certificates of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the United States
government.

We believe that the net proceeds from this offering, combined with our existing
cash resources, will be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements
for at least 12 months subsequent to the closing of the offering. Until we are
able to generate sustainable revenues that generate a profit, we expect to
finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt
financings or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. Such
additional funds may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all,
particularly in light of recent market conditions. If we raise funds by issuing
equity securities, the ownership of our stockholders will be diluted and the new
equity securities may have priority rights over our existing stockholders.


The applications we intend to target are subject to intense competition from
rapidly evolving companies and new scientific discoveries. We compete against
well-established incumbent technologies offering products in oncology,
dermatology and aesthetics, minimally invasive treatments, and veterinary
applications. Given the broad scope of Pulse Biosciences’ technology, we face
competition ranging from large manufacturers with multiple business lines to 
small manufacturers with focused products, as well as providers of other medical
therapies and therapeutics for conditions that we intend to treat. Our future 
success will depend on our ability to establish and maintain a competitive 
position in current and future technologies.

We compete with multiple new technologies stimulating the immune system to
target cancer. Better understanding of the multiple mechanisms by which cancer
or precancerous cells can evade the immune system has helped researchers develop
drugs targeting immune inhibitors or stimulating T cells. Currently, approved
treatments focus on stimulating the immune system in a global way, which leads
to significant side effects including autoimmune diseases. Companies with
approved checkpoint inhibitors include: Bristol Meyers Squibb and Merck. CAR-T
cell therapy has gained attention recently; which refers to a therapy where T
cells are removed from a patient and modified to express receptors on its
surface that is specific to a cancer type. These cells are then cultured and
infused back into the body. Companies developing CAR-T therapies include Juno
Therapeutics and Kite Pharma.

We compete with multiple tissue eradication technologies. These technologies
cause immediate cell necrosis, killing cells within seconds to hours following
exposure and triggering inflammation. Pulse Biosciences’ technology is unique
and differentiated in that NPES cause cell death over a period of days, by a
process of cell signaling that leads to immunogenic apoptosis. This allows for
immune activation and decreases scarring or collateral damage to surrounding
tissues. Tissue ablating technologies include: Radiofrequency, Microwave,
Cryoablation, Laser and Irreversible electroporation.

Irreversible electroporation uses pulsed electric fields at a high voltage in
millisecond or microsecond pulse widths. These pulses cause cell membranes to
irreversibly permeabilize, resulting in necrosis (death) of the tumor cells. IRE
destroys cells without excessive heat or cold, thus making it a good option in
places where normal adjacent tissues such as blood vessels should not be
damaged. However, this technology stimulates nerves and muscles making it
necessary to use general anesthesia and muscle blockade during treatment. In
contrast, the 1000 times shorter NPES pulses do not require the use of muscle
blockade. Moreover, Pulse Biosciences’ technology transiently permeabilizes
internal organelles which can lead to a signaling cascade ending in immunogenic
apoptosis rather than necrosis.

Tissue ablation companies for therapeutic applications include: Medtronic,
Boston Scientific and St. Jude Medical. Ablation companies for dermatologic and
aesthetic applications include: Alma Lasers, Cutera and Syneron Medical.


Company Description
We are a development-stage medical device company using a novel and proprietary
platform technology called Nano-Pulse Electro-Signaling or NPES. NPES is a local
and drug-free technology that utilizes ultra-short, nanosecond pulsed electric
fields to induce cell signaling and the activation of


 cellular pathways in
tissue. We believe that NPES can induce a variety of cellular responses
including secretion, apoptosis and necrosis by modulating the NPES pulses,
making it applicable to a wide variety of cell types and therapeutic
applications. One of the more promising applications of NPES is the treatment of
solid tumors, where pre-clinical data developed by Pulse Biosciences and others
have shown that NPES provides effective local tumor control and initiates an
adaptive immune response with a vaccine-like effect by inducing immunogenic
apoptosis of the treated cells. We believe we will establish NPES as a new
treatment modality across a variety of applications, including both veterinary
and human oncology, dermatology, aesthetics and other minimally invasive
applications where current ablation modalities do not provide the benefits of
NPES.

We are developing a proprietary system for the delivery of NPES treatments,
currently identified as the PulseTxTM system or “PulseTx.” The PulseTx system
delivers NPES pulses through its proprietary tunable pulse generator and its
planned suite of electrodes. The PulseTx system pulses are applied directly to
tissue through electrodes, creating transient nanometer pores in cell and
organelle membranes. For the treatment of cancer, we believe that we can trigger
a signaling cascade within the tumor cells that ends in immunogenic apoptosis.
Immunogenic apoptosis is a process in which cells are induced to die in a
natural way, initiating their own programmed cell death, engaging the immune
system to clear damaged, diseased, or aged cells and enrolling cytotoxic T cells
to recognize and eliminate cells of the same tumor type. We believe we are the
only medical device company with the intellectual property, technology, and
know-how to be able to produce this natural cell death using NPES to initiate
cell signaling that induces the targeted adaptive immune response.

Many other medical device companies produce products for ablating tumors using a
number of different modalities, including the use of extreme heat
(radiofrequency, microwave or electrocauterization) or cold (cryoablation), or
electric fields with much longer pulses (irreversible electroporation), and high
energy radiation. The use of these modalities generally leads to cellular
necrosis. We believe NPES differs significantly as it offers a non-thermal and
non-ionizing ablative technology that can be selectively tuned to induce
apoptosis, reducing the potential for inflammation and collateral damage to
surrounding tissue. We believe that this less destructive approach lends itself
to a number of applications including tumors which would otherwise be inoperable
because of proximity to critical structures.

To date, we believe there have been few observed disadvantages in the use of
NPES. In animal studies in over 1,000 rats and mice, our predecessors and others
have treated tumors with NPES with no consistent side effects observed. The few
problems observed in the animal studies, to date, resulted from improper
placement of the electrodes and some pain was observed unless anesthetized
during treatment. No side effects have been detected, to date, from the human
clinical trials. Although our trials have been limited to pre-clinical animal
trials and data from a limited number of subjects in clinical trials, we believe
results to date will be representative of larger subject populations.

The discovery of NPES was first documented in 2001(1) at Old Dominion 
University. During the 15 years since that discovery, many scientists have 
studied this technology at universities and research institutes around the world
and over 60 publications have appeared to date, elucidating the effectiveness of
NPES in cancer treatment on a wide variety of cancer cell lines and animal tumor
models. The research at these institutions has been funded by grants from the 
National Institutes of Health (NIH) Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR),
Department of Defense (DOD), Commonwealth of Virginia, Air Force of Scientific 
Research and the Army Research Office and Multidisciplinary University Research
Initiative (MURI). Pulse Biosciences has licensed or acquired the intellectual 
property pertaining to NPES from the leading NPES research centers (Old Dominion
University, the University of Southern California and BioElectroMed Corp.). This
concentration of NPES intellectual property, we believe, puts Pulse Biosciences
in a unique position to commercialize this platform technology.

(1) Schoenbach KH, Beebe, SJ, Buescher ES, Intracellular effect of ultrashort     
    pulses. Bioelectromagnetics 2001; 22:440-448.
---

Pulse Biosciences, Inc. was incorporated in Nevada on May 19, 2014, under the
name “Electroblate, Inc.” On December 8, 2015, we changed our name to “Pulse
Biosciences, Inc.” Our offices are located at 849 Mitten Road, Suite 104,
Burlingame, California 94010 and our telephone number is (650) 697-3939. Our
website is www.pulsebiosciences.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$2,811,283


Total Assets
$14,325,041






Total Liabilities
$659,761


Stockholders' Equity
$13,665,280


View all Company Financials for PLSE


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 5 Total: 5
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.
424B3
5/17/2016
Filing



PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.
S-1/A
5/3/2016
Filing



PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.
S-1/A
3/28/2016
Filing



PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.
S-1/A
3/7/2016
Filing



PULSE BIOSCIENCES, INC.
S-1
12/22/2015
Filing



View all SEC Filings for PLSE




Experts


Auditor
Gumbiner Savett Inc.


Company Counsel
Golenbock Eiseman Assor Bell & Peskoe LLP


Lead Underwriter
Feltl and Company, Inc


Lead Underwriter
MDB CAPITAL GROUP LLC


Transfer Agent
Corporate Stock Transfer


Underwriter Counsel
LKP Global Law, LLP









News for PLSE









                        Investor Network: Pulse Biosciences, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
                    

7/27/2017 11:00:00 AM - AccessWire



                        Insiders Roundup: NVIDIA, Walmart, Apple
                    

5/26/2017 4:08:44 PM - GuruFocus



                        Friday 5/12 Insider Buying Report: NOW, PLSE
                    

5/12/2017 10:31:51 AM - BNK Invest



                        BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE- Valeant, Endo, Wayfair, Cleantech
                    

5/9/2017 1:55:00 PM - Reuters



                        BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Marriott, airline stocks, Sturm Ruger
                    

5/9/2017 12:27:00 PM - Reuters



                        Investor Network: Pulse Biosciences, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
                    

5/4/2017 10:00:00 AM - AccessWire



                        InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 5/2/17: BTU, IFF, PLSE, BCEI, DDR
                    

5/3/2017 10:49:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Insiders Roundup: NuStar Energy, Opko Health, Alphabet
                    

4/14/2017 5:17:34 PM - GuruFocus



                        Insiders Load Up on Pulse Biosciences
                    

3/23/2017 1:08:12 PM - GuruFocus



                        Tuesday 3/21 Insider Buying Report: PRAA, PLSE
                    

3/21/2017 10:54:36 AM - BNK Invest



                        Health Care Sector Update for 02/10/2017: PLSE
                    

2/10/2017 10:16:57 AM - MT Newswires



                        US IPO Weekly Recap: A LatAm bank and three minor health care IPOs struggle
                    

5/20/2016 6:23:27 PM - Renaissance Capital



                        Cancer zapping device company Pulse Biosciences prices IPO at $4, as expected
                    

5/18/2016 12:03:16 PM - Renaissance Capital




 Subscribe


                More PLSE News & Commentary



                Read PLSE Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6382.19


-40.56
 ▼ 
0.63%





DJIA

21796.55


85.54
 ▲ 
0.39%





S&P 500

2475.42


-2.41
 ▼ 
0.10%










Data as of Jul 27, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            DSP Group to Participate at the Canaccord Genuity Growth Conference
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            KVH Industries to Host Second Quarter Conference Call on August 2, 2017
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            WisdomTree Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Cesca Therapeutics Announces Issuance of New Cellular Processing Patent Poised to Revolutionize CAR
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































