


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Fri Jul 28 00:06:40 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 














Morningstar 4- & 5-Star Rated Funds | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














Open a Premier High Yield Savings Account | CIT Bank
















































CIT Bank Logo
CIT Bank




Member FDIC

Member FDIC Logo
CIT Bank is a member of FDIC








Sign in to Online Banking
Please enter your Online Banking ID



Remember Me


Enroll in Online Banking


Sign in to Another Account
Home Loan Sign in





Set Your Sights HighOpen a Premier High Yield Savings Account!
1.30APY1on balances up to $100,000


+


100cash bonus 2



That's more than 20x the national average!3
Get StartedPromotion code: PREMIER must be entered at account opening





$100 Minimum Opening Deposit
No Fees to Open or Maintain
Daily Compounding Interest
24/7 Secure Online Banking
US-based Customer Service
FDIC Insured





Account Balance Tiers
TOTAL Balance APY*


$0 - $100,000
1.30%


$100,000.01 and more
1.25%



*Interest will be paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance.
Important: See our FAQs below for tips on how to ensure your account Earns our top Premier High Yield Savings APY.


Bonus Details

Account must be opened with Promotional Code "PREMIER" by September 8, 2017
Account must be funded within 30 days of account opening
Funds used to qualify for bonus must be new funds, not already or recently on deposit with CIT Bank or OneWest Bank
Must maintain a minimum $15,000 monthly balance for the first 3 full monthly statement cycles.
Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer. If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus.
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.

See below for full details.





Your Money Grows Faster with CIT Bank4




How do I open my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
It's easy and fast. Get started by going to our Open a CIT Bank Account page. Then follow the easy steps to complete your application. Have the following information handy:

Social Security number
Driver's license or other valid state identification
A check or your bank routing and account numbers from the account you'll be using to fund your new CIT Bank Premier High Yield Savings Account
Names and personal details (Social Security number, valid ID) of any joint account holders and/or designated beneficiaries


Premier High Yield Savings Account FAQs
I noticed that the APY will be lower if my balance exceeds $100,000.  How can I ensure I get and maintain the top APY offered on my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
The Premier High Yield Savings account features exceptional interest rates, and our top APY is reserved for savers with balances no greater than $100,000.  Once the balance rises above $100,000, the APY will decline.   To get and maintain the top APY offered (currently 1.30%), keep your balance (and this includes deposits AND interest) below $100,000.  If your balance exceeds $100,000 your APY will decline to 1.25%, based on current rates.  The Premier High Yield Savings Account is a variable rate account and the interest rates may change without notice.
What can I do to set an alert on my account to notify me of my balance level?
After you open an account, you'll receive an email with simple instructions on how to create an alert  that will notify you when your balance reaches a set level.  It's fast and easy to set up.




1 APY  -  Annual Percentage Yields (APYs) are accurate as of July 7, 2017: 1.30% APY on balances of $100,000 or less; 1.25% APY on balances greater than $100,000. Interest is paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance. For example: A balance of $95,000 will earn 1.30% APY, and a balance of $105,000 will earn 1.25% APY. Minimum opening deposit is $100. Interest rates for the Premier High Yield Savings account are variable and may change at any time without prior notice.
2 Limited-time bonus offer.  The bonus offer of $100 is valid on Premier High Yield Savings accounts opened using promotional code PREMIER between July 7, 2017 and September 8, 2017, provided that all of the following requirements are met, and subject to the additional limitations shown below:

The account must be funded within 30 calendar days from the account opening date.
A Monthly Balance of at least $15,000 must be maintained for the first three full statement cycles.  A full statement cycle is defined as beginning the first day of a month and ending the last day of that same month.  For example, if an account were opened on July 10, 2017, the first full statement cycle would be for the period of August 1 through August 31, 2017; the July statement cycle would be excluded because it covers only part of the month. For bonus purposes, the Monthly Balance for each full statement cycle is calculated as follows: at the end of each day, the Premier High Yield Savings account balance is recorded.  When the statement cycle ends, these end-of-day balances are added together and then divided by the number of days in the statement cycle to determine the Monthly Balance.  
All funds used to qualify for bonus eligibility must be new funds.  Funds on deposit with CIT Bank, N.A. or its OneWest Bank division at any time during the 90 days preceding account opening are ineligible and will not be included in the calculation of the Monthly Balance.
The account must remain open and in good standing at the time of the bonus payment or the bonus will be forfeited.  

Additional bonus limitations:Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer.  If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus. 
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.
A $100 bonus will be deposited to the Premier High Yield Savings account of the qualified customer within 45 days of the end of the third full statement cycle following account opening.  For example, a customer who qualified for the bonus on a Premier High Yield Savings account opened on July 10, 2017, would receive a statement credit of $100 no later than December 15, 2017.
The bonus payment is reported as interest earned on IRS Form 1099-INT for the calendar year in which it was paid.  Recipient is responsible for any applicable taxes.
3 National average annual percentage yield (APY) on savings accounts as published in the FDIC Weekly National Rates and Rate Caps, accurate as of as of July 7, 2017.
4 Comparison Bank APYs - Annual Percentage Yield for each bank's Savings Account is accurate as of July 7, 2017. Info taken directly from bank websites. CIT Bank, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Chase
5 For more information, visit https://bankoncit.com/awards/







External link disclaimer

      CIT Bank has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. CIT Bank makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification, or monitoring by CIT Bank of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall CIT Bank be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
    

Go back
Continue


×



Email disclaimer

      Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, CIT Bank suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact CIT Bank directly at 855-462-2652. Thank you.
    

Go back
Send Email


×






 855-462-2652



STEP 1 - After you click "Continue", the next page will open and prompt you to enter your User ID. Your User ID is the same as your previous Online Banking ID, but entered in all lowercase letters.


          Previous Online Banking ID: 
New User ID: 

STEP 2 - Follow the instructions on the screen to get your one-time security code. (If your mobile or home telephone number is not listed as an option, you will need to contact us at 855-462-2652 to add it to your online banking profile in order for you to continue.)STEP 3 - In order to sign in the first time, you will be required to enter your temporary password, which is Monday@ followed by the last 3 digits of your Social Security number.


For example:
          - If your Social Security number is 123-45-6789
          - Then your temporary password will be Monday@789

STEP 4 - Finally, you must reset your password to finish. Follow the instructions after signing in.

Download instructions
                 
          


×



RampUp™ Plus CD Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



CD Laddering Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



Disclosures
5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan with a loan-to-value ratio of 75% and an applicant FICO score of 720 or above, for a purchase transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California. At the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , the monthly payment would be  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  until the next annual change date. The rate and payment may change annually based on changes to the index value.Important DisclosuresThe above example for payments beginning at month 61 was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.For the following examples, the interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the interest rate and payments will fluctuate for the remainder of the loan term. During this time, payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease. Payments are fully amortized.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan for a refinance transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California with a minimum FICO score of 720, at the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , would have a monthly payment of  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, the rate would change. Assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  and is subject to change annually based on changes to the index value.DisclosuresThe above example was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 120 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.

×





Selected products ()

Compare selections
View all products
Open an account







Remove all
|
Hide comparison






Product
APY**
Minimum balances
Available as IRA
Available as Custodial




Close chart








APY**






Minimum balances






Available as IRA






Available as Custodial










                Securely sending your request.









































 


            Maximum reached
            ×


            No more than 10 items can be selected at a time.
        



            Confirm account type for each product.
            ×










Cancel
Submit






Capital One 360 Money Market® Page








































Please Use Javascript
JavaScript must be enabled on your browser for your web experience to work as designed or to log in to your account. Please use your browser's Help function to learn how to enable JavaScript.Learn more about JavaScript enabled browsers our sites support.

















    360 Money Market®
  










Here, savings don't just grow. They break through.







        With 360 Money Market®, an online & mobile account from Capital One®, you'll earn up to % Annual Percentage Yield. That's one of the nation's best savings rates.
      






      
        Open Now
      
    







Strong savings. Enduring growth.





One of the nation's top rates
Earn % APY on balances of  or more. (Balances of less than  will still earn a great everyday rate of % APY.)





No fees, all growth
With no fees, your money stays on the rise.





Safe and secure
FDIC insurance* and fraud coverage will keep your savings secure.







Give your money the upward push it deserves with 360 Money Market®.






      
        Open Now
      
    









Questions? Give us a buzz at 1-800-289-1992 to talk to a real person (8 a.m. - 8 p.m., 7 days a week).
Advertised rates are variable and effective . The % Annual Percentage Yield (APY) applies to the entire account balance for accounts with balances of  or more; a % APY applies to the entire account balance for accounts with balances less than .
360 Money Market accounts do not have debit cards or check writing capabilities. Money market and savings accounts are subject to statement cycle transaction limits.
We use the daily collected balance method to calculate interest on the account. This method applies a daily periodic rate to the principal in the account each day.
There is no monthly cycle service charge for this account, and no minimum balance requirement to open or maintain the account.
National average for money market and savings accounts at top 50 banks by deposits based on balances of $1 as of 03/23/2017, Informa Research Services, Calabasas, CA, www.informars.com. Although the information has been obtained from various institutions, the accuracy cannot be guaranteed.
Web access is needed to use Mobile Banking. Check with your service provider for details on specific fees and charges.
*Please see www.fdic.gov for additional information.
Products and services offered by Capital One, N.A., Member FDIC.
© 2017 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service trademark. All rights reserved.








Products
Expand Products Menu


Personal Credit Cards


Business Credit Cards


Personal Banking


Small Business Banking


Commercial Banking


Home Loans


Home Equity Lines


Auto Loans


Investing


Canada


UK



About Us
Expand About Us Menu


About Capital One


Diversity & Inclusion


Financial Education


Investing for Good


Investors


Press



Careers
Expand Careers Menu


Search Jobs



Legal
Expand Legal Menu


Servicemembers Civil Relief Act


Patriot Act Cert


Subpoena Policy


ING Trademark Disclaimer


Additional Disclosures




Contact Us


Privacy


Security


Terms & Conditions


Accessibility





Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Linked In
Instagram





Capital One
©2016 Capital One


Member FDIC
Equal Housing Lender




















Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Putnam money market fund






Web Results



Putnam Money Market Fund (PDDXX) - Putnam Investments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/62-money-market-fund/A
Pursuing income while preserving capital with short-term investments since 1976
. Learn more about Putnam Money Market Fund (Class A).



Full holdings for Putnam money market funds - Putnam Inveesments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/full-holdings
For more information, visit the SEC website, which will display Putnam Money 
Market Fund's most recent 12 months of filings on Form N-MFP (publically ...



Putnam Government Money Market Fund (PGDXX) - Putnam ...

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/779-government-money-market-fund/A
Apr 14, 2016 ... Pursuing income while preserving capital with the highest quality short-term 
investments.. Learn more about Putnam Government Money ...




More Results »



Is a money market fund a mutual fund?





Money Market Fund - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/m/money-marketfund.asp
An investment fund that holds the objective to earn interest for shareholders while 
maintaining a net asset value (NAV) of $1 per share. Mutual funds, brokerage ...



Money market fund - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_market_fund
A money market fund is an open-ended mutual fund that invests in short-term 
debt securities such as US Treasury bills and commercial paper. Money market ...



What is the difference between a mutual fund and money market ...

www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/051415/what-difference-between-mutual-fund-and-money-market-fund.asp
May 14, 2015 ... Learn what a mutual fund and a money market fund are, and understand the 
differences between each and how they serve various purposes ...




More Results »



What is the difference between a bond fund and a money market fund?





Short Term Bonds Funds vs. Money Market Funds - The Balance

www.thebalance.com/short-term-bonds-funds-vs-money-market-funds-416961
Nov 6, 2016 ... How Do Short-Term Bond Funds Compare to Money Market Funds ... depending 
on their underlying investments) – a difference that can add up over time. ... The 
funds typically invest in bonds with maturities of between six ...



Money Market vs. Short-Term Bonds: A Compare and Contrast Case ...

www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/041916/money-market-vs-shortterm-bonds-compare-and-contrast-case-study.asp
Apr 19, 2016 ... On a short-term basis, money market funds and short-term bonds are both 
excellent ... bonds, including how the investments are alike and different, and ... A 
bond functions like a loan between an investor and a corporation.



Money Market: What Is It? - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/university/moneymarket/moneymarket1.asp
Larger corporations will generally participate directly via their dealer, while 
smaller companies with excess cash might just park it in a money market mutual 
fund, ...




More Results »



Putnam money market fund







1


2


3


4


5


Next




















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Putnam money market fund






Web Results



Putnam Money Market Fund (PDDXX) - Putnam Investments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/62-money-market-fund/A
Pursuing income while preserving capital with short-term investments since 1976
. Learn more about Putnam Money Market Fund (Class A).



Full holdings for Putnam money market funds - Putnam Inveesments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/full-holdings
For more information, visit the SEC website, which will display Putnam Money 
Market Fund's most recent 12 months of filings on Form N-MFP (publically ...



Putnam Government Money Market Fund (PGDXX) - Putnam ...

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/779-government-money-market-fund/A
Apr 14, 2016 ... Pursuing income while preserving capital with the highest quality short-term 
investments.. Learn more about Putnam Government Money ...




More Results »



Is a money market fund a mutual fund?





Money Market Fund - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/m/money-marketfund.asp
An investment fund that holds the objective to earn interest for shareholders while 
maintaining a net asset value (NAV) of $1 per share. Mutual funds, brokerage ...



Money market fund - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_market_fund
A money market fund is an open-ended mutual fund that invests in short-term 
debt securities such as US Treasury bills and commercial paper. Money market ...



What is the difference between a mutual fund and money market ...

www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/051415/what-difference-between-mutual-fund-and-money-market-fund.asp
May 14, 2015 ... Learn what a mutual fund and a money market fund are, and understand the 
differences between each and how they serve various purposes ...




More Results »



What is the difference between a bond fund and a money market fund?





Short Term Bonds Funds vs. Money Market Funds - The Balance

www.thebalance.com/short-term-bonds-funds-vs-money-market-funds-416961
Nov 6, 2016 ... How Do Short-Term Bond Funds Compare to Money Market Funds ... depending 
on their underlying investments) – a difference that can add up over time. ... The 
funds typically invest in bonds with maturities of between six ...



Money Market vs. Short-Term Bonds: A Compare and Contrast Case ...

www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/041916/money-market-vs-shortterm-bonds-compare-and-contrast-case-study.asp
Apr 19, 2016 ... On a short-term basis, money market funds and short-term bonds are both 
excellent ... bonds, including how the investments are alike and different, and ... A 
bond functions like a loan between an investor and a corporation.



Money Market: What Is It? - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/university/moneymarket/moneymarket1.asp
Larger corporations will generally participate directly via their dealer, while 
smaller companies with excess cash might just park it in a money market mutual 
fund, ...




More Results »



Putnam money market fund







1


2


3


4


5


Next




















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Putnam money market fund






Web Results



Putnam Money Market Fund (PDDXX) - Putnam Investments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/62-money-market-fund/A
Pursuing income while preserving capital with short-term investments since 1976
. Learn more about Putnam Money Market Fund (Class A).



Full holdings for Putnam money market funds - Putnam Inveesments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/full-holdings
For more information, visit the SEC website, which will display Putnam Money 
Market Fund's most recent 12 months of filings on Form N-MFP (publically ...



Putnam Government Money Market Fund (PGDXX) - Putnam ...

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/779-government-money-market-fund/A
Apr 14, 2016 ... Pursuing income while preserving capital with the highest quality short-term 
investments.. Learn more about Putnam Government Money ...




More Results »



Is a money market fund a mutual fund?





Money Market Fund - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/m/money-marketfund.asp
An investment fund that holds the objective to earn interest for shareholders while 
maintaining a net asset value (NAV) of $1 per share. Mutual funds, brokerage ...



Money market fund - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_market_fund
A money market fund is an open-ended mutual fund that invests in short-term 
debt securities such as US Treasury bills and commercial paper. Money market ...



What is the difference between a mutual fund and money market ...

www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/051415/what-difference-between-mutual-fund-and-money-market-fund.asp
May 14, 2015 ... Learn what a mutual fund and a money market fund are, and understand the 
differences between each and how they serve various purposes ...




More Results »



What is the difference between a bond fund and a money market fund?





Short Term Bonds Funds vs. Money Market Funds - The Balance

www.thebalance.com/short-term-bonds-funds-vs-money-market-funds-416961
Nov 6, 2016 ... How Do Short-Term Bond Funds Compare to Money Market Funds ... depending 
on their underlying investments) – a difference that can add up over time. ... The 
funds typically invest in bonds with maturities of between six ...



Money Market vs. Short-Term Bonds: A Compare and Contrast Case ...

www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/041916/money-market-vs-shortterm-bonds-compare-and-contrast-case-study.asp
Apr 19, 2016 ... On a short-term basis, money market funds and short-term bonds are both 
excellent ... bonds, including how the investments are alike and different, and ... A 
bond functions like a loan between an investor and a corporation.



Money Market: What Is It? - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/university/moneymarket/moneymarket1.asp
Larger corporations will generally participate directly via their dealer, while 
smaller companies with excess cash might just park it in a money market mutual 
fund, ...




More Results »



Putnam money market fund







1


2


3


4


5


Next




















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Putnam money market fund






Web Results



Putnam Money Market Fund (PDDXX) - Putnam Investments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/62-money-market-fund/A
Pursuing income while preserving capital with short-term investments since 1976
. Learn more about Putnam Money Market Fund (Class A).



Full holdings for Putnam money market funds - Putnam Inveesments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/full-holdings
For more information, visit the SEC website, which will display Putnam Money 
Market Fund's most recent 12 months of filings on Form N-MFP (publically ...



Putnam Government Money Market Fund (PGDXX) - Putnam ...

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/779-government-money-market-fund/A
Apr 14, 2016 ... Pursuing income while preserving capital with the highest quality short-term 
investments.. Learn more about Putnam Government Money ...




More Results »



Is a money market fund a mutual fund?





Money Market Fund - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/m/money-marketfund.asp
An investment fund that holds the objective to earn interest for shareholders while 
maintaining a net asset value (NAV) of $1 per share. Mutual funds, brokerage ...



Money market fund - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_market_fund
A money market fund is an open-ended mutual fund that invests in short-term 
debt securities such as US Treasury bills and commercial paper. Money market ...



What is the difference between a mutual fund and money market ...

www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/051415/what-difference-between-mutual-fund-and-money-market-fund.asp
May 14, 2015 ... Learn what a mutual fund and a money market fund are, and understand the 
differences between each and how they serve various purposes ...




More Results »



What is the difference between a bond fund and a money market fund?





Short Term Bonds Funds vs. Money Market Funds - The Balance

www.thebalance.com/short-term-bonds-funds-vs-money-market-funds-416961
Nov 6, 2016 ... How Do Short-Term Bond Funds Compare to Money Market Funds ... depending 
on their underlying investments) – a difference that can add up over time. ... The 
funds typically invest in bonds with maturities of between six ...



Money Market vs. Short-Term Bonds: A Compare and Contrast Case ...

www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/041916/money-market-vs-shortterm-bonds-compare-and-contrast-case-study.asp
Apr 19, 2016 ... On a short-term basis, money market funds and short-term bonds are both 
excellent ... bonds, including how the investments are alike and different, and ... A 
bond functions like a loan between an investor and a corporation.



Money Market: What Is It? - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/university/moneymarket/moneymarket1.asp
Larger corporations will generally participate directly via their dealer, while 
smaller companies with excess cash might just park it in a money market mutual 
fund, ...




More Results »



Putnam money market fund







1


2


3


4


5


Next




















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC
























Ask.com - What's Your Question?
















Ask.com



















            
Answers



|

Videos














Putnam money market fund






Web Results



Putnam Money Market Fund (PDDXX) - Putnam Investments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/62-money-market-fund/A
Pursuing income while preserving capital with short-term investments since 1976
. Learn more about Putnam Money Market Fund (Class A).



Full holdings for Putnam money market funds - Putnam Inveesments

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/full-holdings
For more information, visit the SEC website, which will display Putnam Money 
Market Fund's most recent 12 months of filings on Form N-MFP (publically ...



Putnam Government Money Market Fund (PGDXX) - Putnam ...

www.putnam.com/individual/mutual-funds/funds/779-government-money-market-fund/A
Apr 14, 2016 ... Pursuing income while preserving capital with the highest quality short-term 
investments.. Learn more about Putnam Government Money ...




More Results »



Is a money market fund a mutual fund?





Money Market Fund - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/terms/m/money-marketfund.asp
An investment fund that holds the objective to earn interest for shareholders while 
maintaining a net asset value (NAV) of $1 per share. Mutual funds, brokerage ...



Money market fund - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_market_fund
A money market fund is an open-ended mutual fund that invests in short-term 
debt securities such as US Treasury bills and commercial paper. Money market ...



What is the difference between a mutual fund and money market ...

www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/051415/what-difference-between-mutual-fund-and-money-market-fund.asp
May 14, 2015 ... Learn what a mutual fund and a money market fund are, and understand the 
differences between each and how they serve various purposes ...




More Results »



What is the difference between a bond fund and a money market fund?





Short Term Bonds Funds vs. Money Market Funds - The Balance

www.thebalance.com/short-term-bonds-funds-vs-money-market-funds-416961
Nov 6, 2016 ... How Do Short-Term Bond Funds Compare to Money Market Funds ... depending 
on their underlying investments) – a difference that can add up over time. ... The 
funds typically invest in bonds with maturities of between six ...



Money Market vs. Short-Term Bonds: A Compare and Contrast Case ...

www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/041916/money-market-vs-shortterm-bonds-compare-and-contrast-case-study.asp
Apr 19, 2016 ... On a short-term basis, money market funds and short-term bonds are both 
excellent ... bonds, including how the investments are alike and different, and ... A 
bond functions like a loan between an investor and a corporation.



Money Market: What Is It? - Investopedia

www.investopedia.com/university/moneymarket/moneymarket1.asp
Larger corporations will generally participate directly via their dealer, while 
smaller companies with excess cash might just park it in a money market mutual 
fund, ...




More Results »



Putnam money market fund







1


2


3


4


5


Next




















About


Privacy


Terms


Careers


Help


Feedback


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC


















 



Putnam Money Market Fund (PDDXX)
















 

































×
LinkedIn allows you to select who can see your connections.


Learn more
By making your connections visible:

Your connections can see your network and ask for introductions
You can ask your connections for introductions
You can fully participate in the LinkedIn social ecosystem and continually build your network

Decide who you want to connect with on LinkedIn:

Your shared connections are always visible, no matter what setting you choose
Consider removing some connections if you don't want them to see your network.










Putnam Investments - Financial Advisor




Login
Register
About Putnam
Contact us









 






Mutual funds



Absolute Return
Asset Allocation
Global Sector
Growth




Blend
Taxable Income
Tax-free Income
Value




Pricing and performance
Pricing policies
Historical pricing
Prospectuses/fund documents




See all mutual funds


Other investments

Closed-end funds
Annuities
Non-U.S. funds



FundVisualizer
 
Select a Putnam fund to compare
Putnam Growth Opportunities Fund
Putnam Pennsylvania Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Global Sector Fund
Putnam Multi-Cap Core Fund
Putnam Capital Spectrum Fund
Putnam Global Equity Fund
Putnam Equity Spectrum Fund
Putnam George Putnam Balanced Fund
Putnam Global Income Trust
Putnam Global Health Care Fund
Putnam Short Duration Income Fund
Putnam Dynamic Risk Allocation Fund
Putnam High Yield Fund
Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund
Putnam Multi-Cap Growth Fund
Putnam New Jersey Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2060 Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 700 Fund
Putnam Government Money Market Fund (A Shares)
Putnam Absolute Return 500 Fund
Putnam Equity Income Fund
Putnam Europe Equity Fund
Putnam American Government Income Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Conservative Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2055 Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Balanced Fund
Putnam New York Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Growth Fund
Putnam Retirement Income Fund Lifestyle 1
Putnam Ohio Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam International Equity Fund
Putnam Small Cap Value Fund
Putnam Massachusetts Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Diversified Income Trust
Putnam Convertible Securities Fund
Putnam California Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Global Financials Fund
Putnam Small Cap Growth Fund
Putnam Global Consumer Fund
Putnam International Capital Opportunities Fund
Putnam International Value Fund
Putnam Global Telecommunications Fund
Putnam Global Natural Resources Fund
Putnam Money Market Fund (A Shares)
Putnam Global Technology Fund
Putnam Global Industrials Fund
Putnam Capital Opportunities Fund
Putnam Tax-Free High Yield Fund
Putnam Global Utilities Fund
Putnam U.S. Government Income Trust
Putnam Research Fund
Putnam Minnesota Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam AMT-Free Municipal Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 300 Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund
Putnam Short-Term Municipal Income Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2030 Fund
Putnam International Growth Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2045 Fund
Putnam Intermediate-Term Municipal Income Fund
Putnam Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2050 Fund
Putnam Income Fund
Putnam Multi-Cap Value Fund
Putnam Low Volatility Equity Fund
Putnam Emerging Markets Income Fund
Putnam Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Putnam Investors Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2020 Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2025 Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2035 Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2040 Fund


Tax Center

Year-end distributions
Help with tax forms
Fund tax data





Our fundamental approach
Only an active approach can offer more than the market. Our portfolio managers invest with conviction based on fundamental research and a proactive view of risk.

All managers


Insights on investing

Revisiting "Thinking outside the index" (PDF)
Independent equity research: How we do it, and why it matters (PDF)



Manager spotlight


D. William Kohli
Chief Investment Officer, Fixed Income discusses how his background in quantitative analysis contributes to his approach to investing in dynamic markets.
Watch video »











Latest perspective


Value benefits from an expanding economy
Value stocks have lagged the market in 2017, but if the economy continues to expand, rates rise, and the yield curve steepens, this trend could reverse.






See all Perspectives posts


Market updates

60-second Insights
Weekly economic update
Webcasts and conference calls
Market Perspectives



Outlooks and research

Capital Markets Outlook
Fixed Income Outlook
Equity Outlook
Investment insights
Infographics





Help clients maneuver in markets.





More resources:

Putnam fund managers discuss the current investment environment.
Navigate changing rates by going beyond the indexes
Invest for tax-exempt income
Diversifying with asset allocation
Diversifying with absolute return






More ideas for your clients

Saving for college
Saving for retirement
Diversifying with income funds
Diversifying with global allocation
Diversifying with absolute return





FundVisualizer®



View over 30,000 funds, ETFs, and indexes
Build and compare portfolios
Import fund data
Create presentations
Free for advisors









Launch FundVisualizer | View a demo from our webcast replay




Tools and calculators

Order literature
CD vs. municipal bond calculator
Hypothetical expense calculator


See all tools


Frequently requested forms

Mutual Fund Account Application (PDF)
Designation of Beneficiary (PDF)
IRA forms and applications


See all forms




Ideas for wealth management


Don’t lose sight of discretionary spending in retirement plan
Planning for both discretionary spending as well as essential expenses is important when saving for retirement.






See all Wealth Management posts


Resources for you

Social media survey
Social media training
Advisor Tech Tips
Practice management
Continuing education
Portfolio Solutions



Resources for your clients

Order literature
Investor education
Client seminars





Over 75 years serving investors through advisors


To navigate complex financial markets, investors deserve an ally. Study after study confirms that investors benefit from working with financial advisors who can help develop and maintain a long-term strategy.



About our commitment to you



Standards of excellence
Supporting your efforts




Content for you and your clients
Your Putnam team
Backed by Great-West Lifeco







Why log in?
Login to access and manage your client information through Putnam's Daily Statement view or DST Vision.


Help logging in
For login assistance, please call support services at
 1-800-354-2228


Log in for account access via DST Vision



User ID





Password







 Remember me




Login




To create or reset a DST Vision ID, call: 1-800-354-2228. Non-U.S. advisors, call: +1 617-292-1000 x43051. (M-F, 8:30 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. ET)








 


Home
Mutual funds




Select another fund:
Absolute Return 100 Fund
Absolute Return 300 Fund
Absolute Return 500 Fund
Absolute Return 700 Fund
American Government Income Fund
AMT-Free Municipal Fund
California Tax Exempt Income Fund
Capital Opportunities Fund
Capital Spectrum Fund
Convertible Securities Fund
Diversified Income Trust
Dynamic Asset Allocation Balanced Fund
Dynamic Asset Allocation Conservative Fund
Dynamic Asset Allocation Growth Fund
Dynamic Risk Allocation Fund
Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Emerging Markets Income Fund
Equity Income Fund
Equity Spectrum Fund
Europe Equity Fund
Floating Rate Income Fund
George Putnam Balanced Fund
Global Consumer Fund
Global Equity Fund
Global Financials Fund
Global Health Care Fund
Global Income Trust
Global Industrials Fund
Global Natural Resources Fund
Global Sector Fund
Global Technology Fund
Global Telecommunications Fund
Global Utilities Fund
Government Money Market Fund
Growth Opportunities Fund
High Yield Fund
Income Fund
Intermediate-Term Municipal Income Fund
International Capital Opportunities Fund
International Equity Fund
International Growth Fund
International Value Fund
Investors Fund
Low Volatility Equity Fund
Massachusetts Tax Exempt Income Fund
Minnesota Tax Exempt Income Fund
Money Market Fund
Multi-Cap Core Fund
Multi-Cap Growth Fund
Multi-Cap Value Fund
New Jersey Tax Exempt Income Fund
New York Tax Exempt Income Fund
Ohio Tax Exempt Income Fund
Pennsylvania Tax Exempt Income Fund
Research Fund
Retirement Income Fund Lifestyle 1
RetirementReady 2020 Fund
RetirementReady 2025 Fund
RetirementReady 2030 Fund
RetirementReady 2035 Fund
RetirementReady 2040 Fund
RetirementReady 2045 Fund
RetirementReady 2050 Fund
RetirementReady 2055 Fund
RetirementReady 2060 Fund
Short Duration Income Fund
Short-Term Municipal Income Fund
Small Cap Growth Fund
Small Cap Value Fund
Tax Exempt Income Fund
Tax-Free High Yield Fund
U.S. Government Income Trust




Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1






Track Fund |






Money Market Fund (PDDXX)

 Pursuing income while preserving capital with short-term investments since 1976







Highlights
Performance
Holdings
Expenses
Asset Liquidity


Summary




Fund price
Yesterday's close
52-week high
52-week low




Net asset value

$1.00

0.00%
(
$0.00
)

$1.00

(05/04/17)


$1.00

(05/04/17)





 Historical







On:





Please select a valid start date

to:





Please select a valid date
(Optional)

Get prices


 



Management team






(pictured left to right)
Joanne M. Driscoll, CFA (industry since 1992)Michael J. Lima, CFA (industry since 1997)Jonathan M. Topper (industry since 1990)




Strategy and process

Capital preservation: The fund invests in highly rated money market instruments to maintain a stable net asset value and protect investors' wealth.
Attractive income: The portfolio managers use credit research to select a diverse portfolio of securities that offer above-average yields.
Leading research: The managers, supported by Putnam's fixed-income research division, manage risk by analyzing individual securities and overall market conditions.



 Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. 
Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares have no initial sales charge. Class B shares reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declines to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter. Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC for the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for B, C, M, R, and T1 shares before their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and higher operating expenses for such shares. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares generally have no CDSC. Please see the fund's prospectus for more details. Yield more closely reflects current performance than total return. 












Compare PDDXX




See how this fund stacks up against benchmarks or select your own fund to compare:









See your clients investing in this fund


Download a report showing fund, prices, share balances, and current value for your clients' portfolios (DST login required).



Objective
The fund seeks to provide as high a rate of current income as we believe is consistent with preservation of capital and maintenance of liquidity.


Fund facts
as of 06/30/17





Fiscal year end
September


Asset Class
Taxable Income


Inception date

10/01/76



Total net assets

$833.73M



Dividend frequency
Monthly


View distribution rate
 


Number of issuers
58



Open to new investors



CUSIP

746923101



Fund code

0008



Turnover (fiscal year end)
 --


Ticker

PDDXX








Literature
Add




Prospectus (PDF)



Annual Report (PDF)



Semiannual Report (PDF)




Add to order


View order




Related topics


Full holdings


Proxy voting results (Form N-PX) (PDF)


Comparing Putnam's taxable income funds (PDF)




** FundVisualizer comparison based on Putnam fund versus the largest fund in its Morningstar category.



Performance

Total return (%) as of 06/30/17


Annual

Cumulative





Annualized performance
1 yr.
3 yrs.
5 yrs.
10 yrs.




Before sales charge

0.27%


0.10%


0.06%


0.58%



After sales charge

0.27%


0.10%


0.06%


0.58%









Cumulative performance
1 yr.
3 yrs.
5 yrs.
10 yrs.




Before sales charge

0.27%


0.29%


0.31%


5.96%



After sales charge

0.27%


0.29%


0.31%


5.96%







Annual performance as of 06/30/17




 
 2007

 2008

 2009

 2010

 2011

 2012

 2013

 2014

 2015

 2016





Before sales charge

4.97%


2.71%


0.29%


0.05%


0.01%


0.01%


0.01%


0.01%


0.01%


0.04%






 Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. 
Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares have no initial sales charge. Class B shares reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declines to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter. Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC for the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for B, C, M, R, and T1 shares before their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and higher operating expenses for such shares. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares generally have no CDSC. Please see the fund's prospectus for more details. Yield more closely reflects current performance than total return.  



Yield




7-day yield as of 07/26/17

0.74%



30-day yield as of 07/26/17

0.72%







Lipper rankings as of 06/30/17



Money Market Funds
Percentile ranking
Rank/Funds in category




1 yr.


52%

56/108



3 yrs.


54%

49/91



5 yrs.


54%

49/91



10 yrs.


40%

34/85






Distributions




Accrual days
30


Accrual start date
06/01/17


Accrual end date
06/30/17


Payable date
06/30/17


Income

$0.000536568



Extra taxable income

$0.0



Dividend frequency
Monthly







Lipper rankings are based on total return without sales charge
relative to all share classes of funds with similar objectives as
determined by Lipper. Past performance is not indicative of future
results.


The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.


The up-market capture ratio is used to evaluate how well an investment manager performed relative to an index during periods when that index has risen. The ratio is
calculated by dividing the manager’s returns by the returns of the index during the up-market, and multiplying that factor by 100. The down-market capture ratio
is used to evaluate how well an investment manager performed relative to an index during periods when that index has dropped. The ratio is calculated by dividing the
manager’s returns by the returns of the index during the down-market and multiplying that factor by 100.



Holdings

Top 10 issuers as of 06/30/17




Commonwealth Bank Of Australia

3.06%



 





Wells Fargo

2.88%



 





Bank of America

2.25%



 





Svenska Handelsbanken/NY

2.22%



 





Collateralized Commercial Paper Co LLC

2.16%



 





Toronto Dominion Bank/NY

2.04%



 





Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman

2.04%



 





Regency markets no. 1 LLC

2.04%



 





CHARIOT FUNDING LLC

1.98%



 





SwedBank

1.98%



 





Top 10 issuers, percent of portfolio

22.65%



 








 | Prior top 10 issuers


Full portfolio holdings







Prior top 10 issuers



Top 10 issuers as of 06/30/17




Commonwealth Bank Of Australia


Wells Fargo


Bank of America


Svenska Handelsbanken/NY


Collateralized Commercial Paper Co LLC


Toronto Dominion Bank/NY


Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman


Regency markets no. 1 LLC


CHARIOT FUNDING LLC


SwedBank




Issuers represent
22.65%
of portfolio






Top 10 issuers as of 05/31/17




Commonwealth Bank Of Australia


Toronto Dominion Bank/NY


Svenska Handelsbanken/NY


Bank Of America


Australia & New Zealand Banking Group


Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman


Regency markets no. 1 LLC


Canadian Imperial Bank Comm/NY


SwedBank


Simon Property Group




Issuers represent
22.76%
of portfolio






Top 10 issuers as of 04/30/17




Toronto Dominion Bank/NY


Svenska Handelsbanken/NY


Bank of America


Collateralized Commercial Paper Co LLC


Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman


Canadian Imperial Bank Comm/NY


MetlifeShort Term Funding LLC


Thunder Bay Funding


Liberty street funding


Westpac Banking




Issuers represent
20.31%
of portfolio






Top 10 issuers as of 03/31/17




Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman


Credit Agricole Corp&Inv Bank/Grand Cayman


Bnp Paribas/Cayman Islands


Societe General


Westpac Banking


Canadian Imperial Bank Comm/NY


Bank Of Nova Scotia


National Australia Bank


Dnb Bank ASA


CHARIOT FUNDING LLC




Issuers represent
16.56%
of portfolio






Portfolio composition as of 06/30/17





Repurchase agreements


29.27%



 






Certificates of deposit


27.51%



 






Commercial paper


21.53%



 






Asset-backed commercial paper


16.12%



 






Time deposits


5.64%



 






Cash and net other assets


-0.07%



 









Fixed income statistics as of 06/30/17



Average maturity

20.98
days






Fund characteristics will vary over time.
Due to rounding, percentages may not equal 100%.


 Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. 
Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares have no initial sales charge. Class B shares reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declines to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter. Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC for the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for B, C, M, R, and T1 shares before their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and higher operating expenses for such shares. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares generally have no CDSC. Please see the fund's prospectus for more details. Yield more closely reflects current performance than total return. 


Expenses






Expense ratio
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1




Total expense ratio

0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%



What you pay

0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%







Sales charge/Dealer allowance




 Breakpoint
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1




$0-$49,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$50,000-$99,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$100,000-$249,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$250,000-$499,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$500,000-$999,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$1M-$4M
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$4M-$50M
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$50M+
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --







CDSC




 

Class A


Class B


Class C


Class M


Class R


Class T1





0 to 9 mts.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



9 to 12 mts.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



2 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



3 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



4 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



5 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



6 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



7+ yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --







Trail commissions




 
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1




  
0.00%


0.00%


0.50%


0.15%


0.50%


0.25%



  NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA


  NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA







A multi-faceted view of the portfolio

Below you can find continuously updated views of the portfolio's daily and weekly liquid asset levels, its net asset value
(NAV), and asset flows into and out of the portfolio. Together, these graphs provide insights on the portfolio's resilience
during periods of heightened risk in the money market, and are the focus of government policies designed to maintain market stability.




Daily and weekly liquid assets as of 

This graph displays the percentage of the fund's total assets invested in daily and weekly liquid assets as of the end of each business day during the preceding six months. The fund is required to invest at least 10% of its total assets in daily liquid assets and at least 30% of its total assets in weekly liquid assets. Daily liquid assets include cash, direct obligations of the U.S. government, securities that will mature or are subject to a demand feature that is exercisable and payable within one business day, and receivables scheduled to be paid within one business day. Weekly liquid assets include daily liquid assets, government agency discount notes with remaining maturities of 60 days or less, securities that will mature or are subject to a
demand feature that is exercisable and payable within five business days, and receivables scheduled to be paid within five business days.






Fluctuating net asset value as of 

This graph displays the fund's daily net asset value (NAV) per share during the preceding six months as if it were calculated using the market value of the fund's portfolio as of the end of each business day during that period.


The market-value or "shadow" net asset value per share shown below for a given day may differ from the official NAV used for transactions in fund shares. The official NAV is shown on the "Highlights" tab. The shadow net asset value per share shown below does not reflect the application of the amortized cost method of valuing fund portfolio holdings, which normally allows the fund to maintain an official NAV of $1.00 per share. When a shareholder buys or redeems fund shares, the official NAV would be used as the net asset value per share.






Daily net asset flows as of 
This graph displays the dollar amount of net shareholder inflows or outflows of the fund as of the end of each business day during the preceding six months.




In accordance with recent rule changes by the SEC, Putnam Money Market Fund intends to operate as a "retail money market fund" as defined by Rule 2a-7. As a result, the fund will only be available to natural persons and, effective on or about October 10, 2016, will be subject to liquidity fees and redemption gates under certain circumstances. For more information, see the fund's latest prospectus.
You could lose money by investing in the fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.




Yield more closely reflects current performance than total return.  Consider these risks before investing: You can lose money by investing in the fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below certain required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. The values of money market investments usually rise and fall in response to changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is generally lowest for investments with short maturities (a significant part of the fund's investments). Although the fund only buys high quality investments, investments backed by a letter of credit have the risk that the provider of the letter of credit will not be able to fulfill its obligations to the issuer. The effects of inflation may erode the value of your investment over time.



























 



Putnam Money Market Fund (PDDXX) - Putnam Investments



































Putnam Investments - Individual Investors


Login
About Putnam
Contact Us










 



Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn


Home
Mutual funds




Select another fund:
Absolute Return 100 Fund
Absolute Return 300 Fund
Absolute Return 500 Fund
Absolute Return 700 Fund
American Government Income Fund
AMT-Free Municipal Fund
California Tax Exempt Income Fund
Capital Opportunities Fund
Capital Spectrum Fund
Convertible Securities Fund
Diversified Income Trust
Dynamic Asset Allocation Balanced Fund
Dynamic Asset Allocation Conservative Fund
Dynamic Asset Allocation Growth Fund
Dynamic Risk Allocation Fund
Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Emerging Markets Income Fund
Equity Income Fund
Equity Spectrum Fund
Europe Equity Fund
Floating Rate Income Fund
George Putnam Balanced Fund
Global Consumer Fund
Global Equity Fund
Global Financials Fund
Global Health Care Fund
Global Income Trust
Global Industrials Fund
Global Natural Resources Fund
Global Sector Fund
Global Technology Fund
Global Telecommunications Fund
Global Utilities Fund
Government Money Market Fund
Growth Opportunities Fund
High Yield Fund
Income Fund
Intermediate-Term Municipal Income Fund
International Capital Opportunities Fund
International Equity Fund
International Growth Fund
International Value Fund
Investors Fund
Low Volatility Equity Fund
Massachusetts Tax Exempt Income Fund
Minnesota Tax Exempt Income Fund
Money Market Fund
Multi-Cap Core Fund
Multi-Cap Growth Fund
Multi-Cap Value Fund
New Jersey Tax Exempt Income Fund
New York Tax Exempt Income Fund
Ohio Tax Exempt Income Fund
Pennsylvania Tax Exempt Income Fund
Research Fund
Retirement Income Fund Lifestyle 1
RetirementReady 2020 Fund
RetirementReady 2025 Fund
RetirementReady 2030 Fund
RetirementReady 2035 Fund
RetirementReady 2040 Fund
RetirementReady 2045 Fund
RetirementReady 2050 Fund
RetirementReady 2055 Fund
RetirementReady 2060 Fund
Short Duration Income Fund
Short-Term Municipal Income Fund
Small Cap Growth Fund
Small Cap Value Fund
Tax Exempt Income Fund
Tax-Free High Yield Fund
U.S. Government Income Trust




Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1









Money Market Fund (PDDXX)

 Pursuing income while preserving capital with short-term investments since 1976







Highlights
Performance
Holdings
Expenses
Asset Liquidity


Summary




Fund price
Yesterday's close
52-week high
52-week low




Net asset value

$1.00

0.00%
(
$0.00
)

$1.00

(05/04/17)


$1.00

(05/04/17)





 Historical







On:





Please select a valid start date

to:





Please select a valid date
(Optional)

Get prices


 



Management team






(pictured left to right)
Joanne M. Driscoll, CFA (industry since 1992)Michael J. Lima, CFA (industry since 1997)Jonathan M. Topper (industry since 1990)




Strategy and process

Capital preservation: The fund invests in highly rated money market instruments to maintain a stable net asset value and protect investors' wealth.
Attractive income: The portfolio managers use credit research to select a diverse portfolio of securities that offer above-average yields.
Leading research: The managers, supported by Putnam's fixed-income research division, manage risk by analyzing individual securities and overall market conditions.



 Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. 
Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares have no initial sales charge. Class B shares reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declines to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter. Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC for the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for B, C, M, R, and T1 shares before their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and higher operating expenses for such shares. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares generally have no CDSC. Please see the fund's prospectus for more details. Yield more closely reflects current performance than total return. 



Objective
The fund seeks to provide as high a rate of current income as we believe is consistent with preservation of capital and maintenance of liquidity.


Fund facts
as of 06/30/17





Fiscal year end
September


Asset Class
Taxable Income


Inception date

10/01/76



Total net assets

$833.73M



Dividend frequency
Monthly


View distribution rate
 


Number of issuers
58



Open to new investors



CUSIP

746923101



Fund code

0008



Turnover (fiscal year end)
 --


Ticker

PDDXX







Literature


Prospectuses/SAI


Annual Fund Report (PDF)


Semiannual Fund Report (PDF)


Full holdings




Related topics


Putnam's Tax Center


Perspectives







Performance

Total return (%) as of 06/30/17


Annual

Cumulative





Annualized performance
1 yr.
3 yrs.
5 yrs.
10 yrs.




Before sales charge

0.27%


0.10%


0.06%


0.58%



After sales charge

0.27%


0.10%


0.06%


0.58%









Cumulative performance
1 yr.
3 yrs.
5 yrs.
10 yrs.




Before sales charge

0.27%


0.29%


0.31%


5.96%



After sales charge

0.27%


0.29%


0.31%


5.96%







Annual performance as of 06/30/17




 
 2007

 2008

 2009

 2010

 2011

 2012

 2013

 2014

 2015

 2016





Before sales charge

4.97%


2.71%


0.29%


0.05%


0.01%


0.01%


0.01%


0.01%


0.01%


0.04%






 Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. 
Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares have no initial sales charge. Class B shares reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declines to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter. Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC for the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for B, C, M, R, and T1 shares before their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and higher operating expenses for such shares. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares generally have no CDSC. Please see the fund's prospectus for more details. Yield more closely reflects current performance than total return.  



Yield




7-day yield as of 07/26/17

0.74%



30-day yield as of 07/26/17

0.72%







Lipper rankings as of 06/30/17



Money Market Funds
Percentile ranking
Rank/Funds in category




1 yr.


52%

56/108



3 yrs.


54%

49/91



5 yrs.


54%

49/91



10 yrs.


40%

34/85






Distributions




Accrual days
30


Accrual start date
06/01/17


Accrual end date
06/30/17


Payable date
06/30/17


Income

$0.000536568



Extra taxable income

$0.0



Dividend frequency
Monthly







Lipper rankings are based on total return without sales charge
relative to all share classes of funds with similar objectives as
determined by Lipper. Past performance is not indicative of future
results.


The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.


The up-market capture ratio is used to evaluate how well an investment manager performed relative to an index during periods when that index has risen. The ratio is
calculated by dividing the manager’s returns by the returns of the index during the up-market, and multiplying that factor by 100. The down-market capture ratio
is used to evaluate how well an investment manager performed relative to an index during periods when that index has dropped. The ratio is calculated by dividing the
manager’s returns by the returns of the index during the down-market and multiplying that factor by 100.



Holdings

Top 10 issuers as of 06/30/17




Commonwealth Bank Of Australia

3.06%



 





Wells Fargo

2.88%



 





Bank of America

2.25%



 





Svenska Handelsbanken/NY

2.22%



 





Collateralized Commercial Paper Co LLC

2.16%



 





Toronto Dominion Bank/NY

2.04%



 





Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman

2.04%



 





Regency markets no. 1 LLC

2.04%



 





CHARIOT FUNDING LLC

1.98%



 





SwedBank

1.98%



 





Top 10 issuers, percent of portfolio

22.65%



 








 | Prior top 10 issuers


Full portfolio holdings







Prior top 10 issuers



Top 10 issuers as of 06/30/17




Commonwealth Bank Of Australia


Wells Fargo


Bank of America


Svenska Handelsbanken/NY


Collateralized Commercial Paper Co LLC


Toronto Dominion Bank/NY


Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman


Regency markets no. 1 LLC


CHARIOT FUNDING LLC


SwedBank




Issuers represent
22.65%
of portfolio






Top 10 issuers as of 05/31/17




Commonwealth Bank Of Australia


Toronto Dominion Bank/NY


Svenska Handelsbanken/NY


Bank Of America


Australia & New Zealand Banking Group


Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman


Regency markets no. 1 LLC


Canadian Imperial Bank Comm/NY


SwedBank


Simon Property Group




Issuers represent
22.76%
of portfolio






Top 10 issuers as of 04/30/17




Toronto Dominion Bank/NY


Svenska Handelsbanken/NY


Bank of America


Collateralized Commercial Paper Co LLC


Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman


Canadian Imperial Bank Comm/NY


MetlifeShort Term Funding LLC


Thunder Bay Funding


Liberty street funding


Westpac Banking




Issuers represent
20.31%
of portfolio






Top 10 issuers as of 03/31/17




Australia & New Zealand Banking Group/Cayman


Credit Agricole Corp&Inv Bank/Grand Cayman


Bnp Paribas/Cayman Islands


Societe General


Westpac Banking


Canadian Imperial Bank Comm/NY


Bank Of Nova Scotia


National Australia Bank


Dnb Bank ASA


CHARIOT FUNDING LLC




Issuers represent
16.56%
of portfolio






Portfolio composition as of 06/30/17





Repurchase agreements


29.27%



 






Certificates of deposit


27.51%



 






Commercial paper


21.53%



 






Asset-backed commercial paper


16.12%



 






Time deposits


5.64%



 






Cash and net other assets


-0.07%



 









Fixed income statistics as of 06/30/17



Average maturity

20.98
days






Fund characteristics will vary over time.
Due to rounding, percentages may not equal 100%.


 Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. 
Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares have no initial sales charge. Class B shares reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declines to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter. Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC for the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for B, C, M, R, and T1 shares before their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and higher operating expenses for such shares. Class A, M, R, and T1 shares generally have no CDSC. Please see the fund's prospectus for more details. Yield more closely reflects current performance than total return. 


Expenses






Expense ratio
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1




Total expense ratio

0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%



What you pay

0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%


0.51%







Sales charge




Investment Breakpoint
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1




$0-$49,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$50,000-$99,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$100,000-$249,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$250,000-$499,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$500,000-$999,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$1M-$4M
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$4M-$50M
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$50M+
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --







CDSC




 

Class A


Class B


Class C


Class M


Class R


Class T1





0 to 9 mts.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



9 to 12 mts.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



2 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



3 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



4 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



5 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



6 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



7+ yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --








A multi-faceted view of the portfolio

Below you can find continuously updated views of the portfolio's daily and weekly liquid asset levels, its net asset value
(NAV), and asset flows into and out of the portfolio. Together, these graphs provide insights on the portfolio's resilience
during periods of heightened risk in the money market, and are the focus of government policies designed to maintain market stability.




Daily and weekly liquid assets as of 

This graph displays the percentage of the fund's total assets invested in daily and weekly liquid assets as of the end of each business day during the preceding six months. The fund is required to invest at least 10% of its total assets in daily liquid assets and at least 30% of its total assets in weekly liquid assets. Daily liquid assets include cash, direct obligations of the U.S. government, securities that will mature or are subject to a demand feature that is exercisable and payable within one business day, and receivables scheduled to be paid within one business day. Weekly liquid assets include daily liquid assets, government agency discount notes with remaining maturities of 60 days or less, securities that will mature or are subject to a
demand feature that is exercisable and payable within five business days, and receivables scheduled to be paid within five business days.






Fluctuating net asset value as of 

This graph displays the fund's daily net asset value (NAV) per share during the preceding six months as if it were calculated using the market value of the fund's portfolio as of the end of each business day during that period.


The market-value or "shadow" net asset value per share shown below for a given day may differ from the official NAV used for transactions in fund shares. The official NAV is shown on the "Highlights" tab. The shadow net asset value per share shown below does not reflect the application of the amortized cost method of valuing fund portfolio holdings, which normally allows the fund to maintain an official NAV of $1.00 per share. When a shareholder buys or redeems fund shares, the official NAV would be used as the net asset value per share.






Daily net asset flows as of 
This graph displays the dollar amount of net shareholder inflows or outflows of the fund as of the end of each business day during the preceding six months.




In accordance with recent rule changes by the SEC, Putnam Money Market Fund intends to operate as a "retail money market fund" as defined by Rule 2a-7. As a result, the fund will only be available to natural persons and, effective on or about October 10, 2016, will be subject to liquidity fees and redemption gates under certain circumstances. For more information, see the fund's latest prospectus.
You could lose money by investing in the fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.





Yield more closely reflects current performance than total return.  Consider these risks before investing: You can lose money by investing in the fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below certain required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. The values of money market investments usually rise and fall in response to changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is generally lowest for investments with short maturities (a significant part of the fund's investments). Although the fund only buys high quality investments, investments backed by a letter of credit have the risk that the provider of the letter of credit will not be able to fulfill its obligations to the issuer. The effects of inflation may erode the value of your investment over time.






















 



Putnam Government Money Market Fund (PGDXX)
















 

































×
LinkedIn allows you to select who can see your connections.


Learn more
By making your connections visible:

Your connections can see your network and ask for introductions
You can ask your connections for introductions
You can fully participate in the LinkedIn social ecosystem and continually build your network

Decide who you want to connect with on LinkedIn:

Your shared connections are always visible, no matter what setting you choose
Consider removing some connections if you don't want them to see your network.










Putnam Investments - Financial Advisor




Login
Register
About Putnam
Contact us









 






Mutual funds



Absolute Return
Asset Allocation
Global Sector
Growth




Blend
Taxable Income
Tax-free Income
Value




Pricing and performance
Pricing policies
Historical pricing
Prospectuses/fund documents




See all mutual funds


Other investments

Closed-end funds
Annuities
Non-U.S. funds



FundVisualizer
 
Select a Putnam fund to compare
Putnam Growth Opportunities Fund
Putnam Pennsylvania Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Global Sector Fund
Putnam Multi-Cap Core Fund
Putnam Capital Spectrum Fund
Putnam Global Equity Fund
Putnam Equity Spectrum Fund
Putnam George Putnam Balanced Fund
Putnam Global Income Trust
Putnam Global Health Care Fund
Putnam Short Duration Income Fund
Putnam Dynamic Risk Allocation Fund
Putnam High Yield Fund
Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund
Putnam Multi-Cap Growth Fund
Putnam New Jersey Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2060 Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 700 Fund
Putnam Government Money Market Fund (A Shares)
Putnam Absolute Return 500 Fund
Putnam Equity Income Fund
Putnam Europe Equity Fund
Putnam American Government Income Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Conservative Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2055 Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Balanced Fund
Putnam New York Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Dynamic Asset Allocation Growth Fund
Putnam Retirement Income Fund Lifestyle 1
Putnam Ohio Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam International Equity Fund
Putnam Small Cap Value Fund
Putnam Massachusetts Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Diversified Income Trust
Putnam Convertible Securities Fund
Putnam California Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam Global Financials Fund
Putnam Small Cap Growth Fund
Putnam Global Consumer Fund
Putnam International Capital Opportunities Fund
Putnam International Value Fund
Putnam Global Telecommunications Fund
Putnam Global Natural Resources Fund
Putnam Money Market Fund (A Shares)
Putnam Global Technology Fund
Putnam Global Industrials Fund
Putnam Capital Opportunities Fund
Putnam Tax-Free High Yield Fund
Putnam Global Utilities Fund
Putnam U.S. Government Income Trust
Putnam Research Fund
Putnam Minnesota Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam AMT-Free Municipal Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 300 Fund
Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund
Putnam Short-Term Municipal Income Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2030 Fund
Putnam International Growth Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2045 Fund
Putnam Intermediate-Term Municipal Income Fund
Putnam Tax Exempt Income Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2050 Fund
Putnam Income Fund
Putnam Multi-Cap Value Fund
Putnam Low Volatility Equity Fund
Putnam Emerging Markets Income Fund
Putnam Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Putnam Investors Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2020 Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2025 Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2035 Fund
Putnam RetirementReady 2040 Fund


Tax Center

Year-end distributions
Help with tax forms
Fund tax data





Our fundamental approach
Only an active approach can offer more than the market. Our portfolio managers invest with conviction based on fundamental research and a proactive view of risk.

All managers


Insights on investing

Revisiting "Thinking outside the index" (PDF)
Independent equity research: How we do it, and why it matters (PDF)



Manager spotlight


D. William Kohli
Chief Investment Officer, Fixed Income discusses how his background in quantitative analysis contributes to his approach to investing in dynamic markets.
Watch video »











Latest perspective


Value benefits from an expanding economy
Value stocks have lagged the market in 2017, but if the economy continues to expand, rates rise, and the yield curve steepens, this trend could reverse.






See all Perspectives posts


Market updates

60-second Insights
Weekly economic update
Webcasts and conference calls
Market Perspectives



Outlooks and research

Capital Markets Outlook
Fixed Income Outlook
Equity Outlook
Investment insights
Infographics





Help clients maneuver in markets.





More resources:

Putnam fund managers discuss the current investment environment.
Navigate changing rates by going beyond the indexes
Invest for tax-exempt income
Diversifying with asset allocation
Diversifying with absolute return






More ideas for your clients

Saving for college
Saving for retirement
Diversifying with income funds
Diversifying with global allocation
Diversifying with absolute return





FundVisualizer®



View over 30,000 funds, ETFs, and indexes
Build and compare portfolios
Import fund data
Create presentations
Free for advisors









Launch FundVisualizer | View a demo from our webcast replay




Tools and calculators

Order literature
CD vs. municipal bond calculator
Hypothetical expense calculator


See all tools


Frequently requested forms

Mutual Fund Account Application (PDF)
Designation of Beneficiary (PDF)
IRA forms and applications


See all forms




Ideas for wealth management


Don’t lose sight of discretionary spending in retirement plan
Planning for both discretionary spending as well as essential expenses is important when saving for retirement.






See all Wealth Management posts


Resources for you

Social media survey
Social media training
Advisor Tech Tips
Practice management
Continuing education
Portfolio Solutions



Resources for your clients

Order literature
Investor education
Client seminars





Over 75 years serving investors through advisors


To navigate complex financial markets, investors deserve an ally. Study after study confirms that investors benefit from working with financial advisors who can help develop and maintain a long-term strategy.



About our commitment to you



Standards of excellence
Supporting your efforts




Content for you and your clients
Your Putnam team
Backed by Great-West Lifeco







Why log in?
Login to access and manage your client information through Putnam's Daily Statement view or DST Vision.


Help logging in
For login assistance, please call support services at
 1-800-354-2228


Log in for account access via DST Vision



User ID





Password







 Remember me




Login




To create or reset a DST Vision ID, call: 1-800-354-2228. Non-U.S. advisors, call: +1 617-292-1000 x43051. (M-F, 8:30 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. ET)








 


Home
Mutual funds




Select another fund:
Absolute Return 100 Fund
Absolute Return 300 Fund
Absolute Return 500 Fund
Absolute Return 700 Fund
American Government Income Fund
AMT-Free Municipal Fund
California Tax Exempt Income Fund
Capital Opportunities Fund
Capital Spectrum Fund
Convertible Securities Fund
Diversified Income Trust
Dynamic Asset Allocation Balanced Fund
Dynamic Asset Allocation Conservative Fund
Dynamic Asset Allocation Growth Fund
Dynamic Risk Allocation Fund
Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Emerging Markets Income Fund
Equity Income Fund
Equity Spectrum Fund
Europe Equity Fund
Floating Rate Income Fund
George Putnam Balanced Fund
Global Consumer Fund
Global Equity Fund
Global Financials Fund
Global Health Care Fund
Global Income Trust
Global Industrials Fund
Global Natural Resources Fund
Global Sector Fund
Global Technology Fund
Global Telecommunications Fund
Global Utilities Fund
Government Money Market Fund
Growth Opportunities Fund
High Yield Fund
Income Fund
Intermediate-Term Municipal Income Fund
International Capital Opportunities Fund
International Equity Fund
International Growth Fund
International Value Fund
Investors Fund
Low Volatility Equity Fund
Massachusetts Tax Exempt Income Fund
Minnesota Tax Exempt Income Fund
Money Market Fund
Multi-Cap Core Fund
Multi-Cap Growth Fund
Multi-Cap Value Fund
New Jersey Tax Exempt Income Fund
New York Tax Exempt Income Fund
Ohio Tax Exempt Income Fund
Pennsylvania Tax Exempt Income Fund
Research Fund
Retirement Income Fund Lifestyle 1
RetirementReady 2020 Fund
RetirementReady 2025 Fund
RetirementReady 2030 Fund
RetirementReady 2035 Fund
RetirementReady 2040 Fund
RetirementReady 2045 Fund
RetirementReady 2050 Fund
RetirementReady 2055 Fund
RetirementReady 2060 Fund
Short Duration Income Fund
Short-Term Municipal Income Fund
Small Cap Growth Fund
Small Cap Value Fund
Tax Exempt Income Fund
Tax-Free High Yield Fund
U.S. Government Income Trust




Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1






Track Fund |






Government Money Market Fund (PGDXX)

 Pursuing income while preserving capital with the highest quality short-term investments.





Highlights
Performance
Holdings
Expenses
Asset Liquidity


Summary




Fund price
Yesterday's close
52-week high
52-week low




Net asset value

$1.00

0.00%
(
$0.00
)

$1.00

(08/09/16)


$1.00

(08/09/16)





 Historical







On:





Please select a valid start date

to:





Please select a valid date
(Optional)

Get prices


 



Management team






(pictured left to right)
Joanne M. Driscoll, CFA (industry since 1992)Jonathan M. Topper (industry since 1990)




Strategy and process

Capital preservation: The fund invests at least 99.5 percent of its total assets in cash, U.S. government securities, and repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government securities or cash.
A high-quality portfolio: The fund invests in high-quality debt securities that are obligations of the U.S. government and its agencies and instrumentalities. Accordingly, the vast majority of the portfolio is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States or by the credit of a federal agency or government-sponsored entity, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Leading research: The fund's veteran portfolio managers, supported by Putnam's fixed income research division, manage risk by analyzing individual securities and overall market conditions.



  













Compare PGDXX




See how this fund stacks up against benchmarks or select your own fund to compare:









See your clients investing in this fund


Download a report showing fund, prices, share balances, and current value for your clients' portfolios (DST login required).



Objective
The fund seeks as high a rate of current income as we believe is consistent with preservation of capital and maintenance of liquidity.


Fund facts
as of 06/30/17





Fiscal year end
September


Asset Class
Taxable Income


Inception date

04/14/16



Total net assets

$117.77M



Dividend frequency
Monthly


View distribution rate
 


Number of issuers
6



Open to new investors



CUSIP

74680A505



Fund code

0090



Turnover (fiscal year end)
 --


Ticker

PGDXX








Literature
Add



Fact Sheet (A share) (PDF)



Summary Prospectus (PDF)



Statutory Prospectus (PDF)



Annual Report (PDF)



Semiannual Report (PDF)




Add to order


View order




Related topics


Full holdings


Comparing Putnam's taxable income funds (PDF)




** FundVisualizer comparison based on Putnam fund versus the largest fund in its Morningstar category.



Performance

Total return (%) as of 06/30/17


Annual

Cumulative





Annualized performance
1 yr.
3 yrs.
5 yrs.
Life (inception: 04/14/16
)




Before sales charge

0.06%

--
--

0.05%



After sales charge

0.06%

--
--

0.05%









Cumulative performance
1 yr.
3 yrs.
5 yrs.
Life




Before sales charge

0.06%

--
--

0.06%



After sales charge

0.06%

--
--

0.06%






  




Performance snapshot




 
Before sales charge
After sales charge




1 mt.

0.03
%

0.03
%


as of 06/30/17


YTD

0.08
%

0.08
%


as of 07/26/17






Yield




7-day yield as of 07/26/17

0.43%



30-day yield as of 07/26/17

0.42%







Lipper rankings as of 06/30/17



U.S. Government Money Market Funds
Percentile ranking
Rank/Funds in category




1 yr.


53%

88/166



3 yrs.

 
--



5 yrs.

 
--



10 yrs.

 
--






Distributions




Accrual days
30


Accrual start date
06/01/17


Accrual end date
06/30/17


Payable date
06/30/17


Income

$0.000295085



Extra taxable income

$0.0



Dividend frequency
Monthly







Lipper rankings are based on total return without sales charge
relative to all share classes of funds with similar objectives as
determined by Lipper. Past performance is not indicative of future
results.


The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.


The up-market capture ratio is used to evaluate how well an investment manager performed relative to an index during periods when that index has risen. The ratio is
calculated by dividing the manager’s returns by the returns of the index during the up-market, and multiplying that factor by 100. The down-market capture ratio
is used to evaluate how well an investment manager performed relative to an index during periods when that index has dropped. The ratio is calculated by dividing the
manager’s returns by the returns of the index during the down-market and multiplying that factor by 100.



Holdings

Top issuers as of 06/30/17




Federal Home Loan Banks

4.50%



 





United States of America

3.57%



 





Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp

2.68%



 





Federal National Mortgage Association

2.51%



 





Federal Farm Credit Bank

2.46%



 





Top issuers, percent of portfolio

15.72%



 








 | Prior top issuers


Full portfolio holdings







Prior top issuers



Top issuers as of 06/30/17




Federal Home Loan Banks


United States of America


Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp


Federal National Mortgage Association


Federal Farm Credit Bank




Issuers represent
15.72%
of portfolio






Top issuers as of 05/31/17




Federal Home Loan Banks


Federal Farm Credit Bank


United States of America


Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp


Federal National Mortgage Association




Issuers represent
20.38%
of portfolio






Top issuers as of 04/30/17




United States of America


Federal Home Loan Banks


Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp


Federal Farm Credit Bank


Federal National Mortgage Association




Issuers represent
23.70%
of portfolio






Top issuers as of 03/31/17




Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp


United States of America


Federal National Mortgage Assn


Federal Home Loan Banks


Federal Farm Credit Bank




Issuers represent
33.78%
of portfolio






Portfolio composition as of 06/30/17





Repurchase agreements


84.37%



 






U.S. Government agency debt


12.15%



 






U.S. Treasury debt


3.57%



 






Cash and net other assets


-0.09%



 









Fixed income statistics as of 06/30/17



Average maturity

9.70
days






Fund characteristics will vary over time.
Due to rounding, percentages may not equal 100%.


  



Expenses






Expense ratio
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1




Total expense ratio

0.71%


0.71%


0.71%


0.71%


0.71%


0.71%



What you pay†

0.69%


0.69%


0.69%


0.69%


0.69%


0.69%






† The fund's expense ratio is taken from the most recent prospectus and is subject to change. What you pay reflects Putnam Management's decision to contractually limit expenses through
01/30/18



Sales charge/Dealer allowance




 Breakpoint
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1




$0-$49,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$50,000-$99,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$100,000-$249,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$250,000-$499,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$500,000-$999,999
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$1M-$4M
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$4M-$50M
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$50M+
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --







CDSC




 

Class A


Class B


Class C


Class M


Class R


Class T1





0 to 9 mts.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



9 to 12 mts.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



2 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



3 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



4 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



5 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



6 yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



7+ yrs.
 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --







Trail commissions




 
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class T1




  
0.00%


0.00%


0.00%


0.00%


0.00%


0.00%



  NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA


  NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA







A multi-faceted view of the portfolio

Below you can find continuously updated views of the portfolio's daily and weekly liquid asset levels, its net asset value
(NAV), and asset flows into and out of the portfolio. Together, these graphs provide insights on the portfolio's resilience
during periods of heightened risk in the money market, and are the focus of government policies designed to maintain market stability.




Daily and weekly liquid assets as of 

This graph displays the percentage of the fund's total assets invested in daily and weekly liquid assets as of the end of each business day during the preceding six months. The fund is required to invest at least 10% of its total assets in daily liquid assets and at least 30% of its total assets in weekly liquid assets. Daily liquid assets include cash, direct obligations of the U.S. government, securities that will mature or are subject to a demand feature that is exercisable and payable within one business day, and receivables scheduled to be paid within one business day. Weekly liquid assets include daily liquid assets, government agency discount notes with remaining maturities of 60 days or less, securities that will mature or are subject to a
demand feature that is exercisable and payable within five business days, and receivables scheduled to be paid within five business days.






Fluctuating net asset value as of 

This graph displays the fund's daily net asset value (NAV) per share during the preceding six months as if it were calculated using the market value of the fund's portfolio as of the end of each business day during that period.


The market-value or "shadow" net asset value per share shown below for a given day may differ from the official NAV used for transactions in fund shares. The official NAV is shown on the "Highlights" tab. The shadow net asset value per share shown below does not reflect the application of the amortized cost method of valuing fund portfolio holdings, which normally allows the fund to maintain an official NAV of $1.00 per share. When a shareholder buys or redeems fund shares, the official NAV would be used as the net asset value per share.






Daily net asset flows as of 
This graph displays the dollar amount of net shareholder inflows or outflows of the fund as of the end of each business day during the preceding six months.




Consider these risks before investing: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.




 Consider these risks before investing: You can lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time. The values of money market investments usually rise and fall in response to changes in interest rates. Certain securities in which the fund may invest, including securities issued by certain U.S. government agencies and U.S. government sponsored enterprises, are not guaranteed by the U.S. government or supported by the full faith and credit of the United States. Mortgage-backed securities are subject to prepayment risk and the risk that they may increase in value less when interest rates decline and decline in value more when interest rates rise. 




























  PTMXX Quote - Putnam Money Market Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Putnam Money Market Fund   PTMXX:US   NASDAQ GM        1.00USD         As of 12:00 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Days to Maturity   26    Total Assets (m -) (on 07/07/2017)   828.046    Inception Date   12/08/1994    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.01                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.00    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.01    Days to Maturity   26    Total Assets (m -) (on 07/07/2017)   828.046    Inception Date   12/08/1994    Fund Managers   JOANNE M DRISCOLL / JONATHAN M TOPPER    Current Mgmt Fee   0.28%    Expense Ratio   0.44%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        QZ910196:COR   RY Float 10/13/17    10.00 k 10.01 m 1.20      AM477641:COR   WFC Float 08/10/17    10.00 k 10.00 m 1.20      AM077098:COR   WFC Float 01/09/18    9.00 k 9.01 m 1.08      AM894379:COR   TD Float 03/20/18    9.00 k 9.01 m 1.08      AN118320:COR   BMO Float 10/03/17    9.00 k 9.00 m 1.08      AM399255:COR   CM Float 02/02/18    8.50 k 8.52 m 1.02      AL293750:COR   SEB Float 11/15/17    8.50 k 8.51 m 1.02      AL608085:COR   BNS Float 09/07/17    8.50 k 8.51 m 1.02      AN448845:COR   SUMIBK Float 11/06/17    8.50 k 8.50 m 1.02      AN616763:COR   SHBASS Float 12/15/17    8.50 k 8.50 m 1.02           Profile   Putnam Money Market Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks as high a rate of current income exempt from federal income tax as is consistent with preservation of capital and maintenance of liquidity. The Fund invests mainly in instruments that are high-quality and have short-term maturity.    Address  Putnam InvestmentsOne Post Office SquareBoston, MA 02109   Phone  1-800-225-1581   Website   www.putnam.com              
  VPMMIBV Quote - Putnam VT Money Market Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Putnam VT Money Market   VPMMIBV:US          1.00USD         As of 12:00 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Days to Maturity   -    Total Assets (m -) (on 05/31/2017)   105.504    Inception Date   02/09/1999                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.00    Days to Maturity   -    Total Assets (m -) (on 05/31/2017)   105.504    Inception Date   02/09/1999    Fund Managers   -    Current Mgmt Fee   0.45%    Expense Ratio   0.13%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        QJ077355:COR   FNMA Float 10/05/17    1.80 k 1.80 m 1.71      LW341178:COR   FHLB Float 12/05/17    1.40 k 1.40 m 1.33      EJ317329:COR   FHLMC 1 09/29/17    1.40 k 1.40 m 1.33      QZ069364:COR   FHLB Float 11/02/17    1.25 k 1.25 m 1.19      912828N9:GOV   TF Float 01/31/18    1.15 k 1.15 m 1.09      912828Q8:GOV   TF Float 04/30/18    1.15 k 1.15 m 1.09      UV764375:COR   FNMA Float 09/08/17    1.15 k 1.15 m 1.09      912828S8:GOV   TF Float 07/31/18    1.00 k 1.00 m 0.95      912828T7:GOV   TF Float 10/31/18    1.00 k 1.00 m 0.95      912828V6:GOV   TF Float 01/31/19    1.00 k 1.00 m 0.95           Profile   Putnam VT Money Market is a Variable Annuity product in the USA. The Fund seeks as high a rate of current income exempt from federal income tax as is consistent with preservation of capital and maintenance of liquidity. The Fund invests mainly in instruments that are high-quality and have short-term maturity.    Address  Putnam Variable TrustOne Post Office SquareBoston, MA 02109   Phone  1-800-225-1581   Website   www.putnam.com              

PUTNAM MONEY MARKET FUND - BOSTON, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



BOSTON



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            PUTNAM MONEY MARKET FUND
                                    



 





















P 


PUTNAM MONEY MARKET FUND
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 POST OFFICE SQ STE 500 BOSTON, MA 02109
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $160,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Putnam Money Market Fund has estimated annual revenues of $160,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Fri Jul 28 00:07:13 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 














Morningstar 4- & 5-Star Rated Funds | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Open a Premier High Yield Savings Account | CIT Bank
















































CIT Bank Logo
CIT Bank




Member FDIC

Member FDIC Logo
CIT Bank is a member of FDIC








Sign in to Online Banking
Please enter your Online Banking ID



Remember Me


Enroll in Online Banking


Sign in to Another Account
Home Loan Sign in





Set Your Sights HighOpen a Premier High Yield Savings Account!
1.30APY1on balances up to $100,000


+


100cash bonus 2



That's more than 20x the national average!3
Get StartedPromotion code: PREMIER must be entered at account opening





$100 Minimum Opening Deposit
No Fees to Open or Maintain
Daily Compounding Interest
24/7 Secure Online Banking
US-based Customer Service
FDIC Insured





Account Balance Tiers
TOTAL Balance APY*


$0 - $100,000
1.30%


$100,000.01 and more
1.25%



*Interest will be paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance.
Important: See our FAQs below for tips on how to ensure your account Earns our top Premier High Yield Savings APY.


Bonus Details

Account must be opened with Promotional Code "PREMIER" by September 8, 2017
Account must be funded within 30 days of account opening
Funds used to qualify for bonus must be new funds, not already or recently on deposit with CIT Bank or OneWest Bank
Must maintain a minimum $15,000 monthly balance for the first 3 full monthly statement cycles.
Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer. If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus.
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.

See below for full details.





Your Money Grows Faster with CIT Bank4




How do I open my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
It's easy and fast. Get started by going to our Open a CIT Bank Account page. Then follow the easy steps to complete your application. Have the following information handy:

Social Security number
Driver's license or other valid state identification
A check or your bank routing and account numbers from the account you'll be using to fund your new CIT Bank Premier High Yield Savings Account
Names and personal details (Social Security number, valid ID) of any joint account holders and/or designated beneficiaries


Premier High Yield Savings Account FAQs
I noticed that the APY will be lower if my balance exceeds $100,000.  How can I ensure I get and maintain the top APY offered on my Premier High Yield Savings Account?
The Premier High Yield Savings account features exceptional interest rates, and our top APY is reserved for savers with balances no greater than $100,000.  Once the balance rises above $100,000, the APY will decline.   To get and maintain the top APY offered (currently 1.30%), keep your balance (and this includes deposits AND interest) below $100,000.  If your balance exceeds $100,000 your APY will decline to 1.25%, based on current rates.  The Premier High Yield Savings Account is a variable rate account and the interest rates may change without notice.
What can I do to set an alert on my account to notify me of my balance level?
After you open an account, you'll receive an email with simple instructions on how to create an alert  that will notify you when your balance reaches a set level.  It's fast and easy to set up.




1 APY  -  Annual Percentage Yields (APYs) are accurate as of July 7, 2017: 1.30% APY on balances of $100,000 or less; 1.25% APY on balances greater than $100,000. Interest is paid on the entire account balance based on the interest rate and APY in effect that day for the balance tier associated with the end-of-day account balance. For example: A balance of $95,000 will earn 1.30% APY, and a balance of $105,000 will earn 1.25% APY. Minimum opening deposit is $100. Interest rates for the Premier High Yield Savings account are variable and may change at any time without prior notice.
2 Limited-time bonus offer.  The bonus offer of $100 is valid on Premier High Yield Savings accounts opened using promotional code PREMIER between July 7, 2017 and September 8, 2017, provided that all of the following requirements are met, and subject to the additional limitations shown below:

The account must be funded within 30 calendar days from the account opening date.
A Monthly Balance of at least $15,000 must be maintained for the first three full statement cycles.  A full statement cycle is defined as beginning the first day of a month and ending the last day of that same month.  For example, if an account were opened on July 10, 2017, the first full statement cycle would be for the period of August 1 through August 31, 2017; the July statement cycle would be excluded because it covers only part of the month. For bonus purposes, the Monthly Balance for each full statement cycle is calculated as follows: at the end of each day, the Premier High Yield Savings account balance is recorded.  When the statement cycle ends, these end-of-day balances are added together and then divided by the number of days in the statement cycle to determine the Monthly Balance.  
All funds used to qualify for bonus eligibility must be new funds.  Funds on deposit with CIT Bank, N.A. or its OneWest Bank division at any time during the 90 days preceding account opening are ineligible and will not be included in the calculation of the Monthly Balance.
The account must remain open and in good standing at the time of the bonus payment or the bonus will be forfeited.  

Additional bonus limitations:Limit one Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer per customer.  If multiple accounts are opened by a customer, only one account will be eligible for the bonus. 
Customers who received a CIT Bank bonus payment or enrolled in another CIT Bank bonus offer between January 1, 2017 and July 14, 2017 (regardless of whether the bonus has yet been paid) are not eligible for this Premier High Yield Savings account bonus offer.
A $100 bonus will be deposited to the Premier High Yield Savings account of the qualified customer within 45 days of the end of the third full statement cycle following account opening.  For example, a customer who qualified for the bonus on a Premier High Yield Savings account opened on July 10, 2017, would receive a statement credit of $100 no later than December 15, 2017.
The bonus payment is reported as interest earned on IRS Form 1099-INT for the calendar year in which it was paid.  Recipient is responsible for any applicable taxes.
3 National average annual percentage yield (APY) on savings accounts as published in the FDIC Weekly National Rates and Rate Caps, accurate as of as of July 7, 2017.
4 Comparison Bank APYs - Annual Percentage Yield for each bank's Savings Account is accurate as of July 7, 2017. Info taken directly from bank websites. CIT Bank, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Chase
5 For more information, visit https://bankoncit.com/awards/







External link disclaimer

      CIT Bank has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. CIT Bank makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification, or monitoring by CIT Bank of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall CIT Bank be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
    

Go back
Continue


×



Email disclaimer

      Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, CIT Bank suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact CIT Bank directly at 855-462-2652. Thank you.
    

Go back
Send Email


×






 855-462-2652



STEP 1 - After you click "Continue", the next page will open and prompt you to enter your User ID. Your User ID is the same as your previous Online Banking ID, but entered in all lowercase letters.


          Previous Online Banking ID: 
New User ID: 

STEP 2 - Follow the instructions on the screen to get your one-time security code. (If your mobile or home telephone number is not listed as an option, you will need to contact us at 855-462-2652 to add it to your online banking profile in order for you to continue.)STEP 3 - In order to sign in the first time, you will be required to enter your temporary password, which is Monday@ followed by the last 3 digits of your Social Security number.


For example:
          - If your Social Security number is 123-45-6789
          - Then your temporary password will be Monday@789

STEP 4 - Finally, you must reset your password to finish. Follow the instructions after signing in.

Download instructions
                 
          


×



RampUp™ Plus CD Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



CD Laddering Video














PausePlayMuteUnmute


×



Disclosures
5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan with a loan-to-value ratio of 75% and an applicant FICO score of 720 or above, for a purchase transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California. At the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , the monthly payment would be  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  until the next annual change date. The rate and payment may change annually based on changes to the index value.Important DisclosuresThe above example for payments beginning at month 61 was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.For the following examples, the interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Fully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARM Interest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the purchase of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.5/1 Adjustable-Rate MortgageThe 5/1 Adjustable-Rate Mortgage is a 30-year mortgage, with fully amortizing principal and interest payments and an initial 5-year fixed rate period. After the 5-year fixed period, the interest rate and payments will fluctuate for the remainder of the loan term. During this time, payments, interest rate and annual percentage rate may increase or decrease. Payments are fully amortized.EXAMPLE: a $2,000,000 loan for a refinance transaction of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California with a minimum FICO score of 720, at the advertised rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the total closing costs of , would have a monthly payment of  for the first 60 months. Beginning at month 61, the rate would change. Assuming a new interest rate of %, the new payment would be  and is subject to change annually based on changes to the index value.DisclosuresThe above example was calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Advertised initial rate for months 1-60 includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for property taxes and insurance premiums and as a result your actual obligation will be greater. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.With interest-only loans, your required payment will increase over time. Your loan balance will not decrease unless you pay more than the required interest-only payment during the initial stages of repayment.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.The interest rates and annual percentage rates were calculated using a sample loan of $2,000,000 and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 720 or above.Advertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown and are subject to review of credit and collateral. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Fully Amortizing and Interest-Only Adjustable-Rate MortgagesCIT Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgages with 30 year loan terms and initial fixed-rate periods of 5, 7 or 10 years. Any of these loan types can be fully amortizing with monthly payments of principal and interest which will fully repay the loan by its maturity date, or they can have monthly payments of interest-only which will not repay any principal during the interest-only period of 120 months (10 years), after which the loan has fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the remaining 20 years of the term. For all of these products, after the initial fixed-rate period the interest rate and monthly payments are subject to change annually based on changes to the Index.The examples shown below were calculated using the 1 Year LIBOR index (the average of the Interbank offered rates for one-year, U.S. dollar-denominated deposits in the London market as published in the Wall Street Journal) rate of %, a margin of %, and assumes that the 1 Year LIBOR index remains unchanged for the life of the loan. Rates, points and LIBOR index are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Type of MortgageFixed PeriodAdjustable Period1 APRPointsClosing CostsInitial RateInitial (Principal and Interest) PaymentFully Indexed Rate rounded to the nearest 1/8%Monthly (Principal and Interest) Payment5/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 3605/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 60 months for 60 months% for months 61 - 360 for months 61 - 360 for months 121 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 360 for months 85 - 3607/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 84 months for 84 months% for months 85 - 120 for months 85 - 120 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMFully Amortizing%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 36010/1 LIBOR ARMInterest-Only%%% for 120 months for 120 months% for months 121 - 360 for months 121 - 3601The disclosed rate and payment apply at the end of the fixed-rate period and are subject to change annually thereafter.For the following examples, the interest rate and annual percentage rate were calculated using a sample loan of $417,000 based on the loan term indicated and a loan-to-value ratio of 75%. This assumes the refinance of an owner-occupied, one-unit, single family residence in California and that the applicant has a FICO score of 740 or above.The monthly payments shown here do not include amounts for taxes and insurance premiums. If you choose not to include the payment of taxes and insurance in your monthly loan payment amount, it is important to know that you will be responsible for the timely payment of the taxes and insurance and that these costs may be substantial.Rates include the CIT Bank Relationship Discount is 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.The rates displayed require the establishment of an escrow account upon closing. Rates and terms subject to change without notice. Not all applicants will qualify for financing or the rate shown. However, a 60-day rate lock is guaranteed for those who qualify.Conforming Fixed-Rate Mortgages30-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.25-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 25-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.20-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 20-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.15-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.10-Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 10-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % (APR %) with % points, which are included in the closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), the monthly payment would be . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.Jumbo Fixed-Rate MortgagesAdvertised rates includes the CIT Bank Relationship Discount of 0.25% off the rate for Fixed-Rate Mortgages and 0.25% off the initial fixed-rate on Adjustable-Rate Mortgages. This offer is contingent upon you opening or having an existing CIT Bank Savings account and you must enroll in automatic payments (ACH) from your CIT Bank account for your new home loan at the time of closing for your new loan. This offer is valid only on new mortgages funded by CIT Bank, N.A.15 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 15-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.30 Year Fixed-Rate MortgageThe 30-Year Fixed Mortgage provides for fixed, fully amortizing principal and interest payments for the life of the loan. Based on a sample rate of % with % points and closing costs of  (not including additional third-party settlement charges), a loan of $2,000,000 would have an APR of % and a monthly payment of . Rates and points are as of  and are subject to change without notice.

×





Selected products ()

Compare selections
View all products
Open an account







Remove all
|
Hide comparison






Product
APY**
Minimum balances
Available as IRA
Available as Custodial




Close chart








APY**






Minimum balances






Available as IRA






Available as Custodial










                Securely sending your request.









































 


            Maximum reached
            ×


            No more than 10 items can be selected at a time.
        



            Confirm account type for each product.
            ×










Cancel
Submit






Capital One 360 Money Market® Page








































Please Use Javascript
JavaScript must be enabled on your browser for your web experience to work as designed or to log in to your account. Please use your browser's Help function to learn how to enable JavaScript.Learn more about JavaScript enabled browsers our sites support.

















    360 Money Market®
  










Here, savings don't just grow. They break through.







        With 360 Money Market®, an online & mobile account from Capital One®, you'll earn up to % Annual Percentage Yield. That's one of the nation's best savings rates.
      






      
        Open Now
      
    







Strong savings. Enduring growth.





One of the nation's top rates
Earn % APY on balances of  or more. (Balances of less than  will still earn a great everyday rate of % APY.)





No fees, all growth
With no fees, your money stays on the rise.





Safe and secure
FDIC insurance* and fraud coverage will keep your savings secure.







Give your money the upward push it deserves with 360 Money Market®.






      
        Open Now
      
    









Questions? Give us a buzz at 1-800-289-1992 to talk to a real person (8 a.m. - 8 p.m., 7 days a week).
Advertised rates are variable and effective . The % Annual Percentage Yield (APY) applies to the entire account balance for accounts with balances of  or more; a % APY applies to the entire account balance for accounts with balances less than .
360 Money Market accounts do not have debit cards or check writing capabilities. Money market and savings accounts are subject to statement cycle transaction limits.
We use the daily collected balance method to calculate interest on the account. This method applies a daily periodic rate to the principal in the account each day.
There is no monthly cycle service charge for this account, and no minimum balance requirement to open or maintain the account.
National average for money market and savings accounts at top 50 banks by deposits based on balances of $1 as of 03/23/2017, Informa Research Services, Calabasas, CA, www.informars.com. Although the information has been obtained from various institutions, the accuracy cannot be guaranteed.
Web access is needed to use Mobile Banking. Check with your service provider for details on specific fees and charges.
*Please see www.fdic.gov for additional information.
Products and services offered by Capital One, N.A., Member FDIC.
© 2017 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service trademark. All rights reserved.








Products
Expand Products Menu


Personal Credit Cards


Business Credit Cards


Personal Banking


Small Business Banking


Commercial Banking


Home Loans


Home Equity Lines


Auto Loans


Investing


Canada


UK



About Us
Expand About Us Menu


About Capital One


Diversity & Inclusion


Financial Education


Investing for Good


Investors


Press



Careers
Expand Careers Menu


Search Jobs



Legal
Expand Legal Menu


Servicemembers Civil Relief Act


Patriot Act Cert


Subpoena Policy


ING Trademark Disclaimer


Additional Disclosures




Contact Us


Privacy


Security


Terms & Conditions


Accessibility





Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Linked In
Instagram





Capital One
©2016 Capital One


Member FDIC
Equal Housing Lender

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Transfer Money Online | Western Union



















































































 








The exchange rate has been updated



Please see details below.





					Original quote
				


You send:






Fee:






Total:







Receiver gets:
Estimated receiver gets:

 




Exchange rate:
Estimated exchange rate:

1 US Dollar (USD) =   ()






				Updated quote
				


You send:






Fee:






Total:







Receiver gets:
Estimated receiver gets:

 




Exchange rate:
Estimated exchange rate:

1 US Dollar (USD) =   ()






Continue Cancel and start over


























Transfer money online worldwide with WesternUnion.com
Family and friends are important anytime of the year. Wherever you need to send money, from the convenience of your couch or on the go, you can count on Western Union. Price your transaction here.

Sending money online with Western Union has its advantages.
It's fast. Your family and friends can pick up the money in minutes** at nearly 500,000 Western Union® agent locations worldwide. Fees start at $4.99 to send up to $20 online.
It's convenient. Whether you're online or on the go, we make it easy and convenient for you to send money. Use our four-star rated mobile app on your Android®, iPhone®, or iPad® to send money today. Fees start at $1 to send up to $10 for pickup in minutes.**
It's easy. Send money online in a few simple steps. You choose how you want to pay—whether it's through your bank account, debit card, or credit card.1 You can also send money directly to your receiver's bank account in select countries. 



Get Started Now














Getting started is easy
Create a profile online or using your mobile phone.
Choose your sending method.
Enter your receiver and payment information.
 
You'll get a confirmation by email with the tracking number (MTCN).



Send money now










* Western Union also makes money from currency exchange. When choosing a money transmitter, carefully compare both transfer fees and exchange rates. Fees and foreign exchange rates may vary by brand, channel, and location based on a number of factors. Fees and rates subject to change without notice.
** Date available will be displayed on receipts for international transfers higher than $15.  Service and funds availability depends on certain factors including the Service selected, the selection of delayed delivery options, special terms applicable to each Service, amount sent, destination country, currency availability, regulatory issues, consumer protection issues, identification requirements, delivery restrictions, agent location hours, and differences in time zones (collectively, “Restrictions”).

1 Card issuer cash advance fee and associated interest charges may apply. Use a debit card to avoid these fees and charges.
Western Union Financial Services, Inc., #906983, is LICENSED BY THE GEORGIA DEPARTMENT OF BANKING AND FINANCE.














Questions?



















putnam money market fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Money Market Funds - From T. Rowe Price | www3.troweprice.com



Ad
 ·
www3.troweprice.com



Complement Your Portfolio With Low-Risk Money Market Funds. Learn More Today.





Open an IRA



Rollover Your 401(k)



Morningstar Picks




IRA: Roth vs. Traditional



Personal Investing



New Investors





CIT Bank® Savings Account - Earn More with 1.30% APY



Ad
 ·
bankoncit.com/​savings



21x the National Avg. Balances $100k or Less. See Site for Details. Member FDIC.




BBVA Compass Money Market - Easy Online Application



Ad
 ·
www.bbvacompass.com/​Savings/​ClearChoice-MMA



Earn 1.25% APY with BBVA Compass. Online Exclusive Rate. Apply Now!




Government Money Market Fund - Government Money Market Fund



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Government Money Market Fund



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles





Searches related toputnam money market fund



pddxx


putnam government money market fund


money market ticker


putnam money market account



putnam mutual funds contact


putnam funds contact


putnam mutual funds prospectus


fmfxx prospectus




Web Results

Putnam Money Market Fund (PDDXX) - Putnam Investments

https://www.putnam.com/.../mutual-funds/funds/62-money-market-fund/A


Pursuing income while preserving capital with short-term investments since 1976. Learn more about Putnam Money Market Fund (Class A).


Putnam Money Market Fund (PDDXX)

https://www.putnam.com/.../mutual-funds/funds/62-money-market-fund/A


Pursuing income while preserving capital with short-term investments since 1976. Learn more about Putnam Money Market Fund (Class A).


PTMXX Quote - Putnam Money Market Fund - Bloomberg Markets

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/PTMXX:US


Performance charts for Putnam Money Market Fund (PTMXX - Type MMF) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and trend lines.


Putnam Money Market Fund - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/PFCXX:US


Performance charts for Putnam Money Market Fund (PFCXX - Type MMF) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and trend lines.


PMMXX Fund - Putnam Money Market Fund;T1 Overview ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/fund/PMMXX


Mutual fund overview for Putnam Money Market Fund;T1 (PMMXX), from MarketWatch.


Putnam Money Market Fund Class A - Morningstar, Inc.

portfolios.morningstar.com/fund/summary?t=PDDXX


Get portfolio summary details for Putnam Money Market Fund Class A Report (PDDXX) including asset allocation, equity and bond style details, global allocation, plus ...


Putnam Government Money Market Fund (PGDXX)

https://www.putnam.com/.../funds/779-government-money-market-fund/A


Pursuing income while preserving capital with the highest quality short-term investments.. Learn more about Putnam Government Money Market Fund (Class A).


Putnam Money Market Fund;A Overview - MarketWatch

www.marketwatch.com/investing/fund/PDDXX


Mutual fund overview for Putnam Money Market Fund;A (PDDXX), from MarketWatch.


Putnam Money Market T PMMXX fees - Financial Engines

https://financialengines.com/mutual-funds/putnam-money-market-t...


Putnam Money Market T fund fees and expenses are charges that may be incurred by investors who hold Putnam Money Market T. Running a mutual fund involves co...


Putnam Money Market B PTBXX Fact Sheet

https://financialengines.com/mutual-funds/putnam-money-market-b-ptbxx


Putnam Money Market B PTBXX Fact Sheet - The fund invests mainly in money market instruments that are high quality and have short-term maturities. It invest...










Money Market Funds - From T. Rowe Price | www3.troweprice.com



Ad
 ·
www3.troweprice.com



Complement Your Portfolio With Low-Risk Money Market Funds. Learn More Today.





Open an IRA



Rollover Your 401(k)



Morningstar Picks




IRA: Roth vs. Traditional



Personal Investing



New Investors





CIT Bank® Savings Account - Earn More with 1.30% APY



Ad
 ·
bankoncit.com/​savings



21x the National Avg. Balances $100k or Less. See Site for Details. Member FDIC.




BBVA Compass Money Market - Easy Online Application



Ad
 ·
www.bbvacompass.com/​Savings/​ClearChoice-MMA



Earn 1.25% APY with BBVA Compass. Online Exclusive Rate. Apply Now!




Government Money Market Fund - Government Money Market Fund



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Government Money Market Fund



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles




Searches related toputnam money market fund



pddxx


putnam government money market fund


money market ticker


putnam money market account



putnam mutual funds contact


putnam funds contact


putnam mutual funds prospectus


fmfxx prospectus




12345Next






Answers







Money market fund



A money market fund (also called a money market mutual fund) is an open-ended mutual fund that invests in short-term debt securities such

more






Money market



short-term financial instruments commonly called "paper". This contrasts with the capital market for longer-term funding, which is supplied by bonds...

more






Putnam Investments



September 18, 2008, Putnam directors voted to liquidate its $12.3 billion Putnam Prime Money Market Fund and return capital to its approximately 155...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network










Web - Putnam Money Market



























































 








Search Results from:





Web

Images 

Videos 

News 














 




        Did you mean: 
    



Ads
 





Are you looking for?



Ads


Putnam Money Market Articles


How To Understand The Basics Of The Stock Market


www.knowzo.com/money/stocks/how-to-understand-the-basics-of-the-stock-market/

The first step to understanding the stock market as a whole is to understand the basics of it, that way there is a foundation that people can continue to build on as they learn.



5 Best Websites For Today's Stock Market News


www.knowzo.com/money/stocks/5-best-websites-for-todays-stock-market-news/

It is difficult to find one great news source for all your stock market needs. Here is a list of just a few websites that you can switch between during the market day.



A Brief Understanding Of The Dow Stock Market Today


www.knowzo.com/money/stocks/a-brief-understanding-of-the-dow-stock-market-today/

Unless you've invested in it or you're involved in the world's financial markets chances are that you've heard it all but can't make much sense of any of it. You need a summary of Dow Stock…



Putnam Money Market News


Putnam Money Market Images


Putnam Money Market Videos
 


Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Ads



Are you looking for?







1
2
3
4
5
Next
















 








Search Results from:









About
•
Privacy Policy
•

Terms of Use

•

Contact Us

•
2017 SearchAll.com






























Enhance Product Development | Industrial Design, Engineering & Prototyping



































 








877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com
 

 
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 







You've Got The Idea...
Team up with Enhance to bring your invention to life and get it to market!


 



Have a New Invention Idea?
 




If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you. At Enhance Product Development, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention ideas. Simply put, “We turn ideas into REALITY.”
So if you are an entrepreneur who has been working on a new invention for years or if you’re an inventor who just came up with a new idea for a product, we can help!
 
 

Request FREE Inventor Information
100% Confidential. No Obligation Consultation.
How to Reach Me 

 
 


If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			



































Best Describes Me 				
 -Please Select-
Inventor aspiring for a royalty or license deal.
Entrepreneur seeking to bring new product to market.
Company wanting to add to existing product line.






























If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. 				



















All information remains confidential.  Must be 18 years or older.
 
 
 
 




Experience the Enhance Difference
 
 
 




Timely Support
There’s no maze or dialing tree, call us and reach a live person.
 
 
 



Advanced Technology
From the CAD software to the 3D printer in our office, we are cutting edge.
 
 
 



Innovative Ideas
As a smaller design firm, our culture embodies “out of the box” thinking.
 
 
 
 


%
Industrial Design

 

%
Engineering & Prototyping

 

%
Licensing

 

%
Marketing

 
 
 



Retail Partners
Our products have sold or are currently selling in
 
 
 


 

 

 

 
 
 




What Enhance Clients Are Saying
 
 
 



I am almost at a loss for words… Everything from the consultation to the sketches was terrific. Words can’t explain how impressed I was with the effort and how everything was completed in a timely manner.
Theodis H.
Honolulu, HI
 
 
 






Get Started Today!

Fill Out The Form Above

 


The 3D renderings, logo and sell sheet were awesome! I was very pleased with the feedback that was provided along the way and I’m extremely pleased on how quick my drawings came alive for me.
Joe K.
Dubuque, IA
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






























moneymarketcredits.com





















2017 Copyright.  All Rights Reserved. 
The Sponsored Listings displayed above are served automatically by a third party. Neither the service provider nor the domain owner maintain any relationship with the advertisers. In case of trademark issues please contact the domain owner directly (contact information can be found in whois).

Privacy Policy



 









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































