 





P.V. Nano Cell, Ltd. (PVNNF)





































Home
About Us


About Us
Management Team
Board of Directors
Advisors



Technology


Sicrys™
Mass Production Applications
R&D Consortiums
IP Portfolio



Products


Silver Inks
Silver Ink Shortlist
Copper Inks
Copper Ink Shortlist
Request Quotation



News


Press Releases
Newsletters
In The News
Events & Awards
Blog



Investors
Contact Us


Careers





















	Contact Us











































	Investor Relations

 


Investor Relations





Latest News






                PV Nano Cell and Merck Enter Cooperation for Development of Applications Utilizing Conductive Ink            

Jun 20, 2017

 
 







Latest Financial Results





FY 2015
Fiscal Year Ended Dec 31, 2015




 PDF
 HTML

20-F Filing



 ZIP
 XLS
 HTML

XBRL
 

 












Latest 20-F
For Fiscal Year 2015
Download 20-F




Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Sign up today
 




Stock Information

OTCQB: PVNNF









Price




  
Change




OTCQB: PVNNF
Volume







Market Cap





Day Low/High
 
 



52 week Low/High
 
 







Company Overview


PV Nano Cell has developed innovative conductive inks for use in solar photovoltaics (PV) and printed electronics (PE) applications. PV Nano Cell's Sicrys™ ink family is a single-crystal, nanometric silver conductive ink delivering enhanced performance. Sicrys™ is also available in copper-based form, delivering all of the product's properties and advantages with improved cost efficiency. Sicrys™ silver conductive inks are used all over the world in a range of inkjet printing applications, including photovoltaics, printed circuit boards, antennas, sensors, touchscreens and other applications. 







Contact Information




Investor Relations

                                        Garth Russell                                                                                                                        T: 212-896-1250 grussell@kcsa.com 

                                        Allison Soss                                                                                                                        T: 212-896-1267 asoss@kcsa.com 


Transfer Agent

                    VStock Transfer LLC                                                            18 Lafayette Place                                        Woodmere, NY 11598                                        T: 212-828-8436 info@vstocktransfer.com www.vstocktransfer.com 



 
















Term Of Use - Privacy Policy - General Terms of Sale




























✕







 





Profile :: P.V. Nano Cell, Ltd. (PVNNF)





































Home
About Us


About Us
Management Team
Board of Directors
Advisors



Technology


Sicrys™
Mass Production Applications
R&D Consortiums
IP Portfolio



Products


Silver Inks
Silver Ink Shortlist
Copper Inks
Copper Ink Shortlist
Request Quotation



News


Press Releases
Newsletters
In The News
Events & Awards
Blog



Investors
Contact Us


Careers





















	Contact Us











































	Investor Relations

 


Profile
Business Description
PV Nano Cell has developed innovative conductive inks for use in solar photovoltaics (PV) and printed electronics (PE) applications. PV Nano Cell's Sicrys™ ink family is a single-crystal, nanometric silver conductive ink delivering enhanced performance. Sicrys™ is also available in copper-based form, delivering all of the product's properties and advantages with improved cost efficiency. Sicrys™ silver conductive inks are used all over the world in a range of inkjet printing applications, including photovoltaics, printed circuit boards, antennas, sensors, touchscreens and other applications.
Company Info
Address:
        8 Hamasger st.
        P.O. Box 236                Migdal Ha’Emek        2310102        Israel    
Telephone:+972-4-6546881
Fax:+972-4-6546880
Email:info@pvnanocell.com
Industry Classifications
Sector:Basic Materials
Industry:Chemicals
SIC:Miscellaneous Chemical Products (2890)

















Term Of Use - Privacy Policy - General Terms of Sale




























✕








  PVNNF:OTC US Stock Quote - PV Nano Cell Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  PV Nano Cell Ltd   PVNNF:US   OTC US        2.00USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 5:10 PM EDT 7/3/2017     Volume   500    Previous Close   2.00    52Wk Range   2.00 - 2.20                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   500    Previous Close   2.00    52Wk Range   2.00 - 2.20    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   29.462    Shares Outstanding  (m)   14.731    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     6/20/2017   PV Nano Cell and Merck Enter Cooperation for Development of Applications Utilizing Conductive Ink     5/18/2017   PV Nano Cell Announces Japanese Patent Granted Related to Sicrys™ Silver Inks     5/2/2017   Optomec Announces Improved Performance of Copper Inks for Aerosol Jet Printed Electronics     3/22/2017   PV Nano Cell Announces Cooperation with Meyer Burger for Advancements in Printed Electronics     3/16/2017   PV Nano Cell's Common Stock Initiates Trading on the OTCQB Market     2/13/2017   PV Nano Cell Signs LOI for the $10M Acquisition of Digital Printer Manufacturer, DigiFlex     1/31/2017   PV Nano Cell Announces U.S. Patent Granted Related to Sicrys™ Silver Inks    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   P.V. Nano Cell Ltd. offers customized, single crystal nano-metric conductive inks. The Company designs its products for printed electronics applications that demand high-performance conductive inks including printed circuit boards, RFID, sensors, and touchscreens.    Address  8 Hamasger St.P.O. Box 236Midgal Ha'Emek, 2310102Israel   Phone  972-4-6546881   Website   www.pvnanocell.com     Executives Board Members    Fernando De La Vega  Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder    Menachem Biran  VP:Sales & Marketing     Show More         

PvNanoCell - Home

































        					Home
        				



        					About Us
        				





			About Us
		





			Management Team
		





			Board of Directors
		





			Advisors
		







        					Technology
        				





			Sicrys™
		





			Mass Production Applications
		





			R&D Consortiums
		





			IP Portfolio
		







        					Products
        				





			Silver Inks
		





			Silver Ink Shortlist
		





			Copper Inks
		





			Copper Ink Shortlist
		





			Request Quotation
		







        					NEWS
        				





			Press Releases
		





			Newsletters
		





			In The News
		





			Events & Awards
		





			Blog
		







        					Investors
        				



        					Contact Us
        				





			Careers
		





















	Contact Us





























​About PV Nano CellStanding at the forefront of the industry, PV Nano Cell is the developer of the state-of-the-art Sicrys™ portfolio of conductive inks designed to meet and exceed the demands of printed electronics inkjet applications for customers worldwide.Designed to enable additive digital printing processes in the mass production of manufacturing electronic devices, the Sicrys™ portfolio of inks includes single crystal nanometric silver and copper based conductive inks built to deliver enhanced performance. Sicrys™ conductive inks can be used for a variety of industrial digital printing applications including printed circuit boards, antennas, sensors, smart cards, touchscreens, advanced packaging, photovoltaics and more.
 






 














 
​Technology Sicrys™ inks are formulated with single crystal nano particles in both silver and copper metals, which enable additive manufacturing through digital printing in mass production applications. When digital printing processes are implemented with Sicrys™ inks, the production process becomes efficient, while also providing new design capabilities.Sicrys™ inks have many advantagesLow costHigh stability and shelf lifeRobust printingHigh throughputsAvailable in both silver and copper formulasEnhanced electrical and adhesion properties
 








Business Approach At PV Nano Cell, we strive to provide customers with complete solutions to replace analog production processes such as screen printing, and in some cases photolithography. We work in conjunction with printer manufacturers to bring printers together with the ink and process best suited for the customer’s needs.
 






 

















Term Of Use - Privacy Policy - General Terms of Sale
 

 



















✕





Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






PV Nano Cell Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















pv nano cell ltd
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Commercial Services
Sub-Industry: Printing Services
P.V. Nano Cell Ltd. offers customized, single crystal nano-metric conductive inks. The Company designs its products for printed electronics applications that demand high-performance conductive inks including printed circuit boards, RFID, sensors, and touchscreens.




Corporate Information
Address:

8 Hamasger St.
P.O. Box 236
Midgal Ha'Emek, 2310102
Israel


Phone:
972-4-6546881


Fax:
972-4-6546880


Web url:
www.pvnanocell.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder
Company


Fernando De La Vega
PV Nano Cell Ltd








Board Members
Company


Harold Wiener
Terra Venture Partners


Astorre Modena
Terra Venture Partners




























From The Web












Press Releases




PV Nano Cell and Merck Enter Cooperation for Development of Applications Utilizing Conductive Ink

Jun 20, 2017



PV Nano Cell Announces Japanese Patent Granted Related to Sicrys™ Silver Inks

May 18, 2017



Optomec Announces Improved Performance of Copper Inks for Aerosol Jet Printed Electronics

May 02, 2017



PV Nano Cell Announces Cooperation with Meyer Burger for Advancements in Printed Electronics

Mar 22, 2017



PV Nano Cell's Common Stock Initiates Trading on the OTCQB Market

Mar 16, 2017



PV Nano Cell Signs LOI for the $10M Acquisition of Digital Printer Manufacturer, DigiFlex

Feb 13, 2017



PV Nano Cell Announces U.S. Patent Granted Related to Sicrys™ Silver Inks

Jan 31, 2017






Key Executives


Fernando De La Vega


Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder




Menachem Biran


VP:Sales & Marketing







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































 


Miscellaneous Chemical Products Archives - Awesome Penny Stocks































































×
Sign up













Sign up for free penny stock alerts and watchlist


Name: 





Email: 








Please read our Disclaimer


 

Close













Share This:































































 SignUp














Category Archives: Miscellaneous Chemical Products






Miscellaneous Chemical Products


PVNNF PV Nano Cell Ltd. 

July 22, 2017 admin 



PVNNF PV Nano Cell Ltd. $PVNNF #PVNNF
Welcome to our page on PV Nano Cell Ltd..
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in PVNNF.
When we search OTCmakets it has PVNNF’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as dovweinberg52@gmail.com
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently PVNNF is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of PV Nano Cell Ltd. is OTCQB
PVNNF is incorporated in Israel in the year 2009.
The CEO of the company is Dr. Fernando De La Vega
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are Unlimited and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are VStock Transfer LLC
If you have more information on the PVNNF PV Nano Cell Ltd. or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








Miscellaneous Chemical Products


PURE PURE Bioscience 

July 22, 2017 admin 



PURE PURE Bioscience $PURE #PURE
Welcome to our page on PURE Bioscience.
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in PURE.
When we search OTCmakets it has PURE’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as info@purebio.com
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently PURE is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of PURE Bioscience is OTCQB
PURE is incorporated in DE, USA in the year 1992.
The CEO of the company is Henry Lambert
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are 100,000,000 and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are Transfer Online, Inc.
If you have more information on the PURE PURE Bioscience or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








Miscellaneous Chemical Products


NFTI Nofire Technologies, Inc. 

July 22, 2017 admin 



NFTI Nofire Technologies, Inc. $NFTI #NFTI
Welcome to our page on Nofire Technologies, Inc..
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in NFTI.
When we search OTCmakets it has NFTI’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as Not Available
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently NFTI is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of Nofire Technologies, Inc. is Pink No Information
NFTI is incorporated in DE, USA in the year Not Available.
The CEO of the company is Sam  Gottfried
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are Not Available and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
If you have more information on the NFTI Nofire Technologies, Inc. or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








Miscellaneous Chemical Products


IOFNF Iofina Plc 

July 22, 2017 admin 



IOFNF Iofina Plc $IOFNF #IOFNF
Welcome to our page on Iofina Plc.
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in IOFNF.
When we search OTCmakets it has IOFNF’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as ir@iofina.com
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently IOFNF is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of Iofina Plc is Pink Current
IOFNF is incorporated in United Kingdom in the year 2005.
The CEO of the company is Lance A. Baller
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are Not Available and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are Not Available
If you have more information on the IOFNF Iofina Plc or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








Miscellaneous Chemical Products


IBTGF International Barrier Technology Inc. 

July 22, 2017 admin 



IBTGF International Barrier Technology Inc. $IBTGF #IBTGF
Welcome to our page on International Barrier Technology Inc..
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in IBTGF.
When we search OTCmakets it has IBTGF’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as info@intlbarrier.com
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently IBTGF is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of International Barrier Technology Inc. is OTCQB
IBTGF is incorporated in British Columbia, Canada in the year Not Available.
The CEO of the company is Michael Huddy
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are 100,000,000 and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are Computershare Trust Company of Canada Inc.
If you have more information on the IBTGF International Barrier Technology Inc. or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








Miscellaneous Chemical Products


HXWWF Huixin Waste Water Solutions Inc. 

July 22, 2017 admin 



HXWWF Huixin Waste Water Solutions Inc. $HXWWF #HXWWF
Welcome to our page on Huixin Waste Water Solutions Inc..
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in HXWWF.
When we search OTCmakets it has HXWWF’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as Not Available
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently HXWWF is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of Huixin Waste Water Solutions Inc. is Pink No Information
HXWWF is incorporated in Cayman Islands in the year Not Available.
The CEO of the company is Mingzhuo  Tan
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are 39,062,500 and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are Corporate Stock Transfer, Inc.
If you have more information on the HXWWF Huixin Waste Water Solutions Inc. or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








Miscellaneous Chemical Products


GLYE GlyEco, Inc. 

July 22, 2017 admin 



GLYE GlyEco, Inc. $GLYE #GLYE
Welcome to our page on GlyEco, Inc..
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in GLYE.
When we search OTCmakets it has GLYE’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as info@glyeco.com
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently GLYE is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of GlyEco, Inc. is Pink Current
GLYE is incorporated in NV, USA in the year 2006.
The CEO of the company is Ian Rhodes
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are 300,000,000 and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are Olde Monmouth Stock Transfer Co., Inc.
If you have more information on the GLYE GlyEco, Inc. or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








Miscellaneous Chemical Products


ETCK EnerTeck Corp. 

July 22, 2017 admin 



ETCK EnerTeck Corp. $ETCK #ETCK
Welcome to our page on EnerTeck Corp..
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in ETCK.
When we search OTCmakets it has ETCK’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as Not Available
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently ETCK is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of EnerTeck Corp. is Pink Current
ETCK is incorporated in DE, USA in the year Not Available.
The CEO of the company is Gary B. Aman
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are Not Available and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are Jersey Stock Transfer LLC
If you have more information on the ETCK EnerTeck Corp. or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








Miscellaneous Chemical Products


ENCR Ener-Core, Inc. 

July 22, 2017 admin 



ENCR Ener-Core, Inc. $ENCR #ENCR
Welcome to our page on Ener-Core, Inc..
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in ENCR.
When we search OTCmakets it has ENCR’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as ir@ener-core.com
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently ENCR is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of Ener-Core, Inc. is OTCQB
ENCR is incorporated in DE, USA in the year 2012.
The CEO of the company is Alain J. Castro
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are 200,000,000 and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are VStock Transfer LLC
If you have more information on the ENCR Ener-Core, Inc. or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








Miscellaneous Chemical Products


PVNNF PV Nano Cell Ltd. 

July 22, 2017 admin 



PVNNF PV Nano Cell Ltd. $PVNNF #PVNNF
Welcome to our page on PV Nano Cell Ltd..
We have designed this page to give an idea of what are some good questions to ask before investing in PVNNF.
When we search OTCmakets it has PVNNF’s industry listed as Miscellaneous Chemical Products
One other important thing to look at is how easy is it to get ahold of the company.
We are finding that they have their phone number listed as . It looks like their email is listed as dovweinberg52@gmail.com
When we are looking through a company’s financials, one of the first things we look for is whether their financials are audited or not. Currently PVNNF is listed as .
Listing status is something else that is very important to look at! It looks like as of the time this page was created the listing status of PV Nano Cell Ltd. is OTCQB
PVNNF is incorporated in Israel in the year 2009.
The CEO of the company is Dr. Fernando De La Vega
According to OTCmarkets the Authorized shares for the company are Unlimited and the Outstanding shares are .
The transfer agent(s) are VStock Transfer LLC
If you have more information on the PVNNF PV Nano Cell Ltd. or want to share your thoughts, please feel free to comment.
Make sure you sign up for our free text alerts by texting phrase:
“ATEAM” to the phone number 94253
Robert MaxiFollowRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·21h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/H6Yw4uR8seTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·23h The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/vrBoLCaUkPTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/qMhfde7ef8TwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·26 Jul The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People … https://t.co/I8XU5kkOUKTwitterRobert Maxi@robertmaxi_maxi·25 Jul KDSKF Koninklijke DSM NV https://t.co/R5OMi9qIrs https://t.co/6nvCBvLt3dTwitterLoad More...


Share This:



























































Continue Reading 








 Most Recent Post 

The Federal Reserve Is Paying Banks NOT To Lend 1.8 Trillion Dollars To The American People


ZZZOF Zinc One Resources, Inc.


ZZLL ZZLL Information Technology, Inc.


ZYXI Zynex, Inc.


ZYTO Zyto Corp.


ZYRX Zyrox Mining International, Inc.


ZWRR Ziwira Inc.


 Categories 
Abrasive, Asbestos & Misc Nonmetallic Mineral Prods

Accident and health insurance

Adhesives and sealants

Advertising agencies

Advertising, misc

Agricultural Chemicals

Agricultural chemicals, misc

Agricultural Prod-Livestock & Animal Specialties

Agricultural Production-Crops

Agricultural Services

Air courier services

Air transportation, nonscheduled

Air transportation, scheduled

Air, water, and solid waste management

Aircraft

Aircraft parts and equipment, misc

Airports, flying fields and services

alternative energy stocks

American Depositary Receipts

Amusement and recreation, misc

Analytical instruments

Animal aquaculture

Animal specialties, misc

Apartment building operators

Apparel & Other Finishd Prods of Fabrics & Similar Matl

Apparel and accessories, misc

Asset managers

Asset-Backed Securities

Auto and home supply stores

Automobiles and other vehicles

Automotive dealers, misc

Automotive services, misc

Automotive stampings

Bags; plastic, laminated, and coated

Bakery Products

Bank holding companies

Beauty shops

Beef cattle except feedlots

Beef cattle feedlots

Beer and ale

Berry crops

Beverages

Biological products, except diagnostic

Biotech stocks

Bitcoin

Bituminous Coal & Lignite Mining

Bituminous coal and lignite-surface

Blank Checks

Blast furnaces and steel mills

Blowers and fans

Boat building and repairing

Bolts, nuts, rivets, and washers

Book publishing

Bottled and canned soft drinks

Brick, stone, and related material

Bridge, tunnel, and elevated highway

Broadwoven fabric mills, cotton

Broadwoven fabric mills, manmade

Business associations

Business consulting, misc

Business services, misc

Cable and pay television services

Calculating and accounting equipment

Canned fruits and specialities

Canned specialties

Canned, Frozen & Preservd Fruit, Veg & Food Specialties

Carbon and graphite products

Catalog and mail-order houses

Cement, hydraulic

Ceramic wall and floor tile

Cheese; natural and processed

Chemical and fertilizer mining

Chemical preparations, misc

Chemicals & Allied Products

Chemicals and allied products, misc

Chewing and smoking tobacco

Child day care services

Chinese stocks

Cigarettes

Coal and other minerals and ores

Coal mining services

Coated fabrics, not rubberized

Coating, Engraving & Allied Services

Cogeneration Services & Small Power Producers

Coin-operated amusement devices

Colleges and universities

Combination Utilities, misc

Commercial banks, misc

Commercial equipment, misc

Commercial laundry equipment

Commercial physical research

Commercial Printing

Commercial printing, misc

Commodity contracts brokers and dealers

Communication services, misc

Communications equipment, misc

Computer & Office Equipment

Computer and software stores

Computer Communications Equipment

Computer facilities management

Computer integrated systems design

Computer peripheral equipment, misc

Computer related services, misc

Computer storage device

Computer terminals

Computers, peripherals, and software

Concrete block and brick

Concrete products, misc

Concrete, Gypsum & Plaster Products

Construction – Special Trade Contractors

Construction and mining machinery

Construction machinery

Construction materials, misc

Construction sand and gravel

Construction, Mining & Materials Handling Machinery & Equip

Converted Paper & Paperboard Prods (No Contaners/Boxes)

Cookies and crackers

Copper ores

Cordage and twine

Corn

Cotton

Credit reporting services

Crop planting and protection

Crude petroleum and natural gas

Crushed and broken limestone

Current-carrying wiring services

Custom compound purchased resins

Custom computer programming services

Cut stone and stone products

Cutlery, Handtools & General Hardware

Dairy farms

Dairy Products

Data processing and preparation

Deep sea foreign transport of freight

Dental equipment and supplies

Department stores

Detective and armored car service

Diagnostic substances

Direct mail advertising services

Direct selling establishments

Distilled and blended liquors

Dolls and stuffed toys

Drilling oil and gas wells

Drinking places

Drugs, proprietaries, and sundries

Drugstores and Proprietary Stores

Dry, condensed, evaporated products

Durable goods, misc

Dwelling operators, except apartments

Eating places

Electric and other services combined

Electric housewares and fans

Electric Lighting & Wiring Equipment

Electric services

Electrical apparatus and equipment

Electrical appl., television, and radio

Electrical equipment and supplies, misc

Electrical Industrial Apparatus

Electrical repair shops

Electrical work

Electromedical equipment

Electrometallurgical products

Electron tubes

Electronic & Other Electrical Equipment (No Computer Equip)

Electronic coils and transformers

Electronic Components & Accessories

Electronic components, misc

Electronic computers

Electronic connectors

Electronic parts and equipment, misc

Employment agencies

Engineering services

Engines & Turbines

Entertainers and entertainment groups

Environmental controls

Equipment rental and leasing, misc

Explosives

Fabricated metal products, misc

Fabricated plate work (boiler shop)

Fabricated Rubber Products, NEC

Fabricated structural metal

Fabricated Structural Metal Products

Fabricated textile products, misc

Facilities support services

Family clothing stores

Farm machinery and equipment

Farm management services

Farm-product raw materials, misc

Fats & Oils

Federal and federally sponsored credit

Federal reserve banks

Federal savings institutions

Ferro-alloy ores (except vanadium)

Fertilizers, mixing only

Finance Lessors

Finance Services

Fire protection

Fire, marine, and casualty insurance

Fish and seafoods

Fishing, Hunting and Trapping

Flat glass

Flavoring extracts and syrups, misc

Floor laying and floor work, misc

Flour and other grain mill products

food and beverage stocks

Food and Kindred Products

Food crops grown under cover

Food preparations, misc

Footwear, (No Rubber)

Foreign bank and branches and agencies

Foreign trade and international banks

Forest products

Forestry

Forestry services

Freight transportation arranging

Fresh and frozen packaged fish

Frozen bakery products, except bread

Frozen specialties, misc

Fuel dealers, misc

Functions related to deposit banking

Furniture and fixtures, misc

Furniture stores

Games, toys and children's vehicles

Gaming Stocks

Gas and other services combined

Gas production and/or distribution

Gas transmission and distribution

Gaskets, Packg & Sealg Devices & Rubber & Plastics Hose

General automotive repair shops

General Bldg Contractors – Nonresidential Bldgs

General Bldg Contractors – Residential Bldgs

General farms, primarily crop

General industrial machinery

General Industrial Machinery & Equipment

General medical and surgical hospitals

Glass & Glassware, Pressed or Blown

Gold and Silver Ores

Gold ores

Gold Stocks

Grain Mill Products

Grapes

Groceries and related products, misc

Groceries, general line

Grocery stores

Guided Missiles & Space Vehicles & Parts

Hardware

Hardware, misc

Hazardous Waste Management

Health and allied services, misc

Heating Equip, Except Elec & Warm Air; & Plumbing Fixtures

Heating equipment, except electric

Heavy construction equipment rental

Heavy Construction Other Than Bldg Const – Contractors

Heavy construction, misc

Help supply services

Highway and street construction

Holding companies, misc

Home furnishings

Home health care services

Hospital and medical service plans

Hotels and motels

Hotels, Rooming Houses, Camps & Other Lodging Places

Household Appliances

Household appliances, misc

Household audio and video equipment

Household furnishings, misc

Household Furniture

Ice cream and frozen desserts

Individual and family services

Industrial buildings and warehouses

Industrial furnaces and ovens

Industrial Inorganic Chemicals

Industrial inorganic chemicals, misc

Industrial machinery and equipment

Industrial Organic Chemicals

Industrial organic chemicals, misc

Industrial sand

Industrial supplies

Industrial trucks and tractors

Industrial valves

Information retrieval

Inorganic pigments

Inspection and fixed facilities

Instruments to measure electricity

Insurance agents, brokers, & services

Insurance carriers, misc

Internal combustion engines, misc

International affairs

Investment advice

Investment offices, misc

Investors, misc

Iron & Steel Foundries

Iron ores

Jewelers materials and lapidary work

Jewelry and precious stones

Jewelry stores

Jewelry, precious metal

Jewelry, Silverware & Plated Ware

Knit outerwear mills

Laboratory apparatus and furniture

Landscape counseling and planning

Laundry and garment services

Lawn and garden equipment

Lead and zinc ores

Leather & Leather Products

Legal Services

Lessors of Real Property, NEC

Life insurance

Lighting equipment, misc

Lithium Stocks

Loan brokers

Local & Suburban Transit & Interurban Hwy Passenger Trans

Logging

Lubricating oils and greases

Lumber & Wood Products (No Furniture)

Lumber and other building materials

Lumber, plywood, and millwork

Machine tool accessories

Machine tools, metal cutting type

Magnetic and optical recording media

Malt beverages

Management consulting services

Management investment, open-ended

Management services

Manifold business forms

Manufacturing industries, misc

Marijuana Stocks

Marine cargo handling

Measuring and controlling devices, misc

Meat packing plants

Medical and hospital equipment

Medical laboratories

Medicinal and botanicals

Membership organizations

Membership sports and recreation clubs

Men's & Boys' Furnishgs, Work Clothg, & Allied Garments

Mens and boys clothing misc

Mens footwear, except athletic

Merchandising machine operators

Metal doors, sash, and trim

Metal Forgings & Stampings

Metal Mining

Metal mining services

Metal ores, misc

Metal stamping, misc

Metals service centers and offices

Metalworkg Machinery & Equipment

Metalworking machinery, misc

Millwood, Veneer, Plywood, & Structural Wood Members

Millwork

Mineral Royalty Traders

Minerals, ground or treated

Mining & Quarrying of Nonmetallic Minerals (No Fuels)

Mining machinery

Misc Industrial & Commercial Machinery & Equipment

Miscellaneous business credit

Miscellaneous Chemical Products

Miscellaneous Electrical Machinery, Equipment & Supplies

Miscellaneous Fabricated Metal Products

Miscellaneous Fabricated Textile Products

Miscellaneous Food Preparations & Kindred Products

Miscellaneous food stores

Miscellaneous Furniture & Fixtures

Miscellaneous general merchandise

Miscellaneous home furnishings

Miscellaneous investing

Miscellaneous Manufacturing Industries

Miscellaneous marine products

Miscellaneous Metal Ores

Miscellaneous metalwork

Miscellaneous nonmetallic mining

Miscellaneous personal services

Miscellaneous Plastics Products

Miscellaneous Primary Metal Products

Miscellaneous Products of Petroleum & Coal

Miscellaneous publishing

Miscellaneous retail stores, misc

Miscellaneous Transportation Equipment

Mobile homes

Mortgage bankers and correspondents

Motion picture and tape distribution

Motion picture and video production

Motion picture distribution services

Motor homes

Motor vehicle parts and accessories

Motor vehicle supplies and new parts

Motor vehicles and car bodies

Motorcycles, bicycles, and parts

Motors and generators

Musical instruments

NA

National commercial banks

National security

Natural gas distribution

Natural gas transmission

Newspapers

Nitrogenous fertilizers

Non-Operating Establishments

Nonclassifiable establishments

Nonclay refractors

Noncommercial research organizations

Nondurable goods, misc

Nonferrous Foundries (Castings)

Nonferrous foundries, misc

Nonferrous wire drawing and insulating

Nonmetallic mineral services

Nonresidential building operators

Nonresidential construction, misc

Not Available

Office Furniture

Office furniture, except wood

Office machines, misc

Offices and clinics of medical doctors

Offices health practitioners

Oil and gas exploration services

Oil and gas field machinery

Oil and gas field services, misc

Oil Royalty traders

oil stocks

Operative builders

Ophthalmic goods

Optical instruments and lenses

Ordnance & Accessories, (No Vehicles/Guided Missiles)

Ordnance and accessories, misc

Outdoor advertising services

Paints and allied products

Paper mills

Paper; coated and laminated packaging

Paperboard Containers & Boxes

Papers & Allied Products

Partitions, Shelvg, Lockers, & of fice & Store Fixtures

Patent owners and lessors

penny stocks

Penny Stocks Blogs

Pens, Pencils & Other Artists' Materials

Pension, health, and welfare funds

Periodicals

Personal credit institutions

Petroleum bulk stations and terminals

Petroleum products, misc

Petroleum refining

Pharmaceutical preparations

Pharmaceutical stocks

Photographic equipment and supplies

Plastic Material, Synth Resin/Rubber, Cellulos (No Glass)

Plastic materials and basic shapes

Plastics materials and resins

Plastics products, misc

Polishes and sanitation goods

Potash, soda, borate minerals

Power Transmission equipment, misc

Prefabricated metal buildings

Prefabricated wood buildings

Prepackaged software

Prepared feeds, misc

Prerecorded records and tapes

Pressed and blown glass, misc

Primary aluminum

Primary batteries, dry and wet

Primary metal products

Primary nonferrous metals, misc

Primary Smelting & Refining of Nonferrous Metals

Printed circuit boards

Printing ink

Printing trades machinery

Process control instruments

Products of purchased glass

Psychiatric hospitals

Public building and related furniture

Public relations services

Public Warehousing & Storage

Pulp mills

Pumps and pumping equipment

Racing, including track operation

Radio and TV communications equipment

Radio broadcasting stations

Radio, television, and electronics stores

Radio, TV, publisher representative.

Radiotelephone Communication

Railroad equipment

Railroads, line-haul operating

Ready-mix concrete

Real Estate

Real estate agents and managers

Real Estate Dealers (For Their Own Account)

Real estate investment trusts

Real Estate Operators (No Developers) & Lessors

Record and prerecorded tape stores

Refrigeration & Service Industry Machinery

Refrigeration and heating equipment

Refuse systems

Residential construction, misc

Retail nursery and garden stores

Retail-Apparel & Accessory Stores

Retail-Auto Dealers & Gasoline Stations

Retail-Building Materials, Hardware, Garden Supply

Retail-Convenience Stores

Retail-Eating & Drinking Places

Retail-Food Stores

Retail-Home Furniture, Furnishings & Equipment Stores

Retail-Miscellaneous Retail

Retail-Miscellaneous Shopping Goods Stores

Retail-Nonstore Retailers

Retail-Retail Stores, NEC

Rice

Rolling Drawing & Extruding of Nonferrous Metals

Rubber and plastics footwear

Salted and roasted nuts and seeds

Sanitary Services

Sanitary services, misc

Sausages and other prepared meats

Savings institutions, except federal

Scrap and waste materials

Screw machine products

Search and navigation equipment

Secondary nonferrous metals

Security & Commodity Brokers, Dealers, Exchanges & Services

Security and commodity service

Security brokers and dealers

Security systems services

Semiconductors and related devices

Service establishment equipment

Service industry machinery, misc

Services allied to motion pictures

Services-Advertising

Services-Amusement & Recreation Services

Services-Auto Rental & Leasing (No Drivers)

Services-Automotive Repair, Services & Parking

Services-Computer Programming, Data Processing, Etc.

Services-Consumer Credit Reporting, Collection Agencies

Services-Educational Services

Services-Engineering, Accounting, Research, Management

Services-Health Services

Services-Hospitals

Services-Mailing, Reproduction, Commercial Art & Photography

Services-Misc Health & Allied Services, NEC

Services-Miscellaneous Amusement & Recreation

Services-Miscellaneous Business Services

Services-Miscellaneous Equipment Rental & Leasing

Services-Miscellaneous Repair Services

Services-Motion Picture Theaters

Services-Nursing & Personal Care Facilities

Services-Personal Services

Services-Services, NEC

Services-Telephone Interconnect Systems

Services-To Dwellings & Other Buildings

Services, misc

Ship & Boat Building & Repairing

Ship building and repairing

Short-term business credit

Signs and advertising specialties

Silver ores

Single-family housing construction

Soap and other detergents

Soap, Detergents, Cleaning Preparations, Perfumes, Cosmetics

Social services, misc

Space vehicle equipment, misc

Special Industry Machinery (No Metalworking Machinery)

Special industry machinery, misc

Special warehousing and storage

Specialty hospitals, except psychiatric

Specialty outpatient clinics, misc

Sporting and athletic goods, misc

Sporting and recreation goods

Sporting goods and bicycle shops

Sports clubs, managers, and promoters

State commercial banks

Stationery products

Steel foundries, misc

Steel pipe and tubes

Steel Works, Blast Furnaces & Rolling & Finishing Mills

Storage batteries

Structural clay products, misc

Subdivisers and developers, misc

Sugar & Confectionery Products

Sugarcane and sugar beets

Surety insurance

Surgical and medical instruments

Surgical appliances and supplies

Switchgear and switchboard apparatus

Telegraph and other communications

Telephone and telegraph apparatus

Telephone communication, except radio

Television broadcasting stations

Testing laboratories

Textile Mill Products

Theatrical producers and services

Timber tracts

Tires and inner tubes

Title insurance

Tobacco Products

Tobacco stores and stands

Toilet preparations

Top Ten Penny Stocks

Tour operators

Transformers, except electric

Transportation equipment and supplies

Transportation equipment, misc

Transportation Services

Transportation services, misc

Travel agencies

Travel trailers and campers

Tree nuts

Truck and bus bodies

Trucking & Courier Services (No Air)

Trucking, except local

Trusts, misc

Trusts: educational, religious, etc.

Turbines and turbine generator sets

Uncategorized

Unsupported plastics film and sheet

Uranium-radium-vanadium ores

Variety stores

Vegetables and melons

Veterinary services specialties

Video-tape rental

Watches, clocks, watch cases and parts

Water supply

Water Transportation

Water, sewer, and utility lines

Welding apparatus

Wholesale-Apparel, Piece Goods & Notions

Wholesale-Beer, Wine & Distilled Alcoholic Beverages

Wholesale-Chemicals & Allied Products

Wholesale-Durable Goods

Wholesale-Farm Product Raw Materials

Wholesale-Furniture & Home Furnishings

Wholesale-Groceries & Related Products

Wholesale-Hardware & Plumbing & Heating Equipment & Supplies

Wholesale-Lumber & Other Construction Materials

Wholesale-Machinery, Equipment & Supplies

Wholesale-Metals & Minerals (No Petroleum)

Wholesale-Misc Durable Goods

Wholesale-Miscellaneous Nondurable Goods

Wholesale-Motor Vehicles & Motor Vehicle Parts & Supplies

Wholesale-Paper & Paper Products

Wholesale-Professional & Commercial Equipment & Supplies

Wine and distilled beverages

Wines, brandy, and brandy spirits

Women's, Misses', and Juniors Outerwear

Women's, Misses', Children's & Infants' Undergarments

Womens and childrens clothing

Womens and misses blouses and shirts

Womens clothing stores

Womens footwear, except athletic

Wood household furniture

Wood kitchen cabinets

Wood partition and fixtures

Wood products, misc

Woodworking machinery

X-ray apparatus and tubes


 




















PV Nano Cell Ltd. (@PVNanoCell) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      PV Nano Cell Ltd.



@PVNanoCell












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
143
            



Following
Following
176



Followers
Followers
92



Likes
Likes
8

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @PVNanoCell

Mute @PVNanoCell



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















PV Nano Cell Ltd.



@PVNanoCell


Producer of Sicrys™ conductive inks for industrial inkjet printing applications, including sensors, printed circuit boards, smart cards, touchscreens, and PV.







 
    pvnanocell.com
  




Joined January 2014












                
                12 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @PVNanoCell
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @PVNanoCell
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            PV Nano Cell Ltd. followed
        

























PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

May 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Additive manufacturing industry analysts predict #3Dprinted electronics market size to reach $1B by 2025! http://bit.ly/2pWThcB  @DU_Press









0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

May 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Breakthrough for #3D printed organs: micro-organogels that hold soft structures in place during printing! http://bit.ly/2rzty9Z  @techradar









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

May 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The world’s smallest and lightest satellite going into orbit this June was created via #3Dprinting technology! http://bit.ly/2pZSmXA 





0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

May 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#funfactfriday Sony &PlayStation are using #3DPrinting to portray in-game characters with more accuracy @3DPrint_comhttp://bit.ly/2pX3Wpq 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

May 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Check out how an undergraduate student at @NJIT used 3D printing to make his own plastic braces! http://read.bi/2qXGirm  @businessinsider









0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

May 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Speeding up #3Dprinting & freeing it from gravitational restriction is what MIT’s working on next! http://bit.ly/2q7tDBG  @Gizmodo









0 replies




2 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

May 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Great article by @ForbesTech: "The Rise Of Factory-Built Homes: Cars, Mars, & 3D Printing” Check it out here:http://bit.ly/2oQxZeL 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

May 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What do you think our inks could create with MIT’s giant mobile #3Dprinter? Check it out via @TechCrunch:http://tcrn.ch/2oEHYbJ 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It's #followfriday! @3DPrint_Com @InkWorldMag @ElecDesignRR





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#3Dprinted shoes may just be the next big thing. Check out Adidas’ partially #3dprinted athletic shoe! http://bit.ly/2oKaf0r  @3DPrintBoard









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







In case you missed it, check out @PE_Now’s recent article on our Sicrys inks, "The Conductive Ink Market"!http://bit.ly/2oK1C5R 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#3d printed glass, with our inks printed on it - what could we make? Check it out: @vergehttp://bit.ly/2oW60hj 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Researchers from NCSU created elastic, touch-sensitive fibers that can interface with electronic devices! @PEWorldhttp://bit.ly/2ocf52w 









0 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It's #followfriday! @3DPrint_Com @InkWorldMag @ElecDesignRR





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#3Dprinted shoes may just be the next big thing. Check out Adidas’ partially #3dprinted athletic shoe! http://bit.ly/2oKaf0r  @3DPrintBoard









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Check out @PE_Now’s recent article on our Sicrys inks, "The Conductive Ink Market" featuring our very own Fernando!http://bit.ly/2oK1C5R 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Thank you @MachineDesign for publishing our interview with Fernando! In case you missed it, check it out here:http://bit.ly/2mW91i2 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Have you seen our own Fernando de la Vega in this article from @InkWorldMag? You can view the full article here:http://bit.ly/2nOpXmP 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#3dprinting can be used in so many ways-like heart models! Who knows what our #Sicrys inks can create? @3DPrint_comhttp://bit.ly/2nmGQ78 









0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PV Nano Cell Ltd.‏ @PVNanoCell

Apr 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We had an amazing time at @LOPECMunich! Thank you to all those  who came - we thoroughly enjoyed our experience. IMAGE BELOWpic.twitter.com/V7OvDNwJUS
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @PVNanoCell hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













pv cell | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				solar cell solar panel pv panels wind generator poly cell solar cells 6x6 tabbed solar cells solar cells 6x6 mono pv inverter photovoltaic cells solar cell kit















Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






1,275
results for pv cell

Follow pv cell to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow pv cell to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following pv cell in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  pv cell: 
 












Items in search results








10x Untabbed 52x19mm Grade B Polycrystalline Solar Cell Panel PV Wafer USA




					$9.72



				or Best Offer




Free shipping




					73 sold



See more like this10x Untabbed 52x19mm Grade B Polycrystalline Solar Cell Panel PV Wafer USA







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2















Renogy 200W Solar Panel PV Off Grid RV Boat 2pcs 100W 12 Volt Mono Cells Charger




					$264.99



				or Best Offer




Free shipping




					1307 sold















12 Volt 10 Watt Polycrystalline 36 Cell Solar Panel Photovoltaic PV 15 Watt Max




					$44.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					133 sold







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2















50w 50 Watts 12V Poly Solar Cell RV Solar Panel PV Charger Boat Off Grid


		FREE SHIPPING!!! Small, Portable, Easy Install PV Panel








1 product rating




					$69.99



				or Best Offer




Free shipping




					191 sold










ECO-WORTHY 10W Solar Panel 10 Watt 12 Volt Pv Solar Module,Solar Cell Panel New




					$32.29



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					3 watching



See more like thisECO-WORTHY 10W Solar Panel 10 Watt 12 Volt Pv Solar Module,Solar Cell Panel New







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2
















500W OFF GRID KIT: 5x 100W PV Solar Cell Panel W/ Accessories 12V RV Boat Cabin




					$725.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like this500W OFF GRID KIT: 5x 100W PV Solar Cell Panel W/ Accessories 12V RV Boat Cabin










22.5% SunPower 5X5 MONO Flexible Wafer Solar Cells For DIY PV Solar Panel 3.42W




$21.84 to $161.49 

									Was: Previous Price
$22.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					23+ sold

						5% off




					From China












One(1) PAIR  PV-3T solar cells solar panels diy wire cable connectors real stuff




					$9.95



				Buy It Now




					98 sold















12 volt 440A 10,000W Battery charge controller wind turbine solar panel PV Cell




					$59.97



				or Best Offer




					174 sold










50w 50 Watts 12V Poly Solar Cell Kit RV Solar Panel PV Charger Boat Off Grid


		FREE SHIPPING  Small, Portable Controller Brackets Wire



					$125.99



				or Best Offer




Free shipping






See more like this50w 50 Watts 12V Poly Solar Cell Kit RV Solar Panel PV Charger Boat Off Grid










100 PCS 6x6 in PV High Power Solar Cell Cells High Effciency Fit for Yard Lights




					$152.99

									Was: Previous Price
$169.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						10% off










10000W COMPLETE KIT 40*250W PV Solar cell Panel Grid Tie System solar panel 250w




					$18,640.00



				Buy It Now




					93 watching










25x 52x19mm Untabbed Grade B Polycrystalline Solar Cell Panel PV Wafer 25pcs X37




					$19.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2










9000W COMPLETE KIT: 40*240W PV Solar cell Panel Grid Tie System




					$15,640.00



				Buy It Now




					133 watching











				Solar Cell Busbar Tabbing Wire PV Ribbon strip With Flux Pen For DIY Solar Panel





$5.99 to $75.59




				Buy It Now




Free shipping







					From China







Sunpower Flexible Mono PV Solar Panel Solar Cells 3.42W 5x5 With Busbars Dogbone




$9.49 to $172.89 

									Was: Previous Price
$22.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					7+ watching

						5% off




					From China












40pcs 39x39 PV Solar Cell & Tab Bus Wire Pen for DIY 10W Solar Panel


		For DIY Battery Charger Garden String Education Toy ！



					$11.69

									Was: Previous Price
$12.99




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




					714 sold

						10% off




					From China







60 Watt 12 Volt 12v Solar Panel Solar Cynergy cells Q-Cells PV-SC060J12




					$75.00



				Buy It Now














5 - 12 Volt 10 Watt 15W max Polycrystalline 36 Cell Solar Panels PV Photovoltaic




					$224.97



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2















25 FT( 7.5M ) 10 AWG (5.26MM) PV solar panel wire solar cells diy free ship USA




					$24.95



				Buy It Now


















100 Pieces 156x156mm 6x6 inch PV Solar Cell Cells Solar Energy for DIY Car Toys




					$152.99

									Was: Previous Price
$169.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						10% off










ECO 600W Complete Kit:  6x 100W 12V PV Solar Panel 24V Solar Cell Sytem RV Boat




					$787.51

									Was: Previous Price
$855.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						8% off



See more like thisECO 600W Complete Kit:  6x 100W 12V PV Solar Panel 24V Solar Cell Sytem RV Boat












500W Off Grid Complete Kit: 5x 100W PV Solar Cell Panel 12V Solar System RV Boat









1 product rating




					$725.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					Only 1 left!

					12 watching










SPONSORED

				Solar Cell Busbar Tabbing Wire PV Ribbon strip With Flux Pen For DIY Solar Panel





$5.99 to $75.59




				Buy It Now




Free shipping







					From China







SPONSORED
10x Untabbed 52x19mm Grade B Polycrystalline Solar Cell Panel PV Wafer USA




					$9.72



				or Best Offer




Free shipping




					73 sold



See more like this10x Untabbed 52x19mm Grade B Polycrystalline Solar Cell Panel PV Wafer USA















10 AWG Solar Panel PV Wire Solar Cells Diy Free Shipping USA-600VDC-UL4703




$12.99 to $175.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Tabbing Wire Electrode For Solar Cell 10M 1.8x0.16mm Silver Color PV Copper Tape




					$2.33



				Buy It Now




Free shipping







					From Malaysia







10ft(3M) 10 awg (5.26MM) PV panel connecting wiresolar cells solar panels diy




					$9.95



				Buy It Now


















Mini Mono Solar Panel Small Solar Cell PV Module Charger 6V 4.5W 720mA




					$10.45

									Was: Previous Price
$11.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						5% off



See more like thisMini Mono Solar Panel Small Solar Cell PV Module Charger 6V 4.5W 720mA




					From China







2 - Solar Panels 15W 12 volt 36cell polycrystaline Off Grid RV Marine Battery PV




					$89.98



				or Best Offer




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2















25Watt 12V Poly Solar Panel for Battery Charger Solar Module 25W PV Cells Panel




					$47.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					5 watching










9000W COMPLETE KIT: 40*240W PV Solar cell Panel Grid Tie System solar panel 240w




					$19,640.00



				Buy It Now




					19 watching










Sunpower Mono Solar Cell 3.42W 125x125mm Busbar Dogbone Connector PV Solar Panel




$9.49 to $161.49 

									Was: Previous Price
$48.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					5+ watching

						5% off




					From China












2 - 12 Volt 10 Watt 15W max Polycrystalline 36 Cell Solar Panels PV Photovoltaic




					$89.97



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2















10pcs 156*156MM 4W Poly Solar Cells 6*6" Grade A for DIY PV Solar Panel




					$24.17



				Buy It Now




Free shipping







					From China







ECO-WORTHY 10W Solar Panel 10 Watt 12 Volt Pv Solar Module,Solar Cell Panel New




					$39.49



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisECO-WORTHY 10W Solar Panel 10 Watt 12 Volt Pv Solar Module,Solar Cell Panel New










1x6 2x6 3x6 6x6 PV Solar Cell Cells W/ 3 Silver Bus Bar for DIY 100W 1KW Panel









56 product ratings




$7.20 to $405.00 

									Was: Previous Price
$16.29




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					6+ sold

						10% off




					From China







4 - 12 Volt 10 Watt 15W max Polycrystalline 36 Cell Solar Panels PV Photovoltaic




					$179.97



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2















Made in USA 180 Watt Monocrystalline PV Solar Panel Charger Cells Cabin RV Boat




					$358.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













20PCS 156x39mm PV Solar Cell Photovoltaic for 20W Solar Panel Home Garden Light




					$11.44



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					15 sold




					From China







80 Piece 78x26 Poly PV Solar Cell Cells with DIY Kits T-B Wire Flux Pen for Gift




					$18.89

									Was: Previous Price
$20.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						10% off




					From China







10PCS 2x6 Mono PV Solar Cell High Power for DIY 15W Solar Panel Mini Toy




					$12.08



				Buy It Now




Free shipping







					From China







Tabbing Wire Electrode For Solar Panel Cell 10M 1.8x0.16mm PV Copper Tape




					$1.59



				Buy It Now







					From Philippines







VIKOCELL 200M Tabbing Wire PV Ribbons for DIY Solar Panel Cell Solder 200




					$50.50

									Was: Previous Price
$53.50




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						6% off



See more like thisVIKOCELL 200M Tabbing Wire PV Ribbons for DIY Solar Panel Cell Solder 200










Tabbing Wire Electrode For DIY Solar Cell 10M Silver Color PV Copper Tape




					$1.39



				Buy It Now







					From Singapore







3 - 12 Volt 10 Watt 15W max Polycrystalline 36 Cell Solar Panels PV Photovoltaic




					$134.97



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Wed, Aug. 2















160 Watts 12 Volts PV Mono Solar Cell Panel & Z Style Brackets for Roof Car RV




					$205.15

									Was: Previous Price
$222.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						8% off










Mini Poly Solar Panel Small Solar Cell PV Module for DIY Kits 9V 4.5W 5W 500mA




					$10.45

									Was: Previous Price
$11.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						5% off



See more like thisMini Poly Solar Panel Small Solar Cell PV Module for DIY Kits 9V 4.5W 5W 500mA




					From China







Name Brand Assorted1010 Pounds of Solar Panel Cell Encapsulation Material Rolls




					$2,400.00

									List price: Previous Price
$3,000.00




				or Best Offer


















10Pcs/5V 0.15W Polycrystalline Solar Panel Efficient 30mA Solar Cell PV Module




					$18.50



				Buy It Now







					From China







20A 12V/24V Dual-cell Battery Solar Charge Controller LED Display for PV System




					$29.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					6 watching




					From China







Polycrystalline Monocrystalline Silicon Portable Solar Panel Cell PV Module YL




$3.50 to $18.88




				Buy It Now







					From China







SPONSORED
Mini Mono Solar Panel Small Solar Cell PV Module Charger 6V 4.5W 720mA




					$10.45

									Was: Previous Price
$11.00




				Buy It Now




Free shipping




						5% off



See more like thisMini Mono Solar Panel Small Solar Cell PV Module Charger 6V 4.5W 720mA




					From China







SPONSORED
12 Volt 10 Watt Polycrystalline 36 Cell Solar Panel Photovoltaic PV 15 Watt Max




					$44.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					133 sold


















Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Cell Phones & Accessories
(655)




Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins
(642)




Cell Phone Signal Boosters
(4)


More




Home & Garden
(507)




Solar Panels
(484)




Other Alternative & Solar Energy Supplies
(11)


Flashlights
(8)


Alternative Power Chargers & Inverters
(4)


More





Sporting Goods
(54)


Business & Industrial
(33)


Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(16)


Consumer Electronics
(11)


Everything Else
(3)


Toys & Hobbies
(2)


Cameras & Photo
(2)


Collectibles
(1)


Health & Beauty
(1)


eBay Motors
(1)


Computers/Tablets & Networking
(1)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(1,256)





Used
(19)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(1,275)




Auction
(3)




Buy It Now
(1,272)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-27 21:18. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.

















Target : Expect More. Pay Less.




























































Target : Expect More. Pay Less.




























































Target : Expect More. Pay Less.





























































Target : Expect More. Pay Less.




























































Target : Expect More. Pay Less.





























































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Father's Day in Tools and Home Improvement












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Tools & Home Improvement



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Tools & Home Improvement Best Sellers Deals & Savings Gift Ideas Power & Hand Tools Lighting & Ceiling Fans Kitchen & Bath Fixtures Smart Home Shop by Room Launchpad




















































































1-24 of 4,133 results for Tools & Home Improvement : Prime Day deals



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review


























Best Sellerin Camping ShovelsSOG Entrenching Tool F08-N - Folding Shovel, High Carbon Steel Handle, Nylon Carry Case, Powder Coat Finishby SOG
$
6
22

Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 28.More Buying Choices$4.32(54 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.3 out of 5 stars
1,091See Size OptionsStanley Powerlock 25ft Tape Ruleby Stanley
$
9
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$8.69(109 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
1,095Best Sellerin Torque WrenchesSee more choicesTEKTON 24335 1/2-Inch Drive Click Torque Wrench (10-150 ft.-lb./13.6-203.5 Nm)by TEKTON
$
36
99

$39.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$23.10(26 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.4 out of 5 stars
1,553See more choicesStanley 94-248 65-Piece Homeowner's Tool Kitby Stanley
$
38
67

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$35.96(40 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
1,530Best Sellerin Drill AdaptersSee more choicesTEKTON 4957 Impact Adapter and Reducer Set, Cr-V, 4-Pieceby TEKTON
$
7
27

PrimeGet it by Saturday, Jul 29More Buying Choices$5.74(11 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
1,782See more choicesBLACK+DECKER LDX120C 20-Volt MAX Lithium-Ion Cordless Drill/Driverby BLACK+DECKER
$
51
37

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$43.70(91 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
3,342PeakPlus Super Bright LED Tactical Flashlight Zoomable Adjustable Focus 5 Modes Water Resistant Torch with Rechargeable 18650 Lithium Ion Battery & Chargerby PeakPlus
$
16
99

$39.99PrimeGet it by Saturday, Jul 29More Buying Choices$16.99(2 new offers)7% off purchase of 2 itemsSee DetailsFREE Shipping on eligible orders and 1 more promotion
4.5 out of 5 stars
3,179Best Sellerin Power Random Orbit SandersBlack & Decker BDERO100 Random Orbit Sander, 5-Inchby BLACK+DECKER
$
26
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$23.99(14 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
650Best Sellerin Hex KeysSee more choicesTEKTON Long Arm Ball End Hex Key Wrench Set, Inch/Metric, 26-Piece | 25282by TEKTON
$
15
59

$16.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$3.41(13 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.8 out of 5 stars
530Best Sellerin Power Tool StaplesSee Size OptionsStanley TRA700BN Heavy-Duty Staple & Brad Assortment, 2500-Packby Stanley
$
5
82

$10.99Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 28.More Buying Choices$5.82(14 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
497See Size OptionsNeiko 60166A Toilet Plunger with Patented All-Angle Design | Heavy Duty | Aluminum Handleby Neiko
$
13
99

$22.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$12.17(11 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
1,383See more choicesZircon e50-FFP Stud Sensor e50 Edge-Finding Electronic Stud Finder with AC Wire Warning in Easy Open Packagingby Zircon
$
23
87

$29.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.1 out of 5 stars
1,122Best Sellerin Screwdriver Bit SetsDEWALT DWA2T40IR IMPACT READY FlexTorq Screw Driving Set, 40-Pieceby DEWALT
$
25
94

$29.27PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$25.94(27 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.7 out of 5 stars
850TEKTON 24330 3/8-Inch Drive Click Torque Wrench (10-80 ft.-lb./13.6-108.5 Nm)by TEKTON
$
33
12

$39.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$25.03(21 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.3 out of 5 stars
711Best Sellerin Power Polishers & BuffersBlack & Decker WP900 6-Inch Random Orbit Waxer/Polisherby Black & Decker
$
28
32

$29.97PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$20.99(46 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.2 out of 5 stars
554Black & Decker DR260C 5.2-Amp Drill/Driver, 3/8-Inchby BLACK+DECKER
$
21
99

$24.88PrimeExclusively for Prime MembersGet it by Saturday, Jul 29More Buying Choices$19.13(63 used &amp new offers)
4.3 out of 5 stars
376See Size OptionsTEKTON 30812 Double-Faced Soft Mallet, 35 mmby TEKTON
$
7
87

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$7.87(13 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
526Best Sellerin Plier SetsStanley 84-114 3 Piece Basic 6-Inch Slip Joint, 6-Inch Long Nose, and 6-Inch Diagonal Plier Setby Stanley
$
8
89

Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 28.More Buying Choices$6.90(16 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
238See Size OptionsTEKTON 2830 Everybit (TM) Precision Bit and Driver Kit for Electronic and Precision Devices, 27-Pieceby TEKTON
$
9
99

$19.98PrimeGet it by Saturday, Jul 29More Buying Choices$7.95(23 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
2,056TEKTON 4971 1/2-Inch Drive Impact Extension Bar Set, Cr-V, 3-Pieceby TEKTON
$
11
48

$13.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$9.47(9 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.7 out of 5 stars
682Smith & Wesson Extreme Ops SWA24S Liner Lock Folding Knife Partially Serrated Clip Point Bladeby Smith & Wesson
$
11
97

$17.24PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$6.94(24 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.2 out of 5 stars
380See more choicesStanley 33-725 25-Feet FatMax Tape Measureby Stanley
$
16
97

Subscribe & SaveSave more with monthly Subscribe & Save deliveries.
$
16
97

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$13.00(99 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
779Best Sellerin Wood ChiselsSee Size OptionsStanley 16-150 150 Series Short Blade 3-Piece Wood Chisel Setby Stanley
$
9
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28More Buying Choices$5.91(45 used &amp new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
526See more choicesSOG Key Folding Knife KEY-101 - 1.5" Blade, Black Stainless Steel Handleby SOG Specialty Knives
$
7
78

$10.99Add-on ItemAdd to a qualifying order to get it by Tomorrow, Jul 28.More Buying Choices$7.78(6 new offers)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.5 out of 5 stars
2,453Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackSOAIY Soft Brightness Plug In LED Night Light with Smart Dusk To Dawn On / Off Sensor, Offset Prongs, for Kids Room, Hallway, Bathroom, Stairs, White (5800K), Pack of 8by Soaiy
$
16
99

$19.99PrimeGet it by Saturday, Jul 29FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.8 out of 5 stars
595Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackBlueFire 1200 Lumen CREE XML T6 Adjustable LED 5 Mode Aluminum Flashlightby BlueFire
$
12
34

Subscribe & SaveSave more with monthly Subscribe & Save deliveries.
$
12
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.3 out of 5 stars
907Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackTactical Portable LED Flashlight 1000 Lumens with 5 Modesby Uoline
$
19
99

$59.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4 out of 5 stars
545Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackDigital Vernier Caliper IP54 Made of Hardened Stainless Steel by PQS Large LCD Screen-6"/150mm-Auto Off Provides Precision Measurement in Inches and Metric Easy to Read and Useby Perfect Quality Solutions
$
40
99

$99.99PrimeIn StockFREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.3 out of 5 stars
90Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackPack of 4 Flashlights, BYBLIGHT 150 Lumen Ultra Bright LED Flashlight, Zoomable Tactical Flashlight with 3 Modes for Indoors and Outdoors (Camping, Cycling, Emergency, and Gift-Giving)by BYB
$
15
99

$24.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.6 out of 5 stars
1,257Sponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedback2Pcs Tactical Flashlight Water Resistant Military Grade Tac Light with 5 Modes & Zoom Function Ultra Bright Torchby Miuree
$
15
99

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 28FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.4 out of 5 stars
875

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
173
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.

Father's Day in Tools and Home Improvement Celebrate Father’s Day and save 20% or more on select Tools. Find the perfect gift for dads who are passionate about tools; whether they are professionals who make a living out of tools or casual DIYers who are passionate about building projects. Amazon’s Tools and Home Improvement store offers a large variety of Hand Tools, Power Tools, Test and Measurement Tools and Garage storage. In addition, keep your dad safe with our safety and security selection.  Our Gifts under $25, $50, $75 and $100 allow you to browse a wide catalogue of gifts within your budget and enjoy a time saving and stress free shopping experience. You can find here all the needed tools from flashlights, sander, table saw, tool box, torque wrench, soldering iron, tactical flashlight, circular saw, led flashlight, drill, welding helmet, cordless drill, router bits, impact driver, tool set, socket set, hammer drill, tool bag, stud finder, drill press, screwdriver set, belt sander, miter saw, router table, clamps, welder, tool set, nail gun, level and jigsaw. Without the proper tools, it's probable that most projects aren't going to get done, or at least not be done well. Help your dad perfect his project, no matter what tool-related venture he is taking on. Amazon.com has the trustworthy brands delivering the helpful products your dad loves, brands like Dremel, Dewalt, Makita, Black + Decker, Bosch, Stanley, Tekton, Shop Vac and more.  Shop on Amazon.com and get free shipping for qualifying orders. 





Show results for
                                Tools & Home ImprovementPrime Day dealsAppliancesBuilding SuppliesElectricalHardwareKitchen & Bath FixturesLight BulbsLighting & Ceiling FansMeasuring & Layout ToolsPainting Supplies & Wall TreatmentsPower & Hand ToolsRough PlumbingSafety & SecurityStorage & Home OrganizationWelding & SolderingRefine byAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonFeatured BrandsStanleyTEKTONBLACK+DECKERPeakPlusNeikoZirconDEWALTSee moreColor
Black
Grey
White
Brown
Beige
Red
Orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple
Gold
Silver
Multi
Stainless SteelPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpSubscribe & SaveSubscribe & Save EligibleInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleCertificationsEnergy StarUL ListedConditionNewUsedPriceUnder $25$25 to $50$50 to $100$100 to $200$200 & Above$$GoDiscount10% Off or More25% Off or More50% Off or More70% Off or MoreSellerAmazon.comDataAlchemyAcme ToolsGatziesFactory Authorized OutletCPO OutletsNorex Supply - Save up to 70% on everything!ONLINE DEALZMaterro LLCUnbeatableSale, IncAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates








