


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 












































Skip To Content













 





















                Home
                






                Working with us
                






                        Working with us
                    




It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work












Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®









                Your life priorities
                





 Your life priorities
                    




What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how












Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work









                Research & insights
                






                        Our insights
                    




A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth









                Find an advisor
                









Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search on LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor












Visit our page














Find an advisor


Contact Us


Client login









 

Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 




Whatever your priorities, this can help you find someone who understands you and has the resources to help you manage your financial life 











AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER, WE ALL face major turning points in our lives—getting married, becoming a parent, receiving a life-changing promotion, getting ready to retire. At times like these, many people feel a need for financial help, and start to wonder whether working with a financial advisor might make sense. That's when the search begins.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future. Someone who'll be there for you for years to come, and who can provide more than just stock recommendations.
To find an advisor who can help you with those decisions, don't be afraid to ask the following tough questions—they'll help you get a clear idea of what you can expect from the relationship and whether it makes sense for you.
1. What types of clients do you work with?
Some advisors have special experience working with business owners or members of a specific profession. Others might have particular knowledge in a specialty, such as sustainable investing or retirement planning. Ask what team members or resources from around their company they can call upon to help you meet your specific needs.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future.
2. What is your track record?
No advisor can or should promise financial results based on past performance. And beware those who do. But an advisor with a record of long relationships with clients likely provides the kind of service that earns their loyalty.
3. How often will we talk?
An advisor should be committed to conversations in person, by phone, or online—whatever your preference is—as often as you require. Every client has different needs and expectations. Be upfront with the advisor about how frequently and by what means you would like to get together to discuss your finances.
4. How realistic are my goals?
Even if you have a strong idea of what you want to accomplish with your money, the right advisor can help you better understand and prioritize your goals, including making any necessary tradeoffs based on your finances, timelines and investing preferences.






MORE INSIGHTS
Wondering What It's Like to Work with an Advisor? Tune in to a candid conversation  on “The Value of Advice.” 
Watch the webcast



5. How will we keep my strategy on course?
Even the best strategy will need adjusting as financial markets and your goals change. An advisor should have a plan for regular reviews and the ability to correct as market conditions and your priorities shift.
6. What happens if the markets are volatile? Will you call me?
When markets get scary, there's nothing worse than feeling isolated and alone. One of an advisor's most vital functions is to reach out at such times, hear your concerns, offer perspective, and talk about any needed adjustments to your strategy.
7. What if I'm upset about a service issue or an investment?
As life becomes increasingly automated, there's nothing like a human voice and quick response when you're concerned about a financial matter. Advisors who define their success by your success will be eager to quickly resolve any such issues.
8. Who will I actually be working with?
Many advisors have teams of professionals to enhance the services they provide. Ask who you'd be working with on a regular basis and their level of experience. Beyond the immediate team, does the company supporting them have access to a broad array of financial insights and resources?
9. How do I pay you for your work?
It's never easy to ask, but the right advisors will welcome this question. Clarity about fees is vital to a successful relationship. Payment—whether a percentage of assets or per transaction—should be structured around your needs and preferences.






What Can an Advisor Do for You?
Watch "Making the Leap" to see how one couple – with the help of their advisor – built a business while keeping their retirement goals in sight. For more first-hand stories, visit "Working with Us."
Transcript of Video
















Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.





Give us a call at
1.866.706.8321
9am - 9pm EST, Monday - Friday





Have questions for your financial advisor?
Connect with to continue the conversation.

View Profile


Phone 
Email 






View Profile










Share:



Facebook


LinkedIn


Twitter


email








LEARN MORE ABOUT WORKING WITH MERRILL LYNCH






                Find the Right Advisor For you
            




                With over 14,000 financial advisors nationwide, find one who fits your needs.
            






Search yourLinkedIn network

Go

Contact your advisor
                            
                        






                Why a Merrill Lynch advisor?
            




                Our investment insights provide a valuable complement to a unique or tailored approach that revolves around you.
            

                        See how
                    






                Explore your goals
            




                This is all about you, from what you hope to achieve to what keeps you up at night.
            

                        Start exploring
                    






                2017 Midyear Market Check:
            




                Learn about the key issues that could impact your financial life.


                        Watch Our Webcast
                    






                Related articles
            









Are You Ready for Life’s Big Changes?
Read article



4 Big Retirement Risks—and How to Prepare for Them
Read article























Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders









Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media









Get in touch:
Contact UsConnect with us:
Flipboard LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck













Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.










Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.






            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            

                
                    AR5FWD5G-EXP-2018-05-04
                    
                
            





X
You need to answer some questions first
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Get started




Top












Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.


Continue


Return to Merrill Lynch




























Investing Denver | Financial Investment Management Colorado































































Protection | Value | GrowthLoss Averse InvestingWhat's Your Investment Landscape?



 “Wherever you are on your path to financial freedom, we specialize in offering the solutions that enable your success.”

Choose Your Path to Success
  I'm an InvestorI’m seeking the next level in financial advice.I'm an AdvisorI’m seeking unique solutions for my clients.
About PVG Asset Management
PVG is an industry leader when it comes to investments and risk management. Our loss averse investment approach has been utilized for nearly two decades. We pride ourselves in offering protection in turbulent markets, value based income investing and long term growth.
  Learn More
How Can We Help You?
Call us at (800) 777-0818 or complete the form below to get started
 





















First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Company:

Comments:
Opt in to Receive Manager Commentary

























About | PVG Asset Management






















































AboutHome  About



PVG was founded in 1987 and we began managing Loss Averse Portfolios during 2001.
PVG manages Loss Averse Investment Strategies for institutions and individuals. Our investment approach concentrates on protecting capital during market downturns and providing an absolute return. Risk management includes the use of inverse Exchange Traded Funds (ETF’s), price targets, moving stop losses, and maintaining substantial cash balances when investment conditions are unfavorable.
We currently have offices in Centennial and Genesee, Colorado.
We welcome inquires to information@pvgasset.com or 800-777-0818.



Learn More About Us
Firm Profile
Our Team
Investment Process
Investment Strategies
How to Invest

 


















Investment Strategies Denver | PVG Asset Management
























































StrategiesHome  Strategies


Investors may choose between various separately managed accounts invested in individual securities or Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs).
Separate Account objectives include:  Loss Averse Strategies
Tactical Strategies
Focused Strategies
ETF Allocation Models
Mutual Fund
Loss Averse StrategiesPVG Loss Averse Strategies are designed to try and prevent major market losses in your portfolio. We are proactively hedging against market risk and attempting to capture value in our security selection.

Loss Averse Equity Income
High Income
Core Equity

  Tactical StrategiesPVG Tactical Strategies are designed to try and capture market participation as well as minimize losses in your portfolio. We are proactively hedging against market risk and attempting to capture value in our security selection. Some strategies are utilizing algorithm based models as well.

Dynamic Core
Tactical Total Return
MAC Model
U.S. Corporate Flexible Bond
Value Leaders Long-Short
Global Macro

  Focused StrategiesPVG Focused Strategies are designed to try and add alpha in your portfolio. We are utilizing our security selection to maximize returns in your portfolio while still minimizing beta or volatility as much as we can without the use of hedges.  Portfolios can move to cash if necessary.

Income Focused
Multi-Cap Focused

  ETF Allocation ModelsThe ETF Allocation Models seek an attractive return by combining stock and bond ETF’s and periodically rebalancing.

ETF Allocation Models

  Mutual FundClick the link below to find out more about a Mutual Fund which we are the Sub Advisor.

Mutual Fund Information

  


Learn More About Us
Firm Profile
Our Team
Investment Process
Investment Strategies
How to Invest

 


















Tactical Total Return Investing Denver | PVG Asset Management



























































Tactical Total ReturnHome  Strategies  Tactical Total Return






Summary










Performance & Literature









Investment Objective
This strategy seeks an attractive “absolute total return” for investors. The Tactical Total Return portfolio is invested in extensively diversified Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) that represent broad economic, industry, and geographic sectors of the U.S. and international markets. In addition to ETF’s, the portfolio will opportunistically invest in dividend paying equities and closed end funds for yield.
The strategy aims to capture a moderate portion of rising stock and bond market returns while minimizing losses during falling markets. The key to our success is a disciplined multi-level risk management approach that reduces portfolio volatility and minimizes the risk of losing money during falling markets.
Investment Approach
The Tactical Total Return Strategy is invested in Exchange Traded Funds as well as individual securities. ETF’s are security portfolios that that provide broad diversification since they each include a dozen to hundreds of individual stocks or bonds. Each ETF represents a specific economic, industry, and geographic sector of the U.S. and international markets. PVG’s ETF holdings typically represent faster growing segments of the global economy. Portfolio management and security selection encompasses both fundamental and technical analysis and employs internal and external intelligence in the execution of the approach.
Our ETF selection process includes identifying the attractively valued securities of companies that can grow sales and earnings at above average rates, and then identifying ETF’s that best represent such securities.
Risk Management
PVG reduces un-diversifiable market volatility and risk by hedging portfolios with inverse market index securities, stop losses and cash positions. Hedging tactics are utilized to reduce overall volatility of the portfolio, and may also result in minimizing losses that may occur in an unfavorable cyclical or secular market.
PVG is not a market timer. 


Tactical Total Return Marketing Deck 




+

Summary








Investment Objective
This strategy seeks an attractive “absolute total return” for investors. The Tactical Total Return portfolio is invested in extensively diversified Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) that represent broad economic, industry, and geographic sectors of the U.S. and international markets. In addition to ETF’s, the portfolio will opportunistically invest in dividend paying equities and closed end funds for yield.
The strategy aims to capture a moderate portion of rising stock and bond market returns while minimizing losses during falling markets. The key to our success is a disciplined multi-level risk management approach that reduces portfolio volatility and minimizes the risk of losing money during falling markets.
Investment Approach
The Tactical Total Return Strategy is invested in Exchange Traded Funds as well as individual securities. ETF’s are security portfolios that that provide broad diversification since they each include a dozen to hundreds of individual stocks or bonds. Each ETF represents a specific economic, industry, and geographic sector of the U.S. and international markets. PVG’s ETF holdings typically represent faster growing segments of the global economy. Portfolio management and security selection encompasses both fundamental and technical analysis and employs internal and external intelligence in the execution of the approach.
Our ETF selection process includes identifying the attractively valued securities of companies that can grow sales and earnings at above average rates, and then identifying ETF’s that best represent such securities.
Risk Management
PVG reduces un-diversifiable market volatility and risk by hedging portfolios with inverse market index securities, stop losses and cash positions. Hedging tactics are utilized to reduce overall volatility of the portfolio, and may also result in minimizing losses that may occur in an unfavorable cyclical or secular market.
PVG is not a market timer. 



+

Performance & Literature







Tactical Total Return Marketing Deck 








Learn More About Us
Firm Profile
Our Team
Investment Process
Investment Strategies
How to Invest

 


















Investment Commentary Denver Colorado | PVG Asset Management
























































Manager CommentaryHome  Manager Commentary


  












PVG Market In A Minute – July 25, 2017


July 24, 2017PVG AdminInvestment Ideas, Investment Reviews, Manager Commentary, Market Perspective, News & InsightsNo Comments 

Last week, we mentioned Microsoft’s earnings report would be a good barometer for the market. It was interesting to see how the stock reacted when they had strong earnings, especially when the banks reported very good earnings and their stocks declined. Please click the link below to continue reading: Market in a Minute 2017-7-25

Read More












PVG Market In A Minute – July 18, 2017


July 17, 2017PVG AdminInvestment Ideas, Investment Reviews, Manager Commentary, Market Perspective, News & InsightsNo Comments 

We are entering the first big week of earnings reports this week. Last week the banks reported much better than expected earnings, but the stocks traded down. Technology, as a group, has been extremely strong this year. Microsoft (MSFT) is the first “real” technology company to report on Thursday. The consensus calls for just 3%…

Read More












PVG Market In A Minute – July 11, 2017


July 10, 2017PVG AdminInvestment Ideas, Investment Reviews, Manager Commentary, Market Perspective, News & InsightsNo Comments 

The FANG stocks have sold off on average about 10% from the recent high. We believe this is a message that the valuations are very high. The technology sector has fallen from the recent high to the most recent low by -5.6%, making it oversold. Click the link below to continue reading: Market in a…

Read More












PVG Bond Market Report – July 10, 2017


July 10, 2017PVG AdminInvestment Ideas, Investment Reviews, Manager Commentary, Market Perspective, News & InsightsNo Comments 

The 30-year Treasury yield has risen 19 basis points since June 23rd. This significant move in the longer-term bond was due to an assortment of factors, most notably central banker prattle. The upwards move in the German bund yields visibly had a major impact, as it carried competing U.S. yields higher too. Click on the…

Read More












PVG Bond Market Update – June 27, 2017


June 27, 2017PVG AdminInvestment Ideas, Investment Reviews, Manager Commentary, Market Perspective, News & Insights 

The Chicago Fed’s National Activity index released yesterday morning showed a negative 0.26 figure in May, from an upwardly revised 0.57 reading in April. The May reading is the lowest since this past January, when a matching 0.26 was posted. Please click the link below to continue reading: PVG Bond Market 20170627

Read More












PVG Market In A Minute – June 27, 2017


June 27, 2017PVG AdminInvestment Ideas, Investment Reviews, Manager Commentary, Market Perspective, News & Insights 

Barron’s was an interesting read this weekend. They had a small article about an old technical indicator called the Hindenburg Omen, named after the famous crash of the German airship in 1937. The Barron’s article points out that, “Not every Hindenburg has been followed by financial distress, but every financial distress has followed a Hindenburg.”…

Read More












PVG Monthly Update Dynamic Core – June 22, 2017


June 21, 2017PVG AdminInvestment Ideas, Investment Reviews, Manager Commentary, Market Perspective, News & Insights 

We would like to update you on the PVG Dynamic Core strategy, which is a tactical portfolio that is designed to mirror the S&P 500 Index in rising markets, yet in bear markets maintain a defensive posture and preserve capital. The strategy has done just that. During the past twelve months, the strategy is up…

Read More












PVG Market In A Minute – June 20, 2017


June 20, 2017PVG AdminInvestment Ideas, Investment Reviews, Manager Commentary, Market Perspective, News & Insights 

Last week, the Federal Reserve raised rates by .25% to 1.25% and expects to raise rates again by year end to 1.5%. The current inflation rate in the U.S. for the last 12 months is 1.9%. Monetary policy is still very accommodative with a real interest rate of -.65%. Please click the link below to…

Read More



 




Also see Featured News & Insight
 



















Core Equity Investing Denver | PVG Asset Management



























































Core EquityHome  Strategies  Core Equity






Summary










Performance & Literature









Investment Objective
The strategy seeks an attractive absolute return for investors by capturing a significant portion of rising stock and bond market returns while minimizing losses during falling markets. The portfolio is invested in individual stocks that represent broad economic, industry, and geographic sectors of U.S. and international markets.
Investment Approach
Portfolio management and security selection encompasses both fundamental and technical analysis. Our process includes identifying the securities of companies that can grow sales and earnings at above average rates, and judgments about whether those securities are under or overvalued relative to market conditions. These include those with longer-term return potential because of economic and technological change, new product and service development, market or geographic expansion, or structural change that unlocks shareholder value. Macro-economic and market trends are also studied to help with the timing of purchases.
Risk Management
PVG reduces undiversifiable market volatility and risk by hedging portfolios with inverse market index securities, stop losses and cash positions. Hedging tactics are utilized to reduce overall volatility of the portfolio, and may also result in minimizing losses that may occur in an unfavorable cyclical or secular market.
Individual security risk is also managed by PVG. While PVG extensively researches all securities included in Equity Income portfolios, changing fundamental and market conditions, periodically requires the sale and replacement of portfolio securities. Others are sold if they rise to excessive valuations. 


Core Equity Marketing Deck 




+

Summary








Investment Objective
The strategy seeks an attractive absolute return for investors by capturing a significant portion of rising stock and bond market returns while minimizing losses during falling markets. The portfolio is invested in individual stocks that represent broad economic, industry, and geographic sectors of U.S. and international markets.
Investment Approach
Portfolio management and security selection encompasses both fundamental and technical analysis. Our process includes identifying the securities of companies that can grow sales and earnings at above average rates, and judgments about whether those securities are under or overvalued relative to market conditions. These include those with longer-term return potential because of economic and technological change, new product and service development, market or geographic expansion, or structural change that unlocks shareholder value. Macro-economic and market trends are also studied to help with the timing of purchases.
Risk Management
PVG reduces undiversifiable market volatility and risk by hedging portfolios with inverse market index securities, stop losses and cash positions. Hedging tactics are utilized to reduce overall volatility of the portfolio, and may also result in minimizing losses that may occur in an unfavorable cyclical or secular market.
Individual security risk is also managed by PVG. While PVG extensively researches all securities included in Equity Income portfolios, changing fundamental and market conditions, periodically requires the sale and replacement of portfolio securities. Others are sold if they rise to excessive valuations. 



+

Performance & Literature







Core Equity Marketing Deck 








Learn More About Us
Firm Profile
Our Team
Investment Process
Investment Strategies
How to Invest

 

















Pvg Asset Management Corp | Wealthminder











































Pvg Asset Management Corp


Pvg Asset Management Corp
(CRD# 105541) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Golden, CO.
They
manage $298,000,000 in 3,400 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 49 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Pvg Asset Management Corp




24918 Genesee Trail Road,
Golden,
CO
80401
303-526-0548
http://pvgassetmanagement.com




http://pvgassetmanagement.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

298
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

3,400
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$87,647







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AK, AL, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV






Financial Advisors at Pvg Asset Management Corp




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Joseph N. Pecoraro



CRD#:
831015



24918 Genesee Trail Road,
Golden,
CO
80401




90

Wealthminder
score








Joseph Pecoraro (CRD# 831015) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Pvg Asset Management Corp in Golden, CO and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Patrick S. Adams



CRD#:
2438502



5975 S Quebec Street, Suite 270,
Centennial,
CO
80111




87

Wealthminder
score








Patrick Adams (CRD# 2438502) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Pvg Asset Management Corp in Centennial, CO and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Pvg Asset Management Corporation                                                                                         - Golden                                            , CO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CO



Golden



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Pvg Asset Management Corporation
                                    



 





















P 


Pvg Asset Management Corporation                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



24918 GENESEE TRAIL RD GOLDEN, CO 80401
Get Directions



(303) 526-0548
www.pvgasset.com                                                                                        





Business Info



 Founded 1987
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $600,000.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Joseph N Pecoraro                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Pvg Asset Management Corporation                                                                                         was founded in 1987, and is located at 24918 Genesee Trail Rd in Golden. Additional information is available at www.pvgasset.com                                                                                         or by contacting Joseph N Pecoraro                                                                                                        at (303) 526-0548. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Contact Denver Investment Managers | PVG Asset Management
























































ContactHome  Contact



The Streets at SouthGlenn
6898 S. University Blvd., Suite 100
Centennial, CO 80122
Phone: (800) 777-0818
Email: information@pvgasset.com
  
Genesee Business Center
24918 Genesee Trail Road
Golden, CO 80401
Phone: (800) 777-0818
Email: information@pvgasset.com
  
Clearwater Florida Office
10300 49th Street North
Clearwater, FL 33762
Phone: (800) 777-0818
Email: information@pvgasset.com
  



























PVG ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






PVG ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP






24918 GENESEE TRAIL ROAD, GOLDEN,  Colorado, 80401, (303) 874-7478


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
112


New Positions
42


Increased Positions
66


Decreased Positions
45


Positions with Activity
111


Sold Out Positions
24


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
339



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
4.95%


Basic Materials
3.64%


Industrials
3.02%


Consumer Cyclicals
8.69%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
6.09%


Financials
58.29%


Healthcare
5.4%


Technology
1.29%


Telecommunication Services
7.3%


Utilities
1.1%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






112 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



PROSHARES TR
SHORT S&P 500 NE
48,621
16,462
51.19
1,484,601


UNITI GROUP INC
COM
29,569
23,393
378.74
1,121,323


CENTURYLINK INC
COM
12,189
8,898
270.39
533,211


BP PLC
SPONSORED ADR
10,346
8,841
587.17
296,969


STAPLES INC
COM
9,986
6,935
227.29
984,787


SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR
TR UNIT
9,836
274
2.86
39,752


ISHARES TR
CORE S&P500 ETF
9,107
-209
(2.24)
36,553


VANGUARD INDEX FDS
S&P 500 ETF SHS
9,064
-207
(2.24)
39,877


ASTRAZENECA PLC
SPONSORED ADR
8,983
1,641
22.35
264,675


SELECT SECTOR SPDR TR
ENERGY
7,840
7,840
New
119,000


INTL PAPER CO
COM
7,096
7,096
New
125,842


EXXON MOBIL CORP
COM
6,407
6,407
New
79,722


GENERAL MLS INC
COM
5,934
5,934
New
107,643


NEW SR INVT GROUP INC
COM
5,838
3,439
143.31
558,160


GLOBAL MED REIT INC
COM NEW
5,527
3,593
185.86
594,279


CYS INVTS INC
COM
5,334
2,987
127.29
634,279


INDEPENDENCE RLTY TR INC
COM
5,302
846
19.00
528,640


NUCOR CORP
COM
5,242
5,242
New
90,200


CVS HEALTH CORP
COM
5,054
2,442
93.48
64,554


INVESCO MORTGAGE CAPITAL INC
COM
4,982
1,014
25.54
299,957




<< first< previous123456next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            China Eastern buying 10 pct Air France KLM stake as part of airline JVs' rejig
                        



	                    11:54PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            FOREX-Dollar dips after bounce, U.S. GDP awaited for potential support
                        



	                    11:26PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            EXCLUSIVE-Former Barclays CEO close to deal to buy Hartford unit -sources
                        



	                     9:51PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Sound Financial Bancorp, Inc. Reports 2nd Quarter Net Income of $1.3 million or $0.50 per share
                        



	                     9:37PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            FOREX-Dollar stalls after bounce, U.S. GDP awaited for potential support
                        



	                     8:58PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































PVG ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      PVG ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP
                    

HTTP://PVGASSETMANAGEMENT.COM
•   GOLDEN, CO
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             PVG Asset Management Corp is based out of Golden. PVG Asset Management Corp is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $455,172,757 (Form ADV from 2017-03-31).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $323,478,859 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 40.94%. PVG Asset Management Corp's largest holding is Short S&P 500 Proshares with shares held of 1,484,601.   WhaleWisdom has at least 10 13F filings in our database for PVG Asset Management Corp. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from PVG ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


XLE
        
        S&P Select Sector S...
2.572%



BP
        
        BP Plc ADR
2.489%



CTL
        
        Centurylink Inc
2.445%



XOM
        
        Exxon Mobil Corp.
2.021%



IP
        
        International Paper...
1.976%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


SDS
         
         ProShares UltraShor...
13.299%


PCEF
         
         PowerShares CEF Inc...
3.092%


MCC
         
         Medley Capital Corp
1.759%


GSK
         
         GlaxoSmithKline Plc...
1.743%


CY
         
         Cypress Semiconduct...
1.684%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


SH
                                                  
                                                  Short S&P 500 Proshares
15.8291%


CTL
                                                  
                                                  Centurylink Inc
3.8852%


BP
                                                  
                                                  BP Plc ADR
3.1691%


SPY
                                                  
                                                  SPDR S&P 500 ETF Index Depo...
2.897%


IVV
                                                  
                                                  iShares Trust - Core S&P 50...
2.6811%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $323.479 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $237.682 Million
New Purchases43 stocks
Additional Purchases25 stocks
Sold out of36 stocks
Reduced holdings in21 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %40.94%
Turnover %
                        [1]:87.78%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:54.04%
Time Held Top20:1.65 quarters
Time Held Top10:1.40 quarters
Time Held All:2.77 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for PVG ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-30 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
0.79%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
16.13%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

PVG ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP

Classified as Hedge Fund

6898 S. UNIVERSITY BLVD., SUITE 100


DENVER
CO
            
        80122
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          303-526-0548
Fax:
              303-526-1391


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm,Investment advisor to an investment company
      


Form of Organization:
Corporation 


Organized in:
CO


Number of employees:
9


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
2,000,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
4



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
2,000,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
4


Disclosures:




HTTP://PVGASSETMANAGEMENT.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free






























Rick Garcia - President at PVG Asset Management Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Rick Garcia
President at PVG Asset Management Corp.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Rick Garcia
President at PVG Asset Management Corp.



 Overview



Notable Companies


PVG Asset Management Corp.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 606 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
December 17, 2016





                        Rick Garcia is now serving in a new position at PVG Asset Management Corp.                    





RelSci
September 29, 2016





                        Rick Garcia is now serving in a new position at PVG Asset Management Corp.                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Joseph Nicholas Pecoraro

Founder at PVG Asset Management Corp.




Patrick S. Adams

Founder & Chief Executive Officer at Choice Investment Management LLC





Mark Stang

Vice President at PVG Asset Management Corp.




Richard J. Prati

Chief Executive Officer at Life Care Medical Devices Ltd.





Sinh Thu Ly

Professional at Cynergy Emerging Growth LLC




Richard Prati

Analyst & Co-Portfolio Manager at PVG Asset Management Corp.





Paul MacNamara

Portfolio Manager at PVG Asset Management Corp.




Timothy Joseph McIntosh

Portfolio Manager at PVG Asset Management Corp.





Michael John Lahaie

Former CCO at PVG Asset Management Corp.




Brett Frascati

Regional Director at PVG Asset Management Corp.







See 596 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 596 More 


 


 Paths to Rick Garcia



            Rick Garcia          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Rick Garcia






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Rick Garcia.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Metropolitan State University of Denver

                  The Metropolitan State University of Denver is a public university located in Denver, in the U.S. state of Colorado.                





 Career History



President

                                    Current                


PVG Asset Management Corp.


                  PVG Asset Management seeks absolute returns through investments in stocks, bonds and ETFs, without regard to style or asset class. The firm hedges clients' portfolios against market declines. Their benchmark is an annualized return in the range of 7% to 15% from stock portfolios rather than any market index or peer group. PVG employs an opportunistic approach in both multiple-specialized manager asset allocation models and in alternative core/satellite allocation investment models. The firm's strategy initially targets realistic investment gains from the purchase of each security. They purchase only securities that can be quickly sold. The firm employs stop-losses and strives to minimize trading and execution costs.                




Stock Broker

                                    Prior                


Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (Broker)


                  Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is a FINRA-registered broker/dealer headquartered in San Francisco. The firm is a subsidiary of the Charles Schwab Corp. (NYSE: SCHW). They are members of the Chicago Board Options Exchange, NASDAQ and NYSE Arca, Inc. Charles Schwab & Co. is an exchange member engaged in exchange commission business other than floor activities. They also retail mutual funds and OTC corporate equity securities. In addition, the firm underwrites and/or sells corporate securities, underwrites and/or sponsors mutual funds, is a put and call broker/dealer and/or option writer and provides investment advisory services                




Business Development Consultant

                                    Prior                


Jackson National Life Distributors, Inc.


                  Jackson National Life Distributors, Inc. distributes life insurance products. It wholesales and distributes retail products including variable, fixed index annuities, and mutual funds to independent and regional broker-dealers, independent agents, and financial institutions. It is a subsidiary of Jackson National Life Insurance Co. The company is headquartered in Denver, CO.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


United States Marine Corps


                  The United States Marine Corps (USMC) is a branch of the United States Armed Forces responsible for providing power projection from the sea, using the mobility of the United States Navy to rapidly deliver combined-arms task forces. It is one of seven uniformed services of the United States. Created in 1775, the Marine Corps has been a component of the United States Department of the Navy since 1834, often working closely with naval forces for training, transportation, and logistics.                





 Other Affiliations




              Rick Garcia is affiliated with
                            PVG Asset Management Corp., Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (Broker), Jackson National Life Distributors, Inc., United States Marine Corps.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















PVG Asset Management Corporation - HedgeFundJobList














































































sales@hedgefundjoblist.com



 









High Quality Hedge Fund Lists & Private Equity Lists 




Home
About
Prices/Lists
Frequently Asked Questions
Blog
Contact









 

 





­ 



Previous Next 

PVG Asset Management Corporation 



PVG Asset Management Corporation – Hedge Fund Company Info
Description:
PVG Asset Management Corporation is a hedge fund management company based in Golden , CO and has approximately $554 million in assets under management. PVG Asset Management Corporation specializes in Equity and Fixed Income and was founded in 1988.
Contact Details
 
Address:
24918 Genesee Trail Road
Golden, CO 80401
United States
Phone/Fax:
Phone: 303-526-548
Fax: 303-526-391
Other Contact Details:
Website: www.pvgasset.com
Main Company Email: ….@pvgassetmanagement.com
Fund Size:
Current AUM: Available
Basic Fund Details:
Investment Strategies: Equity  Fixed Income  
SEC Registered: No
Year Founded: 1988
Key Employees:
Doro…, Portfolio Manager
Jose…, Portfolio Manager
Key Executive Details
Other Details:
# of Employees: 4
Employment Info:
Hiring Status: Available
Download Info In Excel Format
Find 30 categories of updated info on PVG Asset Management Corporation including all of the above info in the below lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE List
×PVG Asset Management Corporation Main Email Address
The main corporate email address for PVG Asset Management Corporation is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×PVG Asset Management Corporation AUM
Updated assets under management information for PVG Asset Management Corporation is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×PVG Asset Management Corporation Client InfoInformation on clients of PVG Asset Management Corporation is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×PVG Asset Management Corporation Executive Contacts
Full details for top executives at PVG Asset Management Corporation, including name, position, and email addresses are available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose×PVG Asset Management Corporation Employment InfoInterested in a job with PVG Asset Management Corporation? Our unique “hiring status” column shows you if they are currently hiring new employees. Also access their HR/Career emails as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

Mountain Region Hedge Fund / PE ListClose 


Popular
Recent






United States Hedge Fund List

													May 27th, 2016												




Lake Hill Capital Management

													September 19th, 2016												




Top 75 US Hedge Funds 2016

													May 27th, 2016												








Manning Napier Advisors

													September 29th, 2016												




CEA Principal Advisors Group

													September 29th, 2016												




Woodside Capital Partners

													September 29th, 2016												
















Tags@
Absolute Return
Aerospace/Defense
Arbitrage
AUM
Business Services
clients
Commodities
Consumer Products
Convertibles
Credit
Distressed Assets
Distribution
Email address
Emerging Markets
Energy
Equity
Event Driven
Financial Services
Fixed Income
Food and Beverage
founded
Fund of Funds
Funds
Global Equity
Global Macro
Health Care
Hedge Fund
Industrials
Investment Bank
Investment Banking
Long/Short
Managed Futures
Manufacturing
Media
Middle Market
Multi Strategy
phone
Private Equity
Real Estate
Services
Small Cap
Technology
Value
Ventures


By admin|2016-09-06T09:30:52+00:00September 6th, 2016|Equity, Fixed Income, Hedge Fund|0 Comments 
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
 

About the Author: admin 

 






Comments are closed.


 
 
  
 
 
 
























 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 












































Skip To Content













 





















                Home
                






                Working with us
                






                        Working with us
                    




It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work












Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®









                Your life priorities
                





 Your life priorities
                    




What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how












Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work









                Research & insights
                






                        Our insights
                    




A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth









                Find an advisor
                









Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search on LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor












Visit our page














Find an advisor


Contact Us


Client login









 

Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 




Whatever your priorities, this can help you find someone who understands you and has the resources to help you manage your financial life 











AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER, WE ALL face major turning points in our lives—getting married, becoming a parent, receiving a life-changing promotion, getting ready to retire. At times like these, many people feel a need for financial help, and start to wonder whether working with a financial advisor might make sense. That's when the search begins.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future. Someone who'll be there for you for years to come, and who can provide more than just stock recommendations.
To find an advisor who can help you with those decisions, don't be afraid to ask the following tough questions—they'll help you get a clear idea of what you can expect from the relationship and whether it makes sense for you.
1. What types of clients do you work with?
Some advisors have special experience working with business owners or members of a specific profession. Others might have particular knowledge in a specialty, such as sustainable investing or retirement planning. Ask what team members or resources from around their company they can call upon to help you meet your specific needs.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future.
2. What is your track record?
No advisor can or should promise financial results based on past performance. And beware those who do. But an advisor with a record of long relationships with clients likely provides the kind of service that earns their loyalty.
3. How often will we talk?
An advisor should be committed to conversations in person, by phone, or online—whatever your preference is—as often as you require. Every client has different needs and expectations. Be upfront with the advisor about how frequently and by what means you would like to get together to discuss your finances.
4. How realistic are my goals?
Even if you have a strong idea of what you want to accomplish with your money, the right advisor can help you better understand and prioritize your goals, including making any necessary tradeoffs based on your finances, timelines and investing preferences.






MORE INSIGHTS
Wondering What It's Like to Work with an Advisor? Tune in to a candid conversation  on “The Value of Advice.” 
Watch the webcast



5. How will we keep my strategy on course?
Even the best strategy will need adjusting as financial markets and your goals change. An advisor should have a plan for regular reviews and the ability to correct as market conditions and your priorities shift.
6. What happens if the markets are volatile? Will you call me?
When markets get scary, there's nothing worse than feeling isolated and alone. One of an advisor's most vital functions is to reach out at such times, hear your concerns, offer perspective, and talk about any needed adjustments to your strategy.
7. What if I'm upset about a service issue or an investment?
As life becomes increasingly automated, there's nothing like a human voice and quick response when you're concerned about a financial matter. Advisors who define their success by your success will be eager to quickly resolve any such issues.
8. Who will I actually be working with?
Many advisors have teams of professionals to enhance the services they provide. Ask who you'd be working with on a regular basis and their level of experience. Beyond the immediate team, does the company supporting them have access to a broad array of financial insights and resources?
9. How do I pay you for your work?
It's never easy to ask, but the right advisors will welcome this question. Clarity about fees is vital to a successful relationship. Payment—whether a percentage of assets or per transaction—should be structured around your needs and preferences.






What Can an Advisor Do for You?
Watch "Making the Leap" to see how one couple – with the help of their advisor – built a business while keeping their retirement goals in sight. For more first-hand stories, visit "Working with Us."
Transcript of Video
















Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.





Give us a call at
1.866.706.8321
9am - 9pm EST, Monday - Friday





Have questions for your financial advisor?
Connect with to continue the conversation.

View Profile


Phone 
Email 






View Profile










Share:



Facebook


LinkedIn


Twitter


email








LEARN MORE ABOUT WORKING WITH MERRILL LYNCH






                Find the Right Advisor For you
            




                With over 14,000 financial advisors nationwide, find one who fits your needs.
            






Search yourLinkedIn network

Go

Contact your advisor
                            
                        






                Why a Merrill Lynch advisor?
            




                Our investment insights provide a valuable complement to a unique or tailored approach that revolves around you.
            

                        See how
                    






                Explore your goals
            




                This is all about you, from what you hope to achieve to what keeps you up at night.
            

                        Start exploring
                    






                2017 Midyear Market Check:
            




                Learn about the key issues that could impact your financial life.


                        Watch Our Webcast
                    






                Related articles
            









Are You Ready for Life’s Big Changes?
Read article



4 Big Retirement Risks—and How to Prepare for Them
Read article























Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders









Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media









Get in touch:
Contact UsConnect with us:
Flipboard LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck













Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.










Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.






            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            

                
                    AR5FWD5G-EXP-2018-05-04
                    
                
            





X
You need to answer some questions first
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Get started




Top












Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.


Continue


Return to Merrill Lynch




























Investing Denver | Financial Investment Management Colorado































































Protection | Value | GrowthLoss Averse InvestingWhat's Your Investment Landscape?



 “Wherever you are on your path to financial freedom, we specialize in offering the solutions that enable your success.”

Choose Your Path to Success
  I'm an InvestorI’m seeking the next level in financial advice.I'm an AdvisorI’m seeking unique solutions for my clients.
About PVG Asset Management
PVG is an industry leader when it comes to investments and risk management. Our loss averse investment approach has been utilized for nearly two decades. We pride ourselves in offering protection in turbulent markets, value based income investing and long term growth.
  Learn More
How Can We Help You?
Call us at (800) 777-0818 or complete the form below to get started
 





















First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Company:

Comments:
Opt in to Receive Manager Commentary






















 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


