GNC Holdings (GNC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»GNC Holdings (GNC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.27.17 | About: GNC Holdings, (GNC) GNC Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:GNC)
Q2 2017 Earnings Call
July 27, 2017 8:30 am ET
Executives
Matt Milanovich - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Robert F. Moran - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Analysts
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Joshua M. Siber - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Bob Summers - Macquarie Capital (NYSE:USA), Inc.
Operator
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GNC Holdings, Incorporated Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, July 27, 2017.
I would now like to turn the conference over to Matt Milanovic, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Matt Milanovich - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Good morning, everyone, and thanks for being with us. During the call today, we'll talk about the performance of One New GNC during the second quarter and how that shapes our view at the back half of 2017. We'll walk you through financial results we released earlier this morning and then open the call to your questions.
Before we begin, I must, as always, remind you that everything we cover during today's call, including questions and answers, is subject to the forward-looking information statement included in our 10-Q.
Let me now turn it over to Bob Moran, our Interim CEO.
Robert F. Moran - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. When we designed the One New GNC, we did it with the customer in mind. We were making bold changes in investments to leverage the strength and advantages inherent in our model, fix what was broken and improve the customer experience. During the second quarter, we saw those improvements begin to pay off and made good progress towards our goal of delivering meaningful profitable growth. It is still early days and we have work to do, but it looks like we are headed in the right direction.
Transactions for the quarter were up 12.3%, building on the growth we saw in the first quarter of 2017. We are attracting new customers to GNC, they are shopping more frequently and we're converting more of them. Transactions and comps ramped up throughout the quarter, trends that have continued into the early days of Q3.
We're also encouraged by the performance of our original pilot stores, which are outpacing the rest of the chain, in both transactions and average ticket growth, and comp sales for the pilot stores in the second quarter were positive. In many ways, this business is bucking the retail trend, with transaction growth that's well above the APT Retail Index year-to-date.
The challenges in our sector are well-publicized as our concerns about the future of retail, but we believe there is an opportunity for business models like GNC that listen and respond to the customer and give them products and experiences they can't get anywhere else.
As you know, we took decisive action on pricing when we launched the One New GNC, eliminating the two-tier pricing structure and ending our addiction to excessive promotions in BOGOs and reducing prices on items tied to price perception while protecting margins on more flexible categories and SKUs.
Customers reacted positively and quickly and the sales trends we're experiencing suggest that they are continuing to respond. Our revamped loyalty program continues to perform well and are giving us access to new customers, improving frequency and creating a foundation for powerful integrated marketing and customer connections.
myGNC Rewards now has approximately 7.8 million members and halfway through the year, we are at 80% of our 2017 enrollment goal. myGNC is consistent with our one price strategy and because members earn price for every – earned points for every dollar they spend and get cashback rewards, the program encourage spending and drives return trips to redeem those rewards. After six months, we continue to believe myGNC members are on track to visit six times a year compared with Gold Card members who visited just four times in and entire year.

PRO Access, our premium loyalty offering, has enrolled nearly 325,000 members since its launch in March. Our core and most profitable customer, the health enthusiast, is responding well to the program, which includes offerings tailored to their individual interest, purchase habits and needs.
In the second quarter, PRO Access members visited twice as often, purchased two times as many products and spent significantly more. Enrollment in the PRO Access program is trending a bit below our expectations, and we are now implementing a bonus point offering that gives PRO Access members instant gratification. So far, we're seeing improvement from this incentive with limited margin impact.
PRO Access and myGNC also are growing the ranks of contactable customers. Today, we have three times as many customer email addresses than we had six months ago. We're gathering data that can help us truly understand our customers and developing the platforms and expertise to tailor our communication, regimen recommendations and offers to their specific interests and needs.
Our dotcom business is improving driven by our work to fix the assortment and get pricing right, and we're pleased with the performance of the GNC Store on Amazon, which features our best products and is consistently priced with gnc.com and our retail locations.
Because more than 50% of online products searches happen on Amazon, and of those, 37% buy that product in the store, we believe Amazon is not a death knell for brick-and-mortars, but a great advertising platform that puts us right in the path of countless new customers.
Through Amazon and our digital marketing initiatives, we're working to increase the likelihood that when the consumer surfs social media or search the web for wellness solutions, they find GNC. Pricing, loyalty and fixing the dotcom business requires significant investments. Those investments are starting to deliver returns, but we have work to do on the margin front.
Private label is an important opportunity for our business. Our own brands are aligned with customer needs exclusive to GNC, carry higher margins and allow us to use our manufacturing capacity. We're working now to expand our most successful brands, including Beyond Raw, VitaPak, AMP and Total Lean. And while we still have work to do, we've increased private label penetration 3 percentage points since March.
In addition, we just signed a deal to be the exclusive U.S. provider of all Performix supplement products. Performix is one of the industry's leading innovators and GNC's largest national brand, and this exclusive agreement lets us use Performix proprietary technology in our future innovations. As part of our partnership, Performix will work directly with our field operations to implement programs like demos, training and inventory management.
Product innovation matters to the consumer. But in the wellness category, they want and they need trusted advice. Our ability to provide it can help, can support average ticket growth, improve margins, and ultimately create customer loyalty.
While basket size has been inching up, we like to see a faster pace of growth. We are not satisfied with where we are and we're testing vehicles that can move the needle faster. And so far, we are experiencing promising results. We just completed train the trainer sessions on customer engagement, solution selling and how to move customers from a single product to buying regimens. This training will hit the stores by the end of July.
We continue to roll out new regimens, add-ons and grab-and-goes and have focused the stores on the simple idea of adding one more item to the customer basket, which would yield meaningful revenue and margin growth.
We designed and invested in the One New GNC to bring customers back to our model, return this business to positive comps, and ultimately to deliver profitable growth and regain our position as a market leader. In the second quarter of 2017, we made good progress towards those goals.

Before handing over to Tricia, I want to let you know that the search for a permanent CEO is ongoing. In the meantime, I've signed up for another six months in the interim role. As we look to the back half of the year, we believe we'll continue to build on the momentum we created in the first two quarters. We'll accelerate the initiatives that are delivering growth and generating loyalty and focus intently on margin improvement.
With that, I'll have Tricia walk you through our second quarter numbers.
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we saw continued strength in transactions throughout the second quarter. So far, we are pleased with the investment we've made in price and loyalty and focused on delivering growth. Excluding long-lived asset impairment charges, our second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.41 compared to $0.79 in the prior year period, which excludes gains on refranchising.
Consolidated revenue was down 4.8% to $641 million in the second quarter. In our U.S. and Canada segment, revenue was down 4.8%, largely driven by a $15.1 million decrease due to the discontinuation of the Gold Card program.
Our International segment delivered 1.3% revenue growth. Manufacturing/Wholesale revenue, excluding Intersegment sales, decreased 8.9%. Second quarter same store sales, including gnc.com, decreased 0.9% in domestic company-owned stores, which is a 300 basis point improvement from the first quarter. Even though we are not pleased with negative comps, we are heading in the right direction and this is the best comp we have achieved in six quarters.
The second quarter experienced the biggest declines in protein, vitamins, weight management and food and drink categories. Those declines were partially offset by strong performance from performance supplements, health and beauty and the herbs and greens categories. gnc.com comp decreased 6.3% in the second quarter, which is incrementally better than Q1. We expect gnc.com to achieve positive comp in the back half of the year as we lap price and bulk buying changes made in the prior year.
In domestic franchise locations, revenue increased nearly $1 million during the quarter due to the impact of a higher average store base partially offset by a 1.1% decline in retail same store sales. Our international business grew during the second quarter with the 1.3% increase in revenue and a 14.3% increase in operating income, driven by growth in our China e-commerce business. We do see a long-term opportunity in further penetrating the China market and are currently contemplating path to accelerating our growth in that region.
Manufacturing and Wholesale revenues, excluding Intersegment sales, declined 8.9% for the quarter. Third-party contract manufacturing was down 3% in the second quarter. Due to timing of shipments and rationalization of SKUs, sales to wholesale partners decreased 16.6% and Intersegment sales declined 1%, primarily due to lower GNC branded products sales in the U.S. and Canada. Despite this decline in revenue, operating income is up 80 basis points as a percent of sales versus last year.
Second quarter gross profit as a percent of sales was 33.2% compared with 35.5% in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of pricing and loyalty associated with the One New GNC, which reduced the retail margin rate.
Loyalty costs include the impact of the discontinuation of a Gold Card Member Pricing program in the U.S., partially offset by higher vendor funding. Additionally, there was a 100 basis point positive impact to gross profit rate due to one-time vendor funding. We continue to expect gross profit to range from 31% to 33% for the remainder of this year.
SG&A in the second quarter was 24% of sales. This is above last year due to incremental investments in online marketing and the reduction to an incentive accrual in 2016. We expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be in line with quarters one and two during the back half of the year.

In the second quarter, we generated $27 million in net cash from operating activities, invested $6 million in capital expenditures, and generated $21 million in free cash flow. We're still planning fewer new store openings and less spending on IT in 2017, and expect CapEx to be in line with last quarter's estimate of $35 million to $40 million. We continue to expect free cash flow to be in excess of $250 million for the year. A third of this free cash flow is driven by operating results, while the rest of the products and working capital changes primarily related to inventory and accounts payable.
As we discussed last quarter, we plan to use cash that previously would have been allocated to our dividends or in prior quarters to share repurchases, to lower our debt levels, focusing first on paying down our revolver. In particular, we expect to have the revolver paid down by the end of 2017.
We are moving toward a long-term adjusted leverage ratio of approximately 3 times, with rent capitalized at 5 times and we'll take a disciplined approach to inventory management and capital expenditures. Working capital initiatives should drive incremental near-term debt reduction opportunity.
We continue to reevaluate our real estate portfolio and make changes we feel are in the best interest of the company and our shareholders. We expect corporate store closings for the year to range from 200 to 250, driven by our purposeful strategy of opportunistically closing stores, which will be accretive to cash flow.
While we feel good about the progress we've made in the last two quarters, we'd like to gather more data and understand the trends, but for now, we're holding off on giving detailed guidance. We can tell you that we continue to expect comps to turn positive in the back half, along with quarter-on-quarter margin dollar benefit.
With that, let's open the call for your questions. Operator, could you please open the call for questions?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
We'll take our first question from Peter Benedict with Robert Baird.
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Hi, guys. A couple questions. Just around the strategies to build basket, Bob, I think you mentioned some stuff, train the trainer. Can you give us a sense of how – maybe what you're doing there and anything else that's different from how the store personnel were kind of trained in the past?
Robert F. Moran - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Peter, you really have to think about how we were managing the customer experience before. We were selling the Gold Card mainly and that's where our conversations were centered around. To really shift the culture to being trusted advisers, it takes some time. It's a cultural change. In the pilot, we saw that it took about six months or so to really go deep with that. And obviously, we're putting tools all around that from marketing to regimen selling, to solution selling, to adding one item in the basket, plus we'll also give it system support by the end of the year. We have a management learning system that will be coming in in the back half of the year that will be directly on the tablets to help the associates understand how they can help the customer add one more item to the basket.
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Okay. That's helpful. And Tricia, I know you're not going for guidance officially, but you did mention some bands for gross margin the back half of the year of 31%, 33%. I think in the past, you've spoken SG&A around 23%, 24% of sales. As we think about just those as kind of benchmarks, I mean, are those fair for where you see this business kind of settling in longer term, or what else do you need to see from the business in order to kind of embrace maybe that as a longer-term structural margin profile for the business? Thanks.

Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Sure, Peter. So in first and second quarter, we were between 24% and 25% of SG&A as a percent of sales. And we believe that that's the level that we should experience at least in 2017. The increase in that spend is largely due to investments in online marketing that we've talked about in the past. And we're seeing positive results and we'll continue and invest in that as long as we do. But if something changes than what we're experiencing, we might adjust, but certainly in the near term, a 24% to 25% range is appropriate.
Peter S. Benedict - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Thank you.
Operator
We'll take our next question from Shane Higgins with Deutsche Bank.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. On the last quarter call, you gave some really good detail on the comps by pilot, the September pilot stores and the October pilot stores both on comps and transaction growth. Could you just give us some color on how those are trending or how they trended in the second quarter?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Yes. So our pilot stores continue to outperform the rest of the chain by several percentage points. And there, as we mentioned on the call, there were positive comps in the second quarter. So the trends are continuing sequentially month-to-month, and the pilot locations are still performing strong and are giving us the confidence that comps in the back half of the year should be positive as they are trending in the low single-digit positive comp area.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay, great. Thanks. And then just on your free cash flow outlook, just looked at, your inventory was down slightly, about in line with your sales. Could you just help us understand kind of, I mean, your guidance implies about $200 million of free cash flow in the back half. Can you just help us understand where the inventory opportunity is? Is it on the retail side? Is it in the manufacturing side, just so we can get some comfort around that because it seems pretty aggressive?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Yeah. Thanks, Shane. Sure. The majority of the reduction is certainly on the retail side, and there are a number of initiatives that are taking place. The most significant was what I would call segmentation. And so as you might recall, we put a lot of inventory in the stores back in 2015 and 2016 and it tends to drive additional sales, but what we're finding was we weren't refined enough in our inventory allocation strategy to provide the proper return.
So segmentation meaning look at stores from both the volume and demographic perspective to have the right inventory there. And then remove that inventory and reallocate it to stores where it will be productive. So segmentation would be the biggest component and those processes are underway right now. As you noted, we were able to reduce inventories in the second quarter. And based on our plan, we feel confident in our ability to continue to see reductions without a negative impact to the customer experience.
In addition to that, we believe there our core efficiencies that can be generated through replenishment activities and reducing weeks of supply in both our distribution centers and our stores, and that should also help to the inventory reduction efforts between now and the end of December.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay. And I mean in the context of the gross margin guidance that you gave. I mean, that doesn't seem to imply that you're going to take any significant markdowns. So, this will be more or less selling kind of in line with the margin that you've been generating.

Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
And that is our expectation, yes.
Shane Higgins - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay, thanks. I will get back in the queue.
Operator
We'll take our next question from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. And I'm sorry. We're taking our next question from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So I wanted to – a couple questions on the top-line. So, you're talking about trends improving throughout the quarter. You did have slightly negative comps. So, have we already inflected to the positive in the month of July?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
No, we haven't shared exactly where the comp is in the month of July, but we do feel confident in our ability to achieve positive comp in the back half of the year.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Okay. I mean, you sort of exited – entered at minus 4 and ended at minus 1, so certainly we've seen that way. In the pilot stores, you talked about some challenges driving baskets, where you thought it would be at this point. So, is it positive comp in pilot stores, is it basket size that's driven that, is it sort of the traffic acceleration, is it units in the basket, what's driving underneath that?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
So in the pilot locations, we are seeing transactions outpace what we're seeing in the rest of the chain, largely because the stores and sales and our customers have the opportunity to be on the program for a longer period of time. So, return customer visits are increasing, which is also what we're seeing in our rest of chain locations. But at the same time, there are also improvements in basket, so there is less of a delta between prior year and current year from a basket size perspective in the pilot locations.
And I'll go back to what Bob was talking about earlier, the pilot locations when we launched the program, they were able to focus on basket because they already understood how the program worked. And so we believe that the training that we've rolled out after our Global Conference at the end of June, which was very similar to the training of the pilot stores we see, should be very helpful in helping our associates improve that basket size as we move through the rest of the year.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Understood. And then, you've – two quick follow-ups. Number one, you ran all-store BOGO, I think it was this week, so is that a change? I know you're trying to step away from that. And then on the vendor funding, the 100 basis point one-time benefit to gross margin, is that simply a timing shift, you thought it would be spread throughout the year or is it truly one-time in nature or you would have to give that back in 2Q 2018?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Sure. So the first part of your question was around all-store BOGOs. We have not held any all-store BOGOs at GNC this year nor do we intend to do so. We do have a BOGO offering in our stores right now in a limited numbers, we used a couple of hundreds, if I recall correctly. And we do feel there is a time and place for BOGOs, just certainly not at the level that we experienced in prior years. So our level of items on BOGO are down 50% or more, and we don't anticipate having any additional all-store BOGOs.
Your second question was around vendor funding. And yes, we did have about a 100 basis point impact – positive impact to margin in the quarter related to vendor funding that was largely one-time in nature, and it's not anticipated that that would repeat itself in the back half the year.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
So that we have to take that out of 2Q 2018 then?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.

Yes. It would be our expectation that we will continue to work with our vendors to partner on funding the journey, but the funding that we received in the second quarter was certainly one-time in nature.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator
And we'll take our next question from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.
Joshua M. Siber - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Good morning. It's Joshua Siber on for Simeon. Can you hear me okay?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
I can.
Joshua M. Siber - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Okay, good. Two balance sheet questions. Can you clarify that you expect the revolver to be paid down by 2017?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
We do expect that the revolver will be paid down in total by December of 2017.
Joshua M. Siber - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Okay. Can you talk about the options you're looking at with respect to the senior credit facility due in 18 months?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
We're certainly exploring a number of options, but don't want to get into all the details at this time, but could be a number alternatives through term loan B or other high-yield funds, but we're evaluating what would be the best approach for the company as we move forward.
Joshua M. Siber - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Okay. And the 200 to 250 store closures, can you break that down by international versus company owned in the U.S. and what the plans are for refranchising stores?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
So the 200 to 250 relates to corporate-owned locations in North America. So, those do not include any international locations. And your second question was around the – I don't recall topic.
Joshua M. Siber - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Refranchising, what your efforts are there?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Okay. So our refranchising initiative is certainly something that's underway. We did not have any significant refranchising efforts in the current quarter. Our main focus with refranchising is ensuring that's going to drive shareholder value, and our main focus for the business is change in the trajectory and implementing One New GNC and being successful as we move forward.
Joshua M. Siber - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
So is the 200 to 250, is that – as you look out over the next few years, are you meaningfully reducing your footprint, because that would imply you're up – already you're down 7 for the first half, which imply a pretty big store closure program in the second half. So, what does that look like over the next year or two?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
We are actually down more than 7 in the first half of the year. We closed 75 stores in the first half of the year. So, we're close to halfway along that trajectory, but we don't – we're not suggesting it's going to be a meaningful change in store footprint. We are just being very opportunistic in evaluating our leases as they come up for renewals and evaluating our ability to transfer sales to neighboring stores.
Joshua M. Siber - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Okay. So, that's just 200 store closures, it's not net store closures?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
No, it's 200 store closures for us for the year, not for the back half.
Joshua M. Siber - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Got it. Thank you.
Operator
We'll take our next question from Sean Kras with Barclays.
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Hey, good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. The gnc.com comp contribution to comps was about the same as the prior quarter. I thought this might actually ramp up a bit given the Amazon storefront. So, I'm wondering is the flat comp contribution because you reduced your investment in online marketing in the quarter or just you just had a really strong start in the first quarter?

Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
So there wasn't a significant change in our investment in online marketing. What I would attribute the consistency between first and second quarter is largely lapping the changes in our strategy. So you might recall in the back half of last year, we aligned our pricing between gnc.com and the brick-and-mortar locations and that really eliminated a lot of the bulk sales that we had and as well as some other activities that weren't generating the right behaviors for the business from the long term. We also did change our platform in the second quarter. So complete system change and redesign and that had a bit of a negative impact on our comps, but we anticipate that to rebound in third and fourth quarter as we move forward.
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Okay. And then, can you speak to your CRM efforts sort of where you are today and where you'd like to be, let's say, a year from now? It seems like a pretty big opportunity now that you have, I think Bob said 7.8 million customers signed up for the new program.
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
You are right, we do have 7.8 million customers, and I would say we're in the early stages from a CRM perspective. While we're leveraging the database through faster engagement with a series of automated messages to engage our shoppers in the program real-time, we're also using the new members to drive traffic and sales with more regular information about price points and promotions. And we're reaching more customers with wellness education and new product introductions with more targeted communication based on their buying habits. But I would certainly say that we're in the early stages of development from a CRM perspective and we'll continue to leverage that significant number of members in a positive way going forward.
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Okay. And then maybe just one more for me. You mentioned strength in the herbs and greens category, which is, I can't recall hearing anything on that in the recent past at least. Can you maybe give some more detail on what's driving that strength? Thanks.
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
So in herbs and greens, we've changed the promotional cadence a bit and that has had a positive impact on the customers. And we're also through educating our consumers on the benefits of herbs and greens seeing some positive transactions and there are also some current trends around different items in the herbs and green category that are driving results there.
Sean Stephen Kras - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Thank you.
Operator
We'll take our next question from Stephen Tanal with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to follow up on some of the payables. It looked a lot lower this quarter certainly than we modeled. First part of that question is, does that relate in any way to the higher vendor funding called out? And then secondly, just as you think about the free cash flow guidance, I think you called out payables specifically. Is the plan for that to kind of spike up in the back half or get bigger?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
So your question about vendor funding and does that impact payables, there is some impact on payables related to vendor funding as we issue credit back to the vendors. And yes, in the back half, we anticipate payables to increase. Certainly as we rightsize our inventory, there have been impacts to receipts and which has an impact on payables, but we anticipate that that will change as we move into the back half of the year.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Got it. And one question is here on the store counts. It looked like 33 franchise stores were converted to company-owned. Could you give a little bit of clarity around that or some color there? Is that a new part of the strategy or is that more of a one-off opportunistic? How did that play out?

Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
I would say it's more a one-off opportunistic. In certain cases, there were financial impacts where we decided to take the locations back, but we're also being more focused on compliance and having the right franchisees operate our locations. And where we're not in compliance, we'll take the appropriate action and make sure we get that in the right place for the company and for the customer.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Understood. That's helpful. And just lastly, if you could help us just sort of think about occupancy and fixed cost deleverage. Is that getting better? And are you maybe having some success negotiating rents with landlords as you take a harder look at real estate or was that pretty consistent. How would you frame that?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
So we are seeing positive experience in discussions with our landlords. The real estate team is doing a good job there. And I would say, it will take a little bit of time to see the leverage in occupancy likely into 2018 as we're investing this year in changes to the program. It's just going to take a little bit of time. Once we get to a positive comp, around 2% to 3%, we see some leverage and we would anticipate that being more impactful in future years than in 2017.
Stephen Tanal - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
We'll take our next question from Bob Summers with Macquarie Capital.
Bob Summers - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Hey, good morning. So I guess just a little bit off of that. As you look to continue to rationalize the unit base, could you just give us a feel for what the lease expiration cycle looks like over the next 12 to 36 months in terms of number?
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Our average lease term is less than 2.5 years. So there is 800, 900 stores each year that come up for renewal and some are closely monitoring those. I wouldn't say there is a significant rationalization in the unit base, which has been opportunistic and making sure that we drive value and again make the right decision for the customer.
Bob Summers - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Okay. And then, the franchisees also had a strong improvement in same store sales or less negative. Could you just give us a feel for where they are from a sentiment perspective, and maybe how they're thinking about the relationship that you have with Amazon right now?
Robert F. Moran - GNC Holdings, Inc.
Actually, it's a very positive participation in the One New GNC. And actually, they participated in the Amazon Storefront as getting a piece of the action. So they have been enjoying comp transaction increases and they have been experiencing the same type of benefits of our corporate stores. So the relationship is good, it's improving. We are listening better as we work together. And I think we have a lot more positive news in the future about that.
Tricia K. Tolivar - GNC Holdings, Inc.
And then regarding Amazon. So franchisees should – franchisees actually participate in the revenue sharing arrangement and that includes sales on Amazon. So, there hasn't been a significant amount of negative pushback there. And keep in mind that the majority of the sales on Amazon are with new customers, which is great for the business because they tend to start online and then transfer to the stores.
Bob Summers - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Great. Thank you.
Operator
And this concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the conference back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Robert F. Moran - GNC Holdings, Inc.
I just want to thank you for your participation today and we really are looking forward to talking with you in three months about our Q3 results. So. thank you.

Operator
And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Services, Drug Stores, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All GNC TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector








Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




7:09 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:08aCoca-Cola Zero Sugar sparks analyst optimism, but other factors could stifle growth
7:06aIntel stock price target raised to $39 from $38 at SunTrust RH
7:06aMasterCard stock price target raised to $145 from $135 at SunTrust RH
7:05aCharter Communications stock price target raised to $400 from $380 at SunTrust RH
7:04aWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction 
7:00aA Bright Picture for Netflix
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction
7:00aEuropean stocks drop to 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
6:59aMerck profit and sales rise, beat expectations amid big jump in Keytruda sales
6:59aA.O. Smith’s bet on China’s air-pollution problem is paying off
6:58aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
6:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
6:58aHigh Times is going public through a deal with a blank-check company — and here’s what that means
6:57aIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
6:56aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
6:51aMerck Q2 Januvia/Janumet revenue $1.51 bln vs. $1.63 bln; FactSet consensus $1.62 bln
6:50aMerck Q2 Keytruda sales $881 mln vs. $314 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $787.5 mln
6:49aMerck raises 2017 revenue outlook to $39.4 bln-$40.4 bln from $39.1 bln-$40.3 bln
6:48aMerck affirms 2017 adj. EPS outlook of $3.76-$3.88
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































 



Q2 Holdings, Inc. Acquires Centrix Solutions, Inc. | Business Wire


























































Q2 Holdings, Inc. Acquires Centrix Solutions, Inc.






Union accelerates development of risk management, treasury and 
      compliance offerings for community financial institutions










Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










From left to right: Q2 Holdings, Inc. President and CEO Matt Flake; Centrix Solutions, Inc. Vice President Jeff Asselin; Centrix Solutions, Inc. President Tim Schnell; Q2 Holdings, Inc. Founder and Chairman Hank Seale (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







From left to right: Q2 Holdings, Inc. President and CEO Matt Flake; Centrix Solutions, Inc. Vice President Jeff Asselin; Centrix Solutions, Inc. President Tim Schnell; Q2 Holdings, Inc. Founder and Chairman Hank Seale (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail












http://www.centrixsolutions.com





Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Small








Preview








Thumbnail














July 31, 2015 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: QTWO), a provider of secure, cloud-based 
      virtual banking solutions, today announced the acquisition of Lincoln, 
      Nebraska-based Centrix Solutions, Inc., a privately-held company that 
      provides financial institutions with products that detect fraud, manage 
      risk and simplify compliance. The acquisition furthers Q2’s commitment 
      to accelerating the development and adoption of innovative secure 
      banking platform solutions for community financial institutions across 
      the country.
    


      Effective today, Centrix Solutions, Inc. will now be branded as Centrix 
      Solutions, a Q2 company. Centrix’s co-founder and president Tim Schnell 
      will continue to run the business and report directly to Q2’s CEO Matt 
      Flake.
    

      “Centrix Solutions is known for first-class offerings and highly 
      impressive customer service. We plan to further that reputation by 
      investing in and growing Centrix. Their vision, culture and commitment 
      to community financial institutions matches the vision and standards we 
      have at Q2,” said Matt Flake, president and CEO of Q2. “Our companies 
      have been working together since 2007. Now we have the ability to 
      advance our product offerings together and ensure that our community 
      financial institutions are always getting the very best when it comes to 
      managing risk and mitigating fraud.”
    

      The acquisition of Centrix provides Q2 with the ability to deliver 
      additional expertise and solutions that strengthen Q2’s security, 
      compliance and risk management capabilities and offerings. Centrix and 
      Q2 have partnered together for years with many mutual clients, making 
      today’s acquisition a natural extension of that relationship. Centrix’s 
      product offerings are complementary to the Q2 platform and vice versa, 
      which will continue to allow for smart cross-marketing to credit union 
      and community banks alike. Centrix has a loyal following with several of 
      the leading digital banking and core processing vendors in Q2’s market 
      and is serving over 316 credit union and community bank clients across 
      the country.
    

      “It’s an exciting day for us here at Centrix. When it comes to virtual 
      banking, no brand is more respected than Q2 among community financial 
      institutions. Being a part of Q2 bolsters not only our resources but our 
      infrastructure, empowering us to advance our business while continuing 
      to serve our clients at the rate and with the quality we are known for,” 
      said Tim Schnell, co-founder and president of Centrix. “It’s a smart 
      union in that we are able to tap into the robust infrastructure Q2 has 
      established, allowing us to focus on our mission of delivering 
      innovative products and services to the vast number of community 
      financial institutions both companies are committed to serving.”
    

      Q2 plans to support Centrix in conducting business in the manner that 
      has made them a trusted brand while providing them with the 
      infrastructure and technology support to advance product offerings 
      across the three areas in which Centrix is so respected, including 
      treasury management, compliance and risk management and bank operations 
      solutions.
    

Acquisition Terms:


      Q2 acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Centrix in exchange 
      for $20 million cash payable at closing, subject to a customary working 
      capital adjustment. The former shareholders of Centrix also have the 
      right to receive in the aggregate up to an additional $9 million based 
      upon the achievement of certain milestones and the continued employment 
      of certain shareholders.
    

      The transaction will be discussed in more detail on the second quarter 
      2015 results conference call scheduled for August 6th.
    

About Centrix Solutions, Inc.:


      Centrix Solutions, located in Lincoln, Nebraska, provides financial 
      institutions with products and services to help detect fraud, manage 
      risk and optimize efficiency. With a product line that encompasses 
      treasury management, compliance and risk management and bank operations, 
      Centrix provides clients with a broad array of strategic technology 
      solutions. More information can be found at www.centrixsolutions.com.
    

About Q2 Holdings, Inc.:


      Q2 is a leading provider of secure, cloud-based virtual banking 
      solutions headquartered in Austin, Texas. Q2 enables regional and 
      community financial institutions, or RCFIs, to deliver a robust suite of 
      integrated virtual banking services and engage more effectively with 
      their retail and commercial account holders who expect to bank anytime, 
      anywhere and on any device. Q2 solutions are often the most frequent 
      point of interaction between its RCFI customers and their account 
      holders. As such, Q2 purpose-built its solutions to deliver a 
      compelling, consistent user experience across digital channels and drive 
      the success of its customers by extending their local brands, enabling 
      improved account holder retention and creating incremental sales 
      opportunities.
    

Forward-looking Statements:


      This press release contains forward-looking statements, including 
      statements about the ability of Centrix’s products to integrate with 
      Q2’s solutions to successfully provide treasury management, compliance 
      and risk management and bank operating solutions; the ability of Q2 to 
      advance its product offerings together with Centrix; and the ability to 
      cross-market Q2 and Centrix’s products. The forward-looking statements 
      contained in this press release are based upon Q2’s current plans, 
      estimates and expectations and are not a representation that such plans, 
      estimates or expectations will be achieved. Forward-looking statements 
      are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual 
      performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or 
      suggested by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or 
      contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the 
      following: (a) risks related to our ability to successfully integrate 
      Centrix and its technology and personnel; (b) risks related to the 
      execution of our plans, strategies and forecasts, including with respect 
      to our security, compliance, and risk management capabilities and 
      offerings; (c) risks related to the demand for these offerings; (d) 
      risks related to our expectations with respect to the business of 
      Centrix after completion of the transaction and our ability to realize 
      additional opportunities for growth and innovation; and (e) other risks 
      and potential factors that could affect our business and financial 
      results identified in Q2’s filings with the Securities and Exchange 
      Commission. These filings are available on the SEC Filings section of 
      the Investor Relations section of Q2’s website at http://investors.q2ebanking.com/. 
      These forward-looking statements represent Q2’s expectations as of the 
      date of this press release. Subsequent events may cause these 
      expectations to change, and Q2 disclaims any obligations to update or 
      alter these forward-looking statements in the future, whether as a 
      result of new information, future events or otherwise.
    




Contacts

      Media Contact:Red Fan CommunicationsKathleen Lucente, 
      512-551-9253Cell: 512-217-6352kathleen@redfancommunications.comorInvestor 
      Contact:Q2 Holdings, Inc.Bob Gujavarty, 512-439-3447bobby.gujavarty@q2ebanking.com
















Release Summary
Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: QTWO) today announced the acquisition of Lincoln, Nebraska-based Centrix Solutions, Inc.







Contacts

      Media Contact:Red Fan CommunicationsKathleen Lucente, 
      512-551-9253Cell: 512-217-6352kathleen@redfancommunications.comorInvestor 
      Contact:Q2 Holdings, Inc.Bob Gujavarty, 512-439-3447bobby.gujavarty@q2ebanking.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Q2 Earnings Send PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Stock to Fresh Heights | InvestorPlace








































































 


























































Menu 






 Stocks to Buy
Stocks to Sell
Dividend Stocks
Penny Stocks
Hot Stocks
Stock Market Today
 






DOW-



NASDAQ-



S&P
					500-

















Amazon (AMZN) shares retreat after wide Q2 earnings miss >>> READ MORE

Breaking news sponsored by




























Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks >  









	Q2 Earnings Send PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Stock to Fresh Heights
The digital payment middleman remains the name all others are trying to beat

By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Jul 26, 2017, 4:59 pm EDT


Get AAPL alerts:
Submit





 

Source: Shutterstock




 
  View All  















 


Popular Posts:
If You Own Facebook Inc (FB) Stock, Just Put This on Your Radar5 Stocks to Sell for August2017’s Pivotal Moment for Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock: The Model 3 Launch
Recent Posts:

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Shows a Hint of Weakness With Q2 Miss
Why AstraZeneca plc (ADR) (AZN), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks
Whoops! Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Tanks as User Growth Vanishes


						View All Posts
					








Up more than 40% for the year headed into Wednesday afternoon’s earnings report, there’s no denying investors are, or at least were, bullish on Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PYPL). Although competition in the payments space continues to heat up, a string of new deals has maintained PYPL stock as the go-to investment in this space.
Source: Shutterstock

On the flipside, up near 50% since the end of December, it’s also tough not to see PYPL stock as vulnerable to a wave of profit-taking.
In fact, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, recently downgraded PayPal for no other reason that its rich valuation (trading at a trailing price-earnings ratio of 50, and a forward-looking P/E of 27.5).
As it turns out, the bulls were right to be optimistic. Wednesday’s post-close report indicated 18% revenue growth and 27% earnings growth. But most importantly, PYPL stock continued to tack on gains in after-hours action.
PayPal Earnings Recap
For the quarter ending in June, PayPal earned an operating profit of 46 cents per share, driving sales of $3.14 billion. Analysts had collectively modeled a profit of 43 cents per share and revenue of $3.09 billion. The company turned a profit of 36 cents per share of PYPL stock on sales of $2.65 billion in the comparable quarter a year earlier.
Its revenue base is not just growing, either — its accelerating. PayPal added 6.5 million new accounts last quarter, upping the prior addition rate by 80%. Total transactions were up 23%, to 1.8 billion. Free cash flow grew from $495 million in the same quarter a year earlier to $747 million last quarter.
CEO Daniel Schulman commented on the report:
“Our strong results reflect PayPal’s transformation from a single product to a platform company, from a vendor to a strategic partner to both merchants and ecosystem players, and from a checkout option to an increasingly more central way for consumers to manage and move their money.”
The Stage Is Set for Growth
Not that PayPal isn’t usually in growth mode, but 2017 to-date has been an especially fruitful year in terms of setting up new partnerships. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) has added PayPal as an option within its Samsung Pay app.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) and PayPal have also reached an agreement that allows Chase cardholders to link their cards to their PayPal accounts.
Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Targets New Highs on Growthy Q2 Beat
Visa Inc (NYSE:V) and PayPal, after struggling to get along for some time now, have figured out terms both sides of the table can live with in the European market.
Its crowning achievement, however, is arguably a long-awaited relationship with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). In short, apps and music available at Apple’s app store and iTunes venue can now be purchased using PayPal.
Next Page

  1 2 View All View All  



Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/07/paypal-holdings-inc-pypl-stock-is-validated-by-earnings/.
©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC









More on InvestorPlace





Top 10 ETFs Money Can Buy





Starbucks Whipsaws on Q2 Earnings





4 Red-Hot Stocks (And 3 That Aren’t)





7 ‘Millennial’ Stocks to Buy at Any Age





3 Hot Semiconductor Stocks, 3 Time Bombs





Only a Momentum Investor Could Love TSLA





 














 



ADVERTISEMENT 
 



ADVERTISEMENT 


Editor's Picks





									The Top 10 ETFs Money Can Buy								






									4 Red-Hot Stocks (And 3 That Aren’t)								






									7 ‘Millennial’ Stocks to Buy No Matter What Age You Are								






									3 Hot Semiconductor Stocks, 3 Time Bombs								






									My 3 Favorite Vanguard ETFs								




 

					Most Popular
				



5 Stocks to Sell for AugustThe Top 10 ETFs Money Can BuyAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) vs Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) – The Best 10-Year Bet7 All-Weather Stocks to Buy for the Next 30 Years7 High-Yield ETFs for Aggressive Income Investors10 ‘Cheap’ Stocks to Buy That Are Actually Cheap 



Poll of the Day




View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll


Partners 


























 



ADVERTISEMENT 
 












































Richard Band
John Jagerson
Hilary Kramer
Jon Markman
Louis Navellier
Bryan Perry
Ken Trester
Dan Wiener
Richard Young


Blue Chip Growth
Cash Machine
GameChangers
Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors
Intelligence Report
Maximum Options
Profitable Investing
SlingShot Trader
Trader’s Advantage


Active Trading
Income Investing
Growth Investing
Mutual Funds & ETFs
Value Hunters
Options Trading













Q2 Earnings Send PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Stock to Fresh Heights | InvestorPlace








































































 


























































Menu 






 Stocks to Buy
Stocks to Sell
Dividend Stocks
Penny Stocks
Hot Stocks
Stock Market Today
 






DOW-



NASDAQ-



S&P
					500-

















Amazon (AMZN) shares retreat after wide Q2 earnings miss >>> READ MORE

Breaking news sponsored by




























Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks >  









	Q2 Earnings Send PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Stock to Fresh Heights
The digital payment middleman remains the name all others are trying to beat

By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Jul 26, 2017, 4:59 pm EDT


Get AAPL alerts:
Submit





 

Source: Shutterstock




 
  View All  















 


Popular Posts:
If You Own Facebook Inc (FB) Stock, Just Put This on Your Radar5 Stocks to Sell for August2017’s Pivotal Moment for Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock: The Model 3 Launch
Recent Posts:

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Shows a Hint of Weakness With Q2 Miss
Why AstraZeneca plc (ADR) (AZN), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks
Whoops! Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Tanks as User Growth Vanishes


						View All Posts
					








Up more than 40% for the year headed into Wednesday afternoon’s earnings report, there’s no denying investors are, or at least were, bullish on Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PYPL). Although competition in the payments space continues to heat up, a string of new deals has maintained PYPL stock as the go-to investment in this space.
Source: Shutterstock

On the flipside, up near 50% since the end of December, it’s also tough not to see PYPL stock as vulnerable to a wave of profit-taking.
In fact, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, recently downgraded PayPal for no other reason that its rich valuation (trading at a trailing price-earnings ratio of 50, and a forward-looking P/E of 27.5).
As it turns out, the bulls were right to be optimistic. Wednesday’s post-close report indicated 18% revenue growth and 27% earnings growth. But most importantly, PYPL stock continued to tack on gains in after-hours action.
PayPal Earnings Recap
For the quarter ending in June, PayPal earned an operating profit of 46 cents per share, driving sales of $3.14 billion. Analysts had collectively modeled a profit of 43 cents per share and revenue of $3.09 billion. The company turned a profit of 36 cents per share of PYPL stock on sales of $2.65 billion in the comparable quarter a year earlier.
Its revenue base is not just growing, either — its accelerating. PayPal added 6.5 million new accounts last quarter, upping the prior addition rate by 80%. Total transactions were up 23%, to 1.8 billion. Free cash flow grew from $495 million in the same quarter a year earlier to $747 million last quarter.
CEO Daniel Schulman commented on the report:
“Our strong results reflect PayPal’s transformation from a single product to a platform company, from a vendor to a strategic partner to both merchants and ecosystem players, and from a checkout option to an increasingly more central way for consumers to manage and move their money.”
The Stage Is Set for Growth
Not that PayPal isn’t usually in growth mode, but 2017 to-date has been an especially fruitful year in terms of setting up new partnerships. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) has added PayPal as an option within its Samsung Pay app.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) and PayPal have also reached an agreement that allows Chase cardholders to link their cards to their PayPal accounts.
Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Targets New Highs on Growthy Q2 Beat
Visa Inc (NYSE:V) and PayPal, after struggling to get along for some time now, have figured out terms both sides of the table can live with in the European market.
Its crowning achievement, however, is arguably a long-awaited relationship with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). In short, apps and music available at Apple’s app store and iTunes venue can now be purchased using PayPal.
Next Page

  1 2 View All View All  



Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/07/paypal-holdings-inc-pypl-stock-is-validated-by-earnings/.
©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC









More on InvestorPlace





Top 10 ETFs Money Can Buy





Starbucks Whipsaws on Q2 Earnings





4 Red-Hot Stocks (And 3 That Aren’t)





7 ‘Millennial’ Stocks to Buy at Any Age





3 Hot Semiconductor Stocks, 3 Time Bombs





Only a Momentum Investor Could Love TSLA





 














 



ADVERTISEMENT 
 



ADVERTISEMENT 


Editor's Picks





									The Top 10 ETFs Money Can Buy								






									4 Red-Hot Stocks (And 3 That Aren’t)								






									7 ‘Millennial’ Stocks to Buy No Matter What Age You Are								






									3 Hot Semiconductor Stocks, 3 Time Bombs								






									My 3 Favorite Vanguard ETFs								




 

					Most Popular
				



5 Stocks to Sell for AugustThe Top 10 ETFs Money Can BuyAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) vs Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) – The Best 10-Year Bet7 All-Weather Stocks to Buy for the Next 30 Years7 High-Yield ETFs for Aggressive Income Investors10 ‘Cheap’ Stocks to Buy That Are Actually Cheap 



Poll of the Day




View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll


Partners 


























 



ADVERTISEMENT 
 












































Richard Band
John Jagerson
Hilary Kramer
Jon Markman
Louis Navellier
Bryan Perry
Ken Trester
Dan Wiener
Richard Young


Blue Chip Growth
Cash Machine
GameChangers
Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors
Intelligence Report
Maximum Options
Profitable Investing
SlingShot Trader
Trader’s Advantage


Active Trading
Income Investing
Growth Investing
Mutual Funds & ETFs
Value Hunters
Options Trading













Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




7:09 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:08aCoca-Cola Zero Sugar sparks analyst optimism, but other factors could stifle growth
7:06aIntel stock price target raised to $39 from $38 at SunTrust RH
7:06aMasterCard stock price target raised to $145 from $135 at SunTrust RH
7:05aCharter Communications stock price target raised to $400 from $380 at SunTrust RH
7:04aWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction 
7:00aA Bright Picture for Netflix
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction
7:00aEuropean stocks drop to 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
6:59aMerck profit and sales rise, beat expectations amid big jump in Keytruda sales
6:59aA.O. Smith’s bet on China’s air-pollution problem is paying off
6:58aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
6:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
6:58aHigh Times is going public through a deal with a blank-check company — and here’s what that means
6:57aIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
6:56aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
6:51aMerck Q2 Januvia/Janumet revenue $1.51 bln vs. $1.63 bln; FactSet consensus $1.62 bln
6:50aMerck Q2 Keytruda sales $881 mln vs. $314 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $787.5 mln
6:49aMerck raises 2017 revenue outlook to $39.4 bln-$40.4 bln from $39.1 bln-$40.3 bln
6:48aMerck affirms 2017 adj. EPS outlook of $3.76-$3.88
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































									Q2 Holdings, Inc. Acquires Centrix Solutions, Inc. |
									Newswire
			



































 




Q2 Holdings, Inc. Acquires Centrix Solutions, Inc.

							Union accelerates development of risk management, treasury and       compliance offerings for community financial institutions						


Press Release
-

												Jul 31, 2015						
 


			July 31, 2015			(Press Release) -
	AUSTIN, Texas--Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: QTWO), a provider of secure, cloud-based       virtual banking solutions, today announced the acquisition of Lincoln,       Nebraska-based Centrix Solutions, Inc., a privately-held company that       provides financial institutions with products that detect fraud, manage       risk and simplify compliance. The acquisition furthers Q2's commitment       to accelerating the development and adoption of innovative secure       banking platform solutions for community financial institutions across       the country.      "Centrix Solutions is known for first-class offerings and highly       impressive customer service. We plan to further that reputation by       investing in and growing Centrix. Their vision, culture and commitment       to community financial institutions matches the vision and standards we       have at Q2"        Effective today, Centrix Solutions, Inc. will now be branded as Centrix       Solutions, a Q2 company. Centrix's co-founder and president Tim Schnell       will continue to run the business and report directly to Q2's CEO Matt       Flake.             "Centrix Solutions is known for first-class offerings and highly       impressive customer service. We plan to further that reputation by       investing in and growing Centrix. Their vision, culture and commitment       to community financial institutions matches the vision and standards we       have at Q2," said Matt Flake, president and CEO of Q2. "Our companies       have been working together since 2007. Now we have the ability to       advance our product offerings together and ensure that our community       financial institutions are always getting the very best when it comes to       managing risk and mitigating fraud."             The acquisition of Centrix provides Q2 with the ability to deliver       additional expertise and solutions that strengthen Q2's security,       compliance and risk management capabilities and offerings. Centrix and       Q2 have partnered together for years with many mutual clients, making       today's acquisition a natural extension of that relationship. Centrix's       product offerings are complementary to the Q2 platform and vice versa,       which will continue to allow for smart cross-marketing to credit union       and community banks alike. Centrix has a loyal following with several of       the leading digital banking and core processing vendors in Q2's market       and is serving over 316 credit union and community bank clients across       the country.             "It's an exciting day for us here at Centrix. When it comes to virtual       banking, no brand is more respected than Q2 among community financial       institutions. Being a part of Q2 bolsters not only our resources but our       infrastructure, empowering us to advance our business while continuing       to serve our clients at the rate and with the quality we are known for,"       said Tim Schnell, co-founder and president of Centrix. "It's a smart       union in that we are able to tap into the robust infrastructure Q2 has       established, allowing us to focus on our mission of delivering       innovative products and services to the vast number of community       financial institutions both companies are committed to serving."             Q2 plans to support Centrix in conducting business in the manner that       has made them a trusted brand while providing them with the       infrastructure and technology support to advance product offerings       across the three areas in which Centrix is so respected, including       treasury management, compliance and risk management and bank operations       solutions.       Acquisition Terms:         Q2 acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Centrix in exchange       for $20 million cash payable at closing, subject to a customary working       capital adjustment. The former shareholders of Centrix also have the       right to receive in the aggregate up to an additional $9 million based       upon the achievement of certain milestones and the continued employment       of certain shareholders.             The transaction will be discussed in more detail on the second quarter       2015 results conference call scheduled for August6th.       About Centrix Solutions, Inc.:         Centrix Solutions, located in Lincoln, Nebraska, provides financial       institutions with products and services to help detect fraud, manage       risk and optimize efficiency. With a product line that encompasses       treasury management, compliance and risk management and bank operations,       Centrix provides clients with a broad array of strategic technology       solutions. More information can be found at www.centrixsolutions.com.       About Q2 Holdings, Inc.:         Q2 is a leading provider of secure, cloud-based virtual banking       solutions headquartered in Austin, Texas. Q2 enables regional and       community financial institutions, or RCFIs, to deliver a robust suite of       integrated virtual banking services and engage more effectively with       their retail and commercial account holders who expect to bank anytime,       anywhere and on any device. Q2 solutions are often the most frequent       point of interaction between its RCFI customers and their account       holders. As such, Q2 purpose-built its solutions to deliver a       compelling, consistent user experience across digital channels and drive       the success of its customers by extending their local brands, enabling       improved account holder retention and creating incremental sales       opportunities.       Forward-looking Statements:         This press release contains forward-looking statements, including       statements about the ability of Centrix's products to integrate with       Q2's solutions to successfully provide treasury management, compliance       and risk management and bank operating solutions; the ability of Q2 to       advance its product offerings together with Centrix; and the ability to       cross-market Q2 and Centrix's products. The forward-looking statements       contained in this press release are based upon Q2's current plans,       estimates and expectations and are not a representation that such plans,       estimates or expectations will be achieved. Forward-looking statements       are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual       performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or       suggested by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or       contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the       following: (a) risks related to our ability to successfully integrate       Centrix and its technology and personnel; (b) risks related to the       execution of our plans, strategies and forecasts, including with respect       to our security, compliance, and risk management capabilities and       offerings; (c) risks related to the demand for these offerings; (d)       risks related to our expectations with respect to the business of       Centrix after completion of the transaction and our ability to realize       additional opportunities for growth and innovation; and (e) other risks       and potential factors that could affect our business and financial       results identified in Q2's filings with the Securities and Exchange       Commission. These filings are available on the SEC Filings section of       the Investor Relations section of Q2's website at investors.q2ebanking.com/.       These forward-looking statements represent Q2's expectations as of the       date of this press release. Subsequent events may cause these       expectations to change, and Q2 disclaims any obligations to update or       alter these forward-looking statements in the future, whether as a       result of new information, future events or otherwise.     
Source URL: http://businesswire.com/news/home/20150731005108/en/Q2-Holdings-Acquires-Centrix-Solutions




		Share on Facebook
	


		Share on Twitter
	









Categories:
High Technology 





About Q2 Holdings, Inc.

View Website

Q2 offers virtual banking software on a single platform for regional and community financial institutions. The Q2 platform provides one solution for mobile, online, and voice; retail and commercial; with integrated analytics and multi-layered security.














									More Press Releases
								






Q2 Holdings' Hank Seale and Matt Flake Receive EY Entrepreneur Of The Year® Award for Technology in Central Texas
Award recognizes success in innovation, financial performance and       commitment to businesses and communities

Q2 Holdings, Inc.
-
Jun 14, 2016





Q2 Holdings Scores Big in Aite Group Report on U.S. Cash Management Vendors
Q2's user experience and single-platform architecture stand out among       competitors

Q2 Holdings, Inc.
-
Jun 9, 2016





Q2 Opens New Office in the Heart of Lincoln's Technology Center
Virtual banking solutions provider expands offices to accommodate       growth through acquisition

Q2 Holdings, Inc.
-
Dec 15, 2015













 









 



























 




			Newswire		



 




Get notified about new releases.
Sign up for email updates from Newswire.




Enter your email address



Notification Frequency 



Press Releases


Instant



Daily



Never



News


Instant



Daily



Never



Event


Instant



Daily



Never



Blog



Daily



Never



Facebook



Daily



Never



Twitter



Daily



Never





Subscribe


 




 





Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




7:09 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:08aCoca-Cola Zero Sugar sparks analyst optimism, but other factors could stifle growth
7:06aIntel stock price target raised to $39 from $38 at SunTrust RH
7:06aMasterCard stock price target raised to $145 from $135 at SunTrust RH
7:05aCharter Communications stock price target raised to $400 from $380 at SunTrust RH
7:04aWhy the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction 
7:00aA Bright Picture for Netflix
7:00aHow to curb your social media addiction
7:00aEuropean stocks drop to 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
6:59aMerck profit and sales rise, beat expectations amid big jump in Keytruda sales
6:59aA.O. Smith’s bet on China’s air-pollution problem is paying off
6:58aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
6:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
6:58aHigh Times is going public through a deal with a blank-check company — and here’s what that means
6:57aIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
6:56aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
6:51aMerck Q2 Januvia/Janumet revenue $1.51 bln vs. $1.63 bln; FactSet consensus $1.62 bln
6:50aMerck Q2 Keytruda sales $881 mln vs. $314 mln a year ago; FactSet consensus $787.5 mln
6:49aMerck raises 2017 revenue outlook to $39.4 bln-$40.4 bln from $39.1 bln-$40.3 bln
6:48aMerck affirms 2017 adj. EPS outlook of $3.76-$3.88
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































QTWO Stock Price - Q2 Holdings Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,710


-33


-0.15%











S&P F

2,463.75


-8.25


-0.33%











NASDAQ F

5,861.75


-47.75


-0.81%











Gold

1,264.80


-1.70


-0.13%











Silver

16.54


-0.033


-0.20%











Crude Oil

49.11


0.07


0.14%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ADP 
9.1




TSCO 
7.7




VZ 
7.7




ORLY 
7.4






CA
-10.2




JCI
-7.3




FFIV
-7.2




XL
-6.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:08a

Updated
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar sparks analyst optimism, but other factors could stifle growth



7:06a

Intel stock price target raised to $39 from $38 at SunTrust RH



7:06a

MasterCard stock price target raised to $145 from $135 at SunTrust RH



7:05a

Charter Communications stock price target raised to $400 from $380 at SunTrust RH



7:04a

Updated
Why the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast



7:00a

How to curb your social media addiction



7:00a

A Bright Picture for Netflix



7:00a

How to curb your social media addiction 



6:59a

Updated
European stocks drop to 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 



6:59a

Merck profit and sales rise, beat expectations amid big jump in Keytruda sales












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


QTWO


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



QTWO
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Q2 Holdings Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateQTWOAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 4:58 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
38.7953



-0.0047
-0.01%



After Hours Volume:
1.6K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$38.80
-0.05
-0.13%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




112.7% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    231.7K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 205.5K
            





Open: 39.05
Close: 38.80



38.2000
Day Low/High
39.7000





Day Range



25.2300
52 Week Low/High
40.5000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$39.05



Day Range
38.2000 - 39.7000



52 Week Range
25.2300 - 40.5000



Market Cap
$1.59B



Shares Outstanding
40.95M



Public Float
31.78M



Beta
1.02



Rev. per Employee
$216.98K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.85



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
1.75M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
5.51%



Average Volume
205.52K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.26%







1 Month


5.01%







3 Month


1.31%







YTD


34.49%







1 Year


31.84%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Q2 Holdings started at buy with $45 stock price target at SunTrust RH
Q2 Holdings started at buy with $45 stock price target at SunTrust RH

Jun. 27, 2017 at 8:58 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Q2 Holdings started at outperform with $35 stock price target at Northland Capital


Dec. 9, 2015 at 7:27 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Q2 shares jump 30% in IPO


Mar. 20, 2014 at 10:25 a.m. ET
by Benjamin Pimentel







No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/7/17: IFF, AYX, MCC, SEAS, GSAT
Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/7/17: IFF, AYX, MCC, SEAS, GSAT

Jul. 10, 2017 at 12:01 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Q2 Holdings' (QTWO) CEO Matthew Flake on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Q2 Holdings' (QTWO) CEO Matthew Flake on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 7, 2017 at 12:11 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: Q2 HOLDINGS, INC.
10-Q: Q2 HOLDINGS, INC.

May. 4, 2017 at 5:29 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close
Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close

May. 2, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/27/17: LJPC, HOFD, FSC


Mar. 28, 2017 at 1:34 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/22/17: PJT, STRS, PSEC, TLF


Mar. 23, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/21/17: VIVE, TRNC, FSC, SRG


Mar. 22, 2017 at 12:58 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/13/17: HLF, UIHC, CVGW, CNMD, ACIA, SRG


Mar. 14, 2017 at 11:54 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/3/17: PJT, AAT, TTD, GLQ


Mar. 5, 2017 at 5:52 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-K: Q2 HOLDINGS, INC.


Feb. 21, 2017 at 5:24 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Q2 Holdings' (QTWO) CEO Matthew Flake on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Feb. 16, 2017 at 12:28 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close


Feb. 14, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Q2 Holdings: A Growth Story Worth Paying A Premium For


Feb. 1, 2017 at 9:36 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Baidu Gets Another Upgrade, T-Mobile Downgraded, Square PT Hiked


Jan. 10, 2017 at 9:59 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





6 Internet Software & Services Stocks to Sell Now


Dec. 29, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 12/14/16: XON, NCT, MDT. PTI


Dec. 15, 2016 at 10:13 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





17 Internet Software & Services Stocks to Sell Now


Dec. 8, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 12/1/16: STKL, TRNC, PTI, MCHX


Dec. 2, 2016 at 11:09 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: Q2 HOLDINGS, INC.


Nov. 3, 2016 at 4:43 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Q2 Holdings' (QTWO) CEO Matthew Flake on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Nov. 3, 2016 at 2:27 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Q2 Streamlines Processing for Financial Institutions with New 
      Interface for Visa DPS Disputes
Q2 Streamlines Processing for Financial Institutions with New 
      Interface for Visa DPS Disputes

Jul. 20, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Second 
      Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Second 
      Quarter 2017 Financial Results

Jul. 19, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Wins NAFCU Services Innovation Award for Groundbreaking Data 
      Analytics Platform
Q2 Wins NAFCU Services Innovation Award for Groundbreaking Data 
      Analytics Platform

Jun. 14, 2017 at 2:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Announces Q2 Open, a Modern API Portfolio Powering Next-Generation 
      Financial Services
Q2 Announces Q2 Open, a Modern API Portfolio Powering Next-Generation 
      Financial Services

Jun. 13, 2017 at 12:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May. 3, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Bolsters Board of Directors with Spredfast CFO Lynn 
      Atchison


Apr. 20, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review First 
      Quarter 2017 Financial Results


Apr. 19, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Streamlines ACH Reporting with Unique Automated Reporting Module


Mar. 29, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Leverages Machine Learning to Identify Fraudulent Activity Before 
      a Transaction Ever Occurs


Mar. 16, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Platform Delivers Enhanced Accessibility for People with 
      Disabilities


Mar. 9, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Hosts Annual Client Technology Conference for Financial 
      Professionals


Feb. 27, 2017 at 11:40 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 
      Financial Results


Feb. 15, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Fourth 
      Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results


Jan. 25, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Launches Groundbreaking Data Analytics Platform for 
      Community FIs


Jan. 10, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Sallie Mae Now Offers SmartyPig to Help Families Reach Their 
      Financial Goals


Dec. 14, 2016 at 1:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Named to American Banker and BAI’s FinTech Forward 
      Rankings


Dec. 14, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Ranked One of Fastest-Growing Companies in North America 
      in Deloitte’s 2016 Technology Fast 500™


Nov. 16, 2016 at 11:32 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Named to Austin American-Statesman’s Top Workplaces for 
      2016


Nov. 14, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results


Nov. 2, 2016 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Trustmark National Bank Recognized for Superior Customer Satisfaction 
      after Conversion to Q2 Platform


Oct. 31, 2016 at 10:46 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX











Q2 Holdings Inc.


            
            Q2 Holdings, Inc. engages in the provision of cloud based virtual banking solutions. Its services offers security, advisory, web services, custom services and end user marketing solutions. The company was founded by Robert H. Seale III on March 31, 2005 and is headquartered in Austin, TX.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 13
Full Ratings 





Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For June 27, 2017


Jun. 27, 2017 at 9:28 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Mar. 2, 2016 at 9:46 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Apr. 14, 2014 at 8:32 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Bottomline Technologies Inc.
-1.06%
$1.15B


Fiserv Inc.
-0.03%
$26.97B


Jack Henry & Associates Inc.
0.00%
$8.28B


ACI Worldwide Inc.
-0.41%
$2.85B


NCR Corp.
-0.79%
$4.79B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-0.65%








SPY

-0.09%








UVXY

1.55%








AAPL

-1.89%








QQQ

-0.63%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












QTWO Stock Price - Q2 Holdings Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,710


-33


-0.15%











S&P F

2,464.00


-8.00


-0.32%











NASDAQ F

5,861.50


-48.00


-0.81%











Gold

1,264.80


-1.70


-0.13%











Silver

16.54


-0.033


-0.20%











Crude Oil

49.11


0.07


0.14%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ADP 
9.1




TSCO 
7.7




VZ 
7.7




ORLY 
7.4






CA
-10.2




JCI
-7.3




FFIV
-7.2




XL
-6.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:08a

Updated
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar sparks analyst optimism, but other factors could stifle growth



7:06a

Intel stock price target raised to $39 from $38 at SunTrust RH



7:06a

MasterCard stock price target raised to $145 from $135 at SunTrust RH



7:05a

Charter Communications stock price target raised to $400 from $380 at SunTrust RH



7:04a

Updated
Why the GDP report may show U.S. economy growing twice as fast



7:00a

How to curb your social media addiction



7:00a

A Bright Picture for Netflix



7:00a

How to curb your social media addiction 



6:59a

Updated
European stocks drop to 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 



6:59a

Merck profit and sales rise, beat expectations amid big jump in Keytruda sales












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


QTWO


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



QTWO
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Q2 Holdings Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateQTWOAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 4:58 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
38.7953



-0.0047
-0.01%



After Hours Volume:
1.6K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$38.80
-0.05
-0.13%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




112.7% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    231.7K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 205.5K
            





Open: 39.05
Close: 38.80



38.2000
Day Low/High
39.7000





Day Range



25.2300
52 Week Low/High
40.5000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$39.05



Day Range
38.2000 - 39.7000



52 Week Range
25.2300 - 40.5000



Market Cap
$1.59B



Shares Outstanding
40.95M



Public Float
31.78M



Beta
1.02



Rev. per Employee
$216.98K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.85



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
1.75M
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
5.51%



Average Volume
205.52K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.26%







1 Month


5.01%







3 Month


1.31%







YTD


34.49%







1 Year


31.84%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Q2 Holdings started at buy with $45 stock price target at SunTrust RH
Q2 Holdings started at buy with $45 stock price target at SunTrust RH

Jun. 27, 2017 at 8:58 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Q2 Holdings started at outperform with $35 stock price target at Northland Capital


Dec. 9, 2015 at 7:27 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Q2 shares jump 30% in IPO


Mar. 20, 2014 at 10:25 a.m. ET
by Benjamin Pimentel







No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/7/17: IFF, AYX, MCC, SEAS, GSAT
Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/7/17: IFF, AYX, MCC, SEAS, GSAT

Jul. 10, 2017 at 12:01 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Q2 Holdings' (QTWO) CEO Matthew Flake on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Q2 Holdings' (QTWO) CEO Matthew Flake on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 7, 2017 at 12:11 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: Q2 HOLDINGS, INC.
10-Q: Q2 HOLDINGS, INC.

May. 4, 2017 at 5:29 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close
Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close

May. 2, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/27/17: LJPC, HOFD, FSC


Mar. 28, 2017 at 1:34 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/22/17: PJT, STRS, PSEC, TLF


Mar. 23, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/21/17: VIVE, TRNC, FSC, SRG


Mar. 22, 2017 at 12:58 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/13/17: HLF, UIHC, CVGW, CNMD, ACIA, SRG


Mar. 14, 2017 at 11:54 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/3/17: PJT, AAT, TTD, GLQ


Mar. 5, 2017 at 5:52 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-K: Q2 HOLDINGS, INC.


Feb. 21, 2017 at 5:24 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Q2 Holdings' (QTWO) CEO Matthew Flake on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Feb. 16, 2017 at 12:28 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Notable earnings after Wednesday’s close


Feb. 14, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Q2 Holdings: A Growth Story Worth Paying A Premium For


Feb. 1, 2017 at 9:36 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Baidu Gets Another Upgrade, T-Mobile Downgraded, Square PT Hiked


Jan. 10, 2017 at 9:59 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





6 Internet Software & Services Stocks to Sell Now


Dec. 29, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 12/14/16: XON, NCT, MDT. PTI


Dec. 15, 2016 at 10:13 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





17 Internet Software & Services Stocks to Sell Now


Dec. 8, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 12/1/16: STKL, TRNC, PTI, MCHX


Dec. 2, 2016 at 11:09 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: Q2 HOLDINGS, INC.


Nov. 3, 2016 at 4:43 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Q2 Holdings' (QTWO) CEO Matthew Flake on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Nov. 3, 2016 at 2:27 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Q2 Streamlines Processing for Financial Institutions with New 
      Interface for Visa DPS Disputes
Q2 Streamlines Processing for Financial Institutions with New 
      Interface for Visa DPS Disputes

Jul. 20, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Second 
      Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Second 
      Quarter 2017 Financial Results

Jul. 19, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Wins NAFCU Services Innovation Award for Groundbreaking Data 
      Analytics Platform
Q2 Wins NAFCU Services Innovation Award for Groundbreaking Data 
      Analytics Platform

Jun. 14, 2017 at 2:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Announces Q2 Open, a Modern API Portfolio Powering Next-Generation 
      Financial Services
Q2 Announces Q2 Open, a Modern API Portfolio Powering Next-Generation 
      Financial Services

Jun. 13, 2017 at 12:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May. 3, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Bolsters Board of Directors with Spredfast CFO Lynn 
      Atchison


Apr. 20, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review First 
      Quarter 2017 Financial Results


Apr. 19, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Streamlines ACH Reporting with Unique Automated Reporting Module


Mar. 29, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Leverages Machine Learning to Identify Fraudulent Activity Before 
      a Transaction Ever Occurs


Mar. 16, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Platform Delivers Enhanced Accessibility for People with 
      Disabilities


Mar. 9, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Hosts Annual Client Technology Conference for Financial 
      Professionals


Feb. 27, 2017 at 11:40 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 
      Financial Results


Feb. 15, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Fourth 
      Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results


Jan. 25, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Launches Groundbreaking Data Analytics Platform for 
      Community FIs


Jan. 10, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Sallie Mae Now Offers SmartyPig to Help Families Reach Their 
      Financial Goals


Dec. 14, 2016 at 1:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Named to American Banker and BAI’s FinTech Forward 
      Rankings


Dec. 14, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Ranked One of Fastest-Growing Companies in North America 
      in Deloitte’s 2016 Technology Fast 500™


Nov. 16, 2016 at 11:32 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings Named to Austin American-Statesman’s Top Workplaces for 
      2016


Nov. 14, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results


Nov. 2, 2016 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Trustmark National Bank Recognized for Superior Customer Satisfaction 
      after Conversion to Q2 Platform


Oct. 31, 2016 at 10:46 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX











Q2 Holdings Inc.


            
            Q2 Holdings, Inc. engages in the provision of cloud based virtual banking solutions. Its services offers security, advisory, web services, custom services and end user marketing solutions. The company was founded by Robert H. Seale III on March 31, 2005 and is headquartered in Austin, TX.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 13
Full Ratings 





Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For June 27, 2017


Jun. 27, 2017 at 9:28 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Mar. 2, 2016 at 9:46 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Apr. 14, 2014 at 8:32 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Bottomline Technologies Inc.
-1.06%
$1.15B


Fiserv Inc.
-0.03%
$26.97B


Jack Henry & Associates Inc.
0.00%
$8.28B


ACI Worldwide Inc.
-0.41%
$2.85B


NCR Corp.
-0.79%
$4.79B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-0.65%








SPY

-0.09%








UVXY

1.55%








AAPL

-1.89%








QQQ

-0.63%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.


















 QTWO - Stock quote for Q2 Holdings Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Q2 Holdings Inc
NYSE: QTWO



US Markets Closed










AdChoices








38.80


▼


-0.05
-0.13%



After Hours : 
38.80
0.00
-0.01%



 July 27, 2017 4:58 PM EDT. Delayed 15 minutes; Source: NASDAQ. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
39.05


Previous Close
38.85


Volume (Avg) 
233.24k (205.63k)


Day's Range
38.20-39.70


52Wk Range
25.23-40.50


Market Cap.
1.59B


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
-


Shares Outstanding
40.95M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
-









Recent News







Q2 Streamlines Processing for Financial Institutions with New Interface for Visa DPS Disputes

                            
                            Morning Star
                        
7/20/2017






Q2 Streamlines Processing for Financial Institutions with New Interface for Visa DPS Disputes

                            
                            NASDAQ
                        
7/20/2017






Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results

                            
                            news.morningstar.com
                        
7/19/2017






Filing Details

                            
                            INSIDER MONKEY
                        
7/19/2017






Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results

                            
                            Morning Star
                        
7/19/2017






Company Overview of Q2 Holdings, Inc.

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/19/2017








Form 4 Q2 Holdings, Inc. For: Jul 10 Filed by: Seale R. H.

                            
                            StreetInsider
                        
7/12/2017





 
Analysts See $-0.17 EPS for Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO)

                            
                            presstelegraph.com
                        
7 hrs ago





 
National Retail Properties (NYSE:NNN) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC

                            
                            ibusinesslines.com
                        
14 hrs ago





 
International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) Price Target Trimmed to $132.00

                            
                            techzolix.com
                        
15 hrs ago





 
Why the decline in new mobile banking apps could be a good thing for Austin fintech companies

                            
                            The Business Journal
                        
1 day ago





 
Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO) Shares Sold by First Trust Advisors LP

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
2 days ago








Analysts See $0.72 EPS for TELUS Corporation

                            
                            overnewsmagazine.com
                        
2 days ago






Credit Agricole SA Decreases Position in TELUS Corporation (TU)

                            
                            hoyentv.com
                        
2 days ago






Q2 Holdings (NYSE:QTWO) Institutional Investor Sentiment Is 1.08

                            
                            presstelegraph.com
                        
4 days ago






Q2 Holdings (QTWO) Reaches $38.80 After 7.00% Up Move; Vertu Motors Plc (LON:VTU) Covered By 2 Bulls

                            
                            Thorold News
                        
4 days ago






In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO)?

                            
                            desotoedge.com
                        
5 days ago





 
James Offerdahl Sells 1,000 Shares of Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO) Stock

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
6 days ago























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,796.55


+85.54
+0.39%













Last updated time
7/27/2017 4:45 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,382.19




-40.56
-0.63%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,387.65




-55.36
-0.74%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,963.23




-1.68
-0.01%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 




  QTWO:New York Stock Quote - Q2 Holdings Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Q2 Holdings Inc   QTWO:US   New York        38.80USD   0.05   0.13%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   39.05    Day Range   38.20 - 39.70    Volume   233,241    Previous Close   38.85    52Wk Range   25.23 - 40.50    1 Yr Return   31.84%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   39.05    Day Range   38.20 - 39.70    Volume   233,241    Previous Close   38.85    52Wk Range   25.23 - 40.50    1 Yr Return   31.84%    YTD Return   34.49%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.72    Market Cap (b USD)   1.589    Shares Outstanding  (m)   40.950    Price/Sales (TTM)   9.66    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.82%     Industry Software & Services   % Price Change -0.40%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases    1/19/2017   Top 3 Banking Platforms Taking Off in Fintech  - Investopedia     1/10/2017   Analysts Weigh in on Electronic Payments Firms   - Investopedia    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/20/2017   Q2 Streamlines Processing for Financial Institutions with New Interface for Visa DPS Disputes     7/19/2017   Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results     6/14/2017   Q2 Wins NAFCU Services Innovation Award for Groundbreaking Data Analytics Platform     6/13/2017   Q2 Announces Q2 Open, a Modern API Portfolio Powering Next-Generation Financial Services     6/13/2017   DefenseStorm Hires Steve Soukup as Chief Revenue Officer     5/3/2017   Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results     4/20/2017   Q2 Holdings Bolsters Board of Directors with Spredfast CFO Lynn Atchison     4/19/2017   Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review First Quarter 2017 Financial Results     3/29/2017   Q2 Streamlines ACH Reporting with Unique Automated Reporting Module     3/16/2017   Q2 Leverages Machine Learning to Identify Fraudulent Activity Before a Transaction Ever Occurs    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Q2 Holdings, Inc. is a provider of secure, cloud-based virtual banking solutions. The Company enables regional and community financial institutions, and RCFIs, to deliver a suite of integrated virtual banking services.    Address  13785 Research BlvdSuite 150Austin, TX 78750United States   Phone  1-512-275-0072   Website   www.q2ebanking.com     Executives Board Members    R H Seale "Hank"  Chairman/Co-Founder    Matthew P Flake  Chief Executive Officer    Odus Wittenburg  President    Jennifer N Harris  Chief Financial Officer    Bob Michaud  Chief Security Officer     Show More         

Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Offers Strong Guidance Amid Solid Q2 Results































Accueil » 
Entreprise




Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Offers Strong Guidance Amid Solid Q2 Results




				 28 Juillet, 2017,  03:00 | Author: Marc Bacque			















 


 
 
 
Capital Investment Services of America Inc. raised its position in shares of PayPal Holdings by 0.7% in the first quarter. Renaissance Investment Group LLC raised its position in PayPal Holdings by 2.5% in the first quarter. A statistical measure of the dispersion of returns (volatility) for PYPL producing salvation in Investors mouth, it has week volatility of 1.78% and for the month booked as 2.20%. The fund bought 173,000 shares of the credit services provider's stock, valued at approximately $7,442,000. The institutional investor owned 10,924,274 shares of the credit services provider's stock after buying an additional 870,109 shares during the period. Non-GAAP earnings per diluted share are estimated in the range of $1.80-$1.84.
The company is down by -0.65% since yesterday's close of $58.79. The firm has a market cap of $70.48 billion, a P/E ratio of 50.15 and a beta of 0.95. The 50 day moving average moved up $3.70 and the 200 day average moved up $11.57. The credit services provider reported $0.46 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts' consensus estimates of $0.43 by $0.03.eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY) yearly performance is 17.96% and net profit margin is 80.90%.The company reported revenues of $3.136 billion, which came ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.096 billion and increased 18% year over year (or 20% on a currency-neutral basis).
Trump awards Medal of Valor to congressional baseball shooting police
					Griner was shot in the ankle and was on crutches at the Thursday ceremony. Capitol Police Officers, Alexandria Police Officers, pilots from the U.S.
					

All-New Rolls-Royce Phantom unveiled
					It will be available in standard or extended wheelbase versions and be priced from around $520,000 (400,000 pounds). Adding in the Phantom VIII's luxury is the title of being "the most technologically advanced Rolls-Royce ever".
					
Cognizant Technology Solutions (NASDAQ:CTSH) Sees Unusual Trading Volume in Its Shares
					Carnegie Capital Asset Management Llc decreased Southern Co (NYSE:SO) stake by 14,968 shares to 35,223 valued at $1.73M in 2016Q4. Assetmark Inc. increased its position in shares of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation by 24.2% in the first quarter.
					Following recent activity on shares of Paypal Holdings (PYPL), we can see that the stock price recently hit 58.58. This repurchase authorization permits the credit services provider to reacquire up to 9.3% of its stock through open market purchases. Shares buyback plans are often a sign that the company's board of directors believes its shares are undervalued. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of global copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/27/paypal-holdings-inc-pypl-shares-sold-by-first-heartland-consultants-inc.html.PYPL has been the topic of several analyst reports. Vetr upgraded PayPal Holdings from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating and set a $51.23 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, May 17th. BTIG Research increased their price objective on shares of PayPal Holdings from $48.00 to $53.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th.There's a lot to be optimistic about in the Technology sector as 3 analysts just weighed in on Paypal Holdings (NASDAQ: PYPL), ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) with bullish sentiments. The rating was initiated by BMO Capital Markets on Thursday, January 14 with "Outperform". One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, twenty-nine have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company now has an average rating of "Buy" and a consensus target price of $54.71. (PYPL) have 1.21 billion outstanding shares now held by all its shareholders, including share blocks held by institutional investors and restricted shares owned by the company's officers and insiders. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 37,491 shares in the company, valued at $2,025,638.73. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Gary J. Marino sold 1,351 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Monday, July 3rd. The total dollar value of all 160.87 million outstanding shares is 2.95 billion.On 12/1/2016 Gary J Marino, EVP, sold 1,729 with an average share price of $39.29 per share and the total transaction amounting to $67,932.41. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 22,701,727 shares of the company's stock traded hands. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.55% of the company's stock. PYPL is down around 38.29% from its 12-month high of $36.28 notched on Aug 03, 2016 but is -1% above its highest point the past 12 months of $59.38 a share. "Our strong results reflect PayPal's transformation from a single product to a platform company, from a vendor to a strategic partner to both merchants and ecosystem players, and from a checkout option to an increasingly more central way for consumers to manage and move their money".

 

Conseillé:









28 Juillet 2017




Just Cause 3 is one of your PS Plus games for August
				Also, for the next six weeks, PlayStation Plus members in the United States can rent select films for just 99 cents each. The latter today revealed what games PlayStation Plus members will be able to download for free starting next week.			








28 Juillet 2017




On-demand, app-based shuttle Chariot aiming to alleviate MTA woes
				Chariot noted that its service has partnered with commuter benefits programs, so NY riders can pay for rides with pre-tax dollars. An added benefit, according to a KPMG study, is that every Chariot vehicle in operation removes ten cars from the road.			








28 Juillet 2017




Pakistan : un viol en punition d'un autre viol
				Très rependues au Pakistan , les jirgas sont pourtant interdites dans le pays depuis 2004 , pour être " non constitutionnelles ". Cependant, ils persistent dans le pays, notamment dans les zones rurales où la justice officielle ne peut accéder.			










28 Juillet 2017




NFL Rookies Heartbroken As They React To Their Madden NFL 18 Ratings
				It's especially special for the rookies , who will obviously be in the series for the first time this year. What won't be hidden, however, are the all-important player ratings for the launch version of the game.			






EPS for Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Expected At $0.01
				According to the analysts, Eldorado Gold Corp (NYSE:EGO) is expected to announce $0.01/share EPS for the current quarter. The business had revenue of $111.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $124.83 million.			






Monster Hunter World Weapon Details
				Today, the game's official YouTube page uploaded several videos showcasing the 14 weapon types you will be able to find in the game.			










28 Juillet 2017




Lakers re-sign guard Ennis
				Ennis appeared in a career-best 53 games while splitting time with the Houston Rockets and L.A. last season. With Ennis agreeing terms with the purple and gold, the Lakers' roster is officially at 13 players.			








28 Juillet 2017




Colbert to produce animated show about Trump
				That's essentially the logline for a new series Showtime will launch in the fall, with Stephen Colbert executive producing. The show will have a mockumentary style in which an imaginary documentary crew films inside the White House.			








28 Juillet 2017




Renewable Energy Booming after a Decade of Progress
				Currently, 37 national cities have committed to achieving 100 percent renewable energy, including Ithaca and the Town of East Hampton.			










28 Juillet 2017




Rimi Tomy Not Quizzed, Called up for Info
				On July 11, Dileep was expelled from the primary membership of Association of Malayalam Movie Artists (AMMA) after being arrested. Rimi Tomy, a close friend of Actor Dileep and his wife Kavya Madhavan, was allegedly questioned over phone, according to reports.			








28 Juillet 2017




Police Cordon Off Area Near Hollywood Boulevard After Report of Armed Individual
				LAPD Officer Scott Gardner told LAist that "the situation is in hand " and "the suspect is contained". Police made contact with the suspect and an officer-involved shooting occurred, Montgomery said.			








28 Juillet 2017




Williams to miss start of Rugby Championship
				The All Blacks hoped a further match involving the Counties team would be taken into consideration as part of Williams' suspension.			





















Populaire





Hermes Investment Management Ltd. Holds Position in CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF)

		The Company's nitrogen fertilizer products are ammonia, granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution and ammonium nitrate (AN). Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company.  
		

Scaramucci targets Priebus, Bannon in expletive-ridden call with reporter

		Here are seven of the most threatening, inflammatory quotes from Scaramucci's interview with the New Yorker , which was published on Thursday.  
		

John Mellencamp and Meg Ryan are dating again

		It's been a few months", a source told the publication. "I think it's because I'm a child". Ryan and Mellencamp previously dated for three years before calling it quits.  
		

Royal Dutch Shell's earnings more than triple in 2Q

		Contributing to the improved numbers is the reduction of operating costs by more than 20%, or Dollars 11 billion, since 2014. Results were favorably impacted by increase in commodity prices, higher LNG volumes and decline in operating expenses.  
		

Surge in demand for Tunisia as Foreign Office relaxes travel warning

		However, these changes bring United Kingdom advice more into line with key partners - including the US, France, Italy and Germany. A Thomas Cook spokesman said: "We're pleased that the Foreign Office has taken this decision to open Tunisia back up to Brits".  
		

Metal Detectors Will Be Removed From Jerusalem Holy Site

		On that day, three Arab gunmen opened fire from the shrine at Israeli police guards, killing two before being shot dead. He added that the restrictive measures should be immediately removed and the former status quo be restored.  
		

Davis imam accused of giving anti-Semitic sermon

		Tensions eased greatly on Thursday, however, as Israeli authorities removed the metal detectors and other security restrictions. He said he has been in close contact with Jewish leaders, and called the region's Jewish and Muslim communities very close.  
		

Gobierno quiere controlar justicia y el pueblo se levanta [FOTOS — Polonia

		Tusk también confirmó que ha solicitado mantener un encuentro con el presidente polaco para abordar la "crisis política". La tercera iniciativa, el proyecto de tribunales comunes, será firmada, señaló el vocero del presidente.  
		

Whitley County man arrested after authorities find child porn in his home

		According to Transparent California, Enea's total pay and benefits with the department totaled $191,104.84 in 2016. Davidsen is charged with one count of child exploitation and once count of possession of child pornography.  
		

Check Your Powerball Tickets! $50K Unclaimed Ticket Sold In SC

		Players should check every ticket, every time, and claim lower-tier prizes at a Lottery retailer.  The winning ticket can be redeemed at the Columbia Claims Center before 4 p.m. on July 31.  
		







 


Dernier






Suchitra Krishnamoorthi SLUT Shamed For Criticizing Azaan




ME  approves of President Trump slightly more than other states




Ivan Perisic nearing Manchester United move - Tancredi Palmeri




Tencent in final stages to invest ₹2568 crore in Ola




Une association à éviter — Pamplemousse et médicaments




Browns To Initially Give Cody Kessler First Team Snaps




Natation: Ugolkova en demi-finales du 200 m 4 nages




Half of Trump voters actually think he won the popular vote




Britain, Australia push China on North Korea




Anthony Scaramucci Goes On Shocking Rant, Threatens To "Kill" White House Leakers







Tendances






ICICI Bank plunges 3% on Q1 earnings, asset quality woes




Toyota rétrogradé troisième position derrière Renault-Nissan et VW — Automobile




Renault publie un bénéfice net record mais chute en Bourse




Twitter Stock Drops Double Digits on News of No User Growth




Globalstar (GSAT) Reviewed By Analysts








 







 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Q2 eBanking | Secure Client Self-Service Portal Login




























































Speak to an Expert
 







Menu Icon





 


 Secure Client Self-Service Portal
Through the self-service Q2 Customer Portal, you can submit and manage your cases with Q2’s Customer Support and Implementations teams as well as find secure documentation.

Login

Please contact Q2 Customer Support at 512-275-0072 and select option 1 for portal login details.








Stay in-the-know with the latest digital banking news.




 We will never share your information outside our organization. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information. You may manage your email communication preferences at any time by using the “email preferences” link at the bottom of any email.





close



Speak to a Q2 representative today. 
Q2 looks forward to speaking with you about your digital banking needs, and how we can help. We just need a bit of information from you to get started.





















Search Field

Search Buttton

×









 

















Q2 Company Jobs | Careers at Q2, Work For Us













































































Speak to an Expert
 







Menu Icon






 

Careers at Q2
Named as one of Austin’s fastest growing companies and one of the best places to work, Q2 offers our employees a culture fueled by engaged, motivated and dedicated team members. 
 Browse Our Job Openings





 
Not many companies would have ever taken a chance on a guy like me trying to make a career change like I did, and for that I will be forever grateful. This was reaffirmed as I began to venture into the actual work life and the people I work with every day.
— Andy Yeager Developer


 
At one of our company-wide meetings, Adam, our CTO, recognized me for completing an end-to-end auto enrollment for a high-profile client. I couldn’t even recall having done that project in the moment —nor did I realize what a big deal it was for the company. I felt extremely valued as an employee, and felt that I truly was making an impact at Q2.
— Abeer Thomson Developer


 
The openness I have with my immediate manager, manager’s manager, and even our CFO is great. Their doors are always open to questions and new ideas. The openness and willingness to listen and engage is what I feel is very cool about Q2.
— Jonathan Heidt Financial Analyst




 
Not many companies would have ever taken a chance on a guy like me trying to make a career change like I did, and for that I will be forever grateful. This was reaffirmed as I began to venture into the actual work life and the people I work with every day.
— Andy Yeager Developer


 
At one of our company-wide meetings, Adam, our CTO, recognized me for completing an end-to-end auto enrollment for a high-profile client. I couldn’t even recall having done that project in the moment —nor did I realize what a big deal it was for the company. I felt extremely valued as an employee, and felt that I truly was making an impact at Q2.
— Abeer Thomson Developer


 
The openness I have with my immediate manager, manager’s manager, and even our CFO is great. Their doors are always open to questions and new ideas. The openness and willingness to listen and engage is what I feel is very cool about Q2.
— Jonathan Heidt Financial Analyst







Voted one of Austin’s top places to work six years in a row. See why.
 Play Video



Life at Q2
We’re dedicated to our mission: to strengthen communities by strengthening the financial institutions that serve them. We do it with our purpose-driven culture, and by helping banks and credit unions stand apart in their communities. We’re a growing team of high-performing self-starters who are passionate about creativity and exploration in every challenge.

  
  



 
Join Our Team
At Q2, we connect our culture to our work. Our people power our success, and we’re always looking to add more creative, passionate individuals to our team. If you want to work for a company that celebrates its employees, thrives on new ideas, and develops industry-leading technology, you’re in the right place.
 Browse Job Openings





Stay in-the-know with the latest digital banking news.




 We will never share your information outside our organization. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information. You may manage your email communication preferences at any time by using the “email preferences” link at the bottom of any email.





close



Speak to a Q2 representative today. 
Q2 looks forward to speaking with you about your digital banking needs, and how we can help. We just need a bit of information from you to get started.





















Search Field

Search Buttton

×









 

















Q2 eBanking News | Q2 Holdings, Inc. acquires Centrix Solutions, Inc.





























































Speak to an Expert
 







Menu Icon





 







Q2 Holdings, Inc. acquires Centrix Solutions, Inc.

July 31, 2015

AUSTIN, TX (July 31, 2015) — Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: QTWO), a provider of secure, cloud-based virtual banking solutions, today announced the acquisition of Lincoln, Nebraska-based Centrix Solutions, Inc., a privately-held company that provides financial institutions with products that detect fraud, manage risk and simplify compliance. The acquisition furthers Q2’s commitment to accelerating the development and adoption of innovative secure banking platform solutions for community financial institutions across the country.
Effective today, Centrix Solutions, Inc. will now be branded as Centrix Solutions, a Q2 company. Centrix’s co-founder and president Tim Schnell will continue to run the business and report directly to Q2’s CEO Matt Flake.
“Centrix Solutions is known for first-class offerings and highly-impressive customer service. We plan to further that reputation by investing in and growing Centrix. Their vision, culture and commitment to community financial institutions matches the vision and standards we have at Q2,” said Matt Flake, president and CEO of Q2. “Our companies have been working together since 2007. Now we have the ability to advance our product offerings together and ensure that our community financial institutions are always getting the very best when it comes to managing risk and mitigating fraud.”
The acquisition of Centrix provides Q2 with the ability to deliver additional expertise and solutions that strengthen Q2’s security, compliance and risk management capabilities and offerings. Centrix and Q2 have partnered together for years with many mutual clients, making today’s acquisition a natural extension of that relationship. Centrix’s product offerings are complementary to the Q2 platform and vice versa, which will continue to allow for smart cross-marketing to credit union and community banks alike.  Centrix has a loyal following with several of the leading digital banking and core processing vendors in Q2’s market and is serving over 316 credit union and community bank clients across the country.
“It’s an exciting day for us here at Centrix. When it comes to virtual banking, no brand is more respected than Q2 among community financial institutions. Being a part of Q2 bolsters not only our resources but our infrastructure, empowering us to advance our business while continuing to serve our clients at the rate and with the quality we are known for,” said Tim Schnell, co-founder and president of Centrix. “It’s a smart union in that we are able to tap into the robust infrastructure Q2 has established, allowing us to focus on our mission of delivering innovative products and services to the vast number of community financial institutions both companies are committed to serving.”
Q2 plans to support Centrix in conducting business in the manner that has made them a trusted brand while providing them with the infrastructure and technology support to advance product offerings across the three areas in which Centrix is so respected, including treasury management, compliance and risk management and bank operations solutions.
Acquisition Terms:
Q2 acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Centrix in exchange for $20 million cash payable at closing, subject to a customary working capital adjustment. The former shareholders of Centrix also have the right to receive in the aggregate up to an additional $9 million based upon the achievement of certain milestones and the continued employment of certain shareholders.
The transaction will be discussed in more detail on the second quarter 2015 results conference call scheduled for August 6th.
About Centrix Solutions, Inc.:
Centrix Solutions, located in Lincoln, Nebraska, provides financial institutions with products and services to help detect fraud, manage risk and optimize efficiency. With a product line that encompasses treasury management, compliance and risk management and bank operations, Centrix provides clients with a broad array of strategic technology solutions. More information can be found at www.centrixsolutions.com.
About Q2 Holdings, Inc.: 
Q2 is a leading provider of secure, cloud-based virtual banking solutions headquartered in Austin, Texas. Q2 enables regional and community financial institutions, or RCFIs, to deliver a robust suite of integrated virtual banking services and engage more effectively with their retail and commercial account holders who expect to bank anytime, anywhere and on any device. Q2 solutions are often the most frequent point of interaction between its RCFI customers and their account holders. As such, Q2 purpose-built its solutions to deliver a compelling, consistent user experience across digital channels and drive the success of its customers by extending their local brands, enabling improved account holder retention and creating incremental sales opportunities.
Forward-looking Statements: 
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements about the ability of Centrix’s products to integrate with Q2’s solutions to successfully provide treasury management, compliance and risk management and bank operating solutions; the ability of Q2 to advance its product offerings together with Centrix; and the ability to cross-market Q2 and Centrix’s products.  The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based upon Q2’s current plans, estimates and expectations and are not a representation that such plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) risks related to our ability to successfully integrate Centrix and its technology and personnel; (b) risks related to the execution of our plans, strategies and forecasts, including with respect to our security, compliance, and risk management capabilities and offerings; (c) risks related to the demand for these offerings; (d) risks related to our expectations with respect to the business of Centrix after completion of the transaction and our ability to realize additional opportunities for growth and innovation; and (e) other risks and potential factors that could affect our business and financial results identified in Q2’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available on the SEC Filings section of the Investor Relations section of Q2’s website at http://investors.q2ebanking.com/. These forward-looking statements represent Q2’s expectations as of the date of this press release. Subsequent events may cause these expectations to change, and Q2 disclaims any obligations to update or alter these forward-looking statements in the future, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


Contact:
Kathleen Lucente
Red Fan Communications
512 – 551 – 9253
kathleen@redfancommunications.com


Categories:
Business
Q2 Platform
Unified User Experience (UUX)











Follow Us on Social Media

















close



Speak to a Q2 representative today. 
Q2 looks forward to speaking with you about your digital banking needs, and how we can help. We just need a bit of information from you to get started.





















Search Field

Search Buttton

×









 

















About Q2 - Q2 eBanking





























































Speak to an Expert
 







Menu Icon











See All Resources







About Q2

Digital banking solutions that enable you to Stand Apart, Scale Smart, and Grow Beyond.








Stay in-the-know with the latest digital banking news.




 We will never share your information outside our organization. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information. You may manage your email communication preferences at any time by using the “email preferences” link at the bottom of any email.






close



Speak to a Q2 representative today. 
Q2 looks forward to speaking with you about your digital banking needs, and how we can help. We just need a bit of information from you to get started.





















Search Field

Search Buttton

×









 

















Q2 Company About Us | Our Beliefs and Leadership




























































Speak to an Expert
 







Menu Icon















About Us

At Q2, we believe financial power should stay within the communities served by regional and community financial institutions (RCFIs). Our sole purpose is to enable these financial institutions to compete to win in an always-connected world.








 



We believe there should be more than five banks in America. Our comprehensive, adaptable single platform—backed by a purpose-built culture of partnership—is designed to help community financial institutions stand apart, scale smart, and grow beyond.












"Q2 was started with this idea of enhancing the strengths of community banks"
Duration: 02:23




"The passion that drives us is ultimately about helping people and communities"
Duration: 02:11




"From the very beginning we had a sense that we could pick the very best people"
Duration: 01:47




"We're going to change people's lives in thousands of communities because we helped their FIs stay in business or excel"
Duration: 01:28




"The culture that exists at Q2 is unlike anything I've ever experienced"
Duration: 02:14





Chapter 1: Our Beginnings
Chapter 2: Our Values
Chapter 3: Our People
Chapter 4: Our Future
Get to Know Q2






Our Leadership
At the helm of Q2’s success is our executive leadership team, with deep domain expertise and a track record of execution.





Executive Team
Board of Directors








 

 

Matt Flake

														Chief Executive Officer & President/Board Member													
Read More







 

 

Odus Wittenburg

														President													
Read More







 

 

Adam (Anderson) Blue

														EVP & Chief Technology Officer													
Read More







 

 

Barry Benton

														General Counsel													
Read More







 

 

John Breeden

														EVP Operations													
Read More







 

 

Will Furrer

														Chief Strategy Officer													
Read More







 

 

Jennifer Harris

														Chief Financial Officer													
Read More







 

 

Coy Joyner

														SVP, Product													
Read More







 

 

Bill Elderton

														SVP, Engineering													
Read More







 

 

Suzette Junier

														Chief Compliance Officer & Chief Privacy Officer													
Read More







 

 

Bob Michaud

														Chief Security Officer													
Read More







 

 

Lou Senko

														SVP & Chief Information Officer													
Read More







 

 

Tom Sheehan

														Vice President, Sales													
Read More







 

 

Paul Walker

														SVP, Business Development													
Read More







 

 

Kim Rutledge

														SVP, Human Resources													
Read More









 

 

R.H. “Hank” Seale, III

														Chairman													
Read More







 

 

Matt Flake

														Chief Executive Officer & President/Board Member													
Read More







 

 

Michael Brown

														Board Member													
Read More







 

 

Jeffrey T. Diehl

														Board Member													
Read More







 

 

Charles T. (Chuck) Doyle

														Board Member													
Read More







 

 

Michael J. Maples

														Board Member													
Read More







 

 

Jim Offerdahl

														Board Member													
Read More







 

 

Jim Schaper

														Board Member													
Read More







 

 

Lynn Atchison

														Board Member													
Read More












Q2 in the Headlines
Learn More ›








Tips to Improve Website Accessibility


												July 24, 2017						






Are Open APIs the Gateway to New Cores?


												July 24, 2017						






Q2 Streamlines Processing for Financial Institutions with New Interface for Visa DPS Disputes


												July 20, 2017						










Stay in-the-know with the latest digital banking news.




 We will never share your information outside our organization. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information. You may manage your email communication preferences at any time by using the “email preferences” link at the bottom of any email.





close



Speak to a Q2 representative today. 
Q2 looks forward to speaking with you about your digital banking needs, and how we can help. We just need a bit of information from you to get started.





















Search Field

Search Buttton

×









 

















Digital Banking Solutions for Banks and Credit Unions





























































Speak to an Expert
 







Menu Icon












Digital Banking Solutions for Banks and Credit Unions.
Q2 provides the industry's most comprehensive and adaptable digital banking platform and innovative solutions designed to help banks and credit unions compete to win in an always-connected world. 
Watch Company Overview


close







Keep up with changing user expectations.
We've come to expect simplicity and excellence in all things online and mobile. But banking — especially in the corporate space — is lagging behind in user experience and mobile usability. Read our new whitepaper to learn more about untapped opportunities in the digital banking space. 
Uncover New Opportunities







close



The Turning Point: Consumer Expectations & Corporate Banking
In a user-focused, mobile-ready world, brand success is driven by experience. Learn more about the opportunities for improvement in digital banking-particularly the corporate market.










Our Platform Q2 developed the most comprehensive and adaptable smart banking platform of its kind to deliver a complete range of financial services anytime, anywhere, on any device. The Q2 Platform delivers a more streamlined, integrated, and secure single view and interface to the entire digital banking experience. 



Stand Apart Deliver unique, personalized experiences in a single interface that’s fully secure and easy to deploy and manage. 



Scale Smart Scale with account holder needs from consumer account to comprehensive business and corporate banking transactions.  



Grow Beyond Dynamic new products and services designed to help you and your account holders grow and succeed today and tomorrow. 

Our Platform







Products for Digital Banking - and Beyond Whether you're looking for tools for consumer, business or corporate banking, or searching for security tools or growth and analytics solutions, Q2's suite of products has everything you need to meet today's banking challenges—and tomorrow's.   









“This has been the most successful 3rd party partnership that my company has ever had and I value being an integral part of developing that relationship.” 


											—OJ Gilder, Vice President, IT and Marketing															
Read the case study 










Customer Highlights













































































Visit the Resource Library
Take a tour of our complete Resource Library. From product sheets, user guides, and release updates to detailed white papers, industry trends, insights, and reports—it’s all here.

View Resource Library





What's New



											News										


											Q2 announces Q2 Open, a modern API portfolio powering next-generation financial services										

Any organization looking to provide financial services-financial institutions, fintech companies and leading brands-can utilize Q2 Open to develop and enhance their own financial apps and tools.


Read More



											News										


											Q2 wins NAFCU Services Innovation Award										

Q2 is the recipient of the 2017 Innovation Award from NAFCU Services for Q2 SMART, a targeting and messaging platform that empowers FIs to unlock actionable customer insights.


Read More



											Interview										


											Q2’s Adam Blue on Benefits of Behavior-Driven Recommendation Engines										

Q2 CTO Adam Blue joined CUbroadcast  in the Studio Lounge to discuss his NAFCU Innovation Award on Q2 SMART.


Watch Now






											News										


											Q2 announces Q2 Open, a modern API portfolio powering next-generation financial services										

Any organization looking to provide financial services-financial institutions, fintech companies and leading brands-can utilize Q2 Open to develop and enhance their own financial apps and tools.


Read More





											News										


											Q2 wins NAFCU Services Innovation Award										

Q2 is the recipient of the 2017 Innovation Award from NAFCU Services for Q2 SMART, a targeting and messaging platform that empowers FIs to unlock actionable customer insights.


Read More





											Interview										


											Q2’s Adam Blue on Benefits of Behavior-Driven Recommendation Engines										

Q2 CTO Adam Blue joined CUbroadcast  in the Studio Lounge to discuss his NAFCU Innovation Award on Q2 SMART.


Watch Now








Meet The Team
Get to know the people that help Q2, our clients and their customers stand apart, scale smart, and grow beyond every day.
About us





Our Awards and Recognitions



























Stay in-the-know with the latest digital banking news.




 We will never share your information outside our organization. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information. You may manage your email communication preferences at any time by using the “email preferences” link at the bottom of any email.





close



Speak to a Q2 representative today. 
Q2 looks forward to speaking with you about your digital banking needs, and how we can help. We just need a bit of information from you to get started.





















Search Field

Search Buttton

×









 













	Q2 Holdings, Inc. - Investor Relations - Overview


































Skip to main content





Corporate Site









































Empowering Returns on Relationships

At Q2, we are driven by a culture of partnership and dedication to empowering community banks and credit unions with digital banking solutions that help them stand apart, scale smart, and grow beyond.








Welcome to the Q2 Holdings, Inc. Investor Relations

Q2 is a leading provider of secure, cloud-based virtual banking solutions headquartered in Austin, Texas. Q2 enables regional and community financial institutions, or RCFIs, to deliver a robust suite of integrated virtual banking services and engage more effectively with their retail and commercial account holders who expect to bank anytime, anywhere and on any device.
Q2 solutions are often the most frequent point of interaction between its RCFI customers and their account holders. As such, Q2 purpose-built its solutions to deliver a compelling, consistent user experience across digital channels and drive the success of its customers by extending their local brands, enabling improved account holder retention and creating incremental sales opportunities.




NYSE:QTWO


38.80
+0.00
+0%
Volume: 
233,241

04:00 PM ET July 27, 2017  
Pricing delayed 20 minutes



Quick Links

SEC Filings
Quarterly Reports
News
Contact IR
Events & Presentations






Latest News






View More





                                Q2 Holdings, Inc. Announces Investor Conference Call to Review Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
                            

July 19, 2017












                                Q2 Wins NAFCU Services Innovation Award for Groundbreaking Data Analytics Platform
                            

June 14, 2017












                                Q2 Announces Q2 Open, a Modern API Portfolio Powering Next-Generation Financial Services
                            

June 13, 2017








View More













Latest Events

Upcoming Events
Past Events



View More
Date
Event



August 3, 2017

Q2 Holding Second Quarter Results Conference Call



Listen to Webcast (opens in new window)







Add to Apple Calendar




Add to Google Calendar




Add to Microsoft Outlook




Add to iCalendar








June 6, 2017

Stifel 2017 Technology, Internet & Media Conference 



Listen to Webcast (opens in new window)







Add to Apple Calendar




Add to Google Calendar




Add to Microsoft Outlook




Add to iCalendar








May 24, 2017

JP Morgan Global Technology, Media and Telecom Conference



Listen to Webcast (opens in new window)







Add to Apple Calendar




Add to Google Calendar




Add to Microsoft Outlook




Add to iCalendar







View More












Products

For Consumer
For Corporate
For Business
For Security
For Growth and Analytics



Page Links

Education & Events
Blog
Technology Partners
Careers
Channel Partners
News/Press
Investors Relations
About Us










Contact Information


(512) 275-0072
info@q2ebanking.com
    13785 Research Blvd, Ste. 150
         Austin, TX 78750






Privacy Policy
Site Map




Social Media

Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Facebook










Privacy Policy
Site Map




© Q2 Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved






Powered By Q4 Inc.
4.5.0.5
(opens in new window)























	Q2 Holdings, Inc. - Q2 Holdings Launches Groundbreaking Data Analytics Platform for Community FIs
































Skip to main content





Corporate Site















































Press Release Details

View all News



Q2 Holdings Launches Groundbreaking Data Analytics Platform for Community FIs


January 10, 2017


Download this Press Release
PDF Format (opens in new window)
 
()




Q2 SMART utilizes machine learning and statistical analysis to unlock
      actionable customer insights to drive improved targeting, products,
      growth and revenue across channels

 AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
      Q2
      Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: QTWO), a leading provider of secure,
      cloud-based digital banking solutions for community-focused financial
      institutions (FIs), announced today the availability of Q2 SMART, a
      targeting and messaging platform that empowers FIs to unlock actionable
      customer insights and engage account holders at unprecedented levels.
    

      Built from the ground up by Q2 data scientists, Q2 SMART utilizes
      machine learning and unique statistical analysis to identify behavioral
      “traits” that help FIs anticipate customers’ needs and engage account
      holders with better, more fitting product recommendations.
    

      “Q2 SMART strikes the balance in an FI’s struggle to reconcile the need
      for a data analytics platform with the reality of a constrained
      operating budget,” said Adam Anderson, chief technology officer at Q2.
      “We do all the heavy lifting for you - what was once a mountain of
      untapped customer data is now the key to identifying real account holder
      needs that will ultimately drive new conversations across digital
      channels as well as growth and revenue opportunities for community FIs.”
    

      Q2 SMART is the only recommendation engine of its kind with several key
      differentiators:
    


        A multichannel approach to behavioral targeting that allows FIs to
        target multiple customer touchpoints, based on customer behavior,
        making it easy for FIs to create new custom campaigns, conversations
        and offers based on specific user behaviors rather than just
        demographics.
      

        A recommendation engine that uses Q2-developed machine learning
        algorithms to determine which products an account holder is more
        likely to adopt.
      

        The same machine learning techniques that power the recommendation
        engine also analyze customer deposit and payment patterns to recognize
        uncharacteristic balances or behavior at any given time.
      

        Q2 SMART integrates seamlessly into the Q2 Platform, presenting
        behavioral user data into clear metrics, graphs and charts that are
        updated daily and are easily understood through an intuitive user
        interface.
      


      Q2 SMART was also designed in close partnership with Q2 customers. More
      than 40 institutions have assisted in Q2 SMART’s development process
      over two years, with hundreds of interactions guiding the design team to
      the existing feature set.
    

      The result is a platform integration that uses data as a competitive
      advantage to drive institutional growth by delivering the most relevant
      and customized message possible to the right customer at the right time
      without additional burden on IT, marketing or other FI resources.
    

About Q2 Holdings, Inc.


Q2 Holdings, Inc. (Q2) is a leading provider of secure,
      cloud-based digital banking solutions headquartered in Austin, Texas. Q2
      is driven by a culture of partnership and dedication to empowering
      community-focused banks and credit unions with digital banking
      solutions that help them stand apart, scale smart and grow beyond with
      retail and commercial account holders. Q2’s solutions are designed to
      deliver a compelling, secure and consistent user experience on any
      device and enable customers to improve account holder retention and
      to create incremental sales opportunities. To learn more about Q2, visit www.q2ebanking.com.
    


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170110005177/en/
Source: Q2 Holdings, Inc.

      Red Fan CommunicationsLindsay Mason & Matt Beezley, 512-551-9253lindsay@redfancommunications.commatt@redfancommunications.com








View all News










Products

For Consumer
For Corporate
For Business
For Security
For Growth and Analytics



Page Links

Education & Events
Blog
Technology Partners
Careers
Channel Partners
News/Press
Investors Relations
About Us










Contact Information


(512) 275-0072
info@q2ebanking.com
    13785 Research Blvd, Ste. 150
         Austin, TX 78750






Privacy Policy
Site Map




Social Media

Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Facebook










Privacy Policy
Site Map




© Q2 Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved






Powered By Q4 Inc.
4.5.0.5
(opens in new window)




















Q2 Company Newsroom | Q2 in the News




























































Speak to an Expert
 







Menu Icon















Q2 in the News

See what’s happening with Q2, from new partnerships to new products, awards and industry recognitions.












 




Tips to Improve Website Accessibility



 




Are Open APIs the Gateway to New Cores?



 




Q2’s Adam Blue on Benefits of Behavior-Driven Recommendation Engines







Q2 Press






Category
Unified User Experience (UUX)
Q2 Platform
Security
Compliance
Back-office Simplicity
Analytics
Mobile
Security Services
Web Services
Corporate
Business
Security Solutions
Consumer





Search












 Q2 Streamlines Processing for Financial Institutions with New Interface for Visa DPS Disputes
July 20, 2017







 Q2 wins NAFCU Services Innovation Award for groundbreaking data analytics platform
June 14, 2017







 Q2 announces Q2 Open, a modern API portfolio powering next-generation financial services
June 13, 2017







5 Essential Website Accessibility Tips For Financial Institutions
May 03, 2017







 Q2 Holdings bolsters board of directors with Spredfast CFO Lynn Atchison
April 20, 2017







 Q2 streamlines ACH reporting with unique automated reporting module
March 29, 2017







 Q2 leverages machine learning to identify fraudulent activity before a transaction ever occurs
March 16, 2017







 Q2 Platform delivers enhanced accessibility for people with disabilities
March 09, 2017





1
2
…
16
Next 







Stay in-the-know with the latest digital banking news.




 We will never share your information outside our organization. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information. You may manage your email communication preferences at any time by using the “email preferences” link at the bottom of any email.





close



Speak to a Q2 representative today. 
Q2 looks forward to speaking with you about your digital banking needs, and how we can help. We just need a bit of information from you to get started.





















Search Field

Search Buttton

×









 











