




























QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM) versus Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Head-To-Head Analysis - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for QEP Midstream Partners LP
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor QEP Midstream Partners LP with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) PT Set at $40.00 by Northland Securities
Meta Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASH) Downgraded by FBR & Co to “Hold”
Spirit Airlines, Inc. (SAVE) Downgraded by Bank of America Corporation to “Hold”
Donald Graham Purchases 24,561 Shares of Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO) Stock
Situl Jobanputra Acquires 37,500 Shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC (LON:CAPC) Stock
Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc. (ELS) Chairman Samuel Zell Buys 805,333 Shares
Research Analysts Set Expectations for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:AKAM)
DA Davidson Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for V.F. Corporation (VFC)
Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Takes Position in Sealed Air Corporation (SEE)
Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Acquires New Position in SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI)
Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Sells 105,919 Shares of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP)
SeaBridge Investment Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Credicorp Ltd. (BAP)
Aqua America, Inc. (NYSE:WTR) Position Lowered by Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY
SeaBridge Investment Advisors LLC Holds Stake in iShares MSCI South Korea Index Fund(ETF) (EWY)
Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on McDonald’s Corporation’s Q3 2017 Earnings (MCD)
Brokers Set Expectations for HCA Holdings, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NYSE:HCA)
TotalFinaElf, S.A. (NYSE:TOT) Position Boosted by Huntington National Bank
Huntington National Bank Maintains Position in America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:AMX)
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Pandora Media, Inc. (NYSE:P) Boosted by Analyst
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Expected to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.82 Per Share



 


QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM) versus Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Head-To-Head Analysis

					Posted by Devon Dixon on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












QEP Midstream Partners (NASDAQ: QEPM) and Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) are both energy companies, but which is the better business? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their dividends, risk, valuation, earnings, institutional ownership, analyst recommendations and profitabiliy. 
Valuation and Earnings


 Get QEP Midstream Partners LP alerts:



This table compares QEP Midstream Partners and Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


QEP Midstream Partners
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
$25.34 billion
2.30
$4.98 billion
$1.24
22.03






Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has higher revenue and earnings than QEP Midstream Partners. 
Analyst Recommendations
This is a breakdown of recent ratings and target prices for QEP Midstream Partners and Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as reported by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


QEP Midstream Partners
0
0
0
0
N/A


Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
0
0
17
0
3.00


Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a consensus price target of $32.09, suggesting a potential upside of 17.47%. Given Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s  higher probable upside, analysts clearly believe Enterprise Products Partners L.P. is more favorable than QEP Midstream Partners.
Insider and Institutional Ownership
38.5% of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. shares are owned by institutional investors. 37.5% of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. shares are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, large money managers and endowments believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.
Profitability
This table compares QEP Midstream Partners and Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


QEP Midstream Partners
62.86%
23.46%
13.76%


Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
10.31%
11.73%
5.06%


Dividends
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. pays an annual dividend of $1.66 per share and has a dividend yield of 6.1%. QEP Midstream Partners does not pay a dividend. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. pays out 133.9% of its earnings in the form of a dividend, suggesting it may not have sufficient earnings to cover its dividend payment in the future. QEP Midstream Partners has increased its dividend for 18 consecutive years. 
Summary
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. beats QEP Midstream Partners on 6 of the 11 factors compared between the two stocks.
QEP Midstream Partners Company Profile
QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEP Midstream) is a master limited partnership formed to own, operate, acquire and develop midstream energy assets. The Company’s primary assets consist of ownership interests in four gathering systems and two Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC)-regulated pipelines through which, the Company provides natural gas midstream services, and crude oil gathering and transportation services to producers and users of natural gas and crude oil. The natural gas midstream services include gathering, compression, treating and dehydration, processing, fractionation, natural gas transmission and natural gas liquids (NGL) products transportation. The Company provides crude oil gathering and transportation services in Colorado, North Dakota, Utah and Wyoming.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Company Profile
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. The Company’s midstream energy operations include natural gas gathering, treating, processing, transportation and storage; NGL transportation, fractionation, storage, and import and export terminals, including liquefied petroleum gas (LPG); crude oil gathering, transportation, storage and terminals; petrochemical and refined products transportation, storage, export and import terminals, and related services, and a marine transportation business that operates primarily on the United States inland and Intracoastal Waterway systems.






Receive News & Ratings for QEP Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for QEP Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Meta Financial Group, Inc.  Downgraded by FBR & Co to “Hold”





Intel Corporation  PT Set at $40.00 by Northland Securities





Situl Jobanputra Acquires 37,500 Shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC  Stock





Donald Graham Purchases 24,561 Shares of Cable One, Inc.  Stock





Spirit Airlines, Inc.  Downgraded by Bank of America Corporation to “Hold”





Research Analysts Set Expectations for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































QEP Midstream Partners LP - NYSE:QEPM - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















QEP Midstream Partners LP (QEPM)
Follow




                                    16.09
                                

0.42
2.54




                        NYSE : Basic Materials
                    

Jul 22, 2015 4:03 PM EDT












Prev Close
  16.51


Open
16.30


Day Low/High

                                    16.00 /
                                    16.71


52 Wk Low/High

                                    14.08 /
                                    26.35
                                


Volume
239.87K


Avg Volume 
81.30K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
53.45M


Market Cap
441.54M


EPS
1.87


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            1.28
                                            (7.80%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









3 Hold-Rated Dividend Stocks: AMTG, QEPM, QUAD











Notable Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - QEPM

















What To Hold: 3 Hold-Rated Dividend Stocks CPTA, OXBR, QEPM
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Hold by TheStreet

Jul 1, 2015 11:30 AM EDT













Former SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe And Powers Taylor LLP File Class Action Suit Against QEP Midstream Partners, LP
Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe and the securities litigation firm of Powers Taylor LLP today announced that a class action has been commenced in the United States District...

Jun 2, 2015 7:27 PM EDT













3 Hold-Rated Dividend Stocks: CNSL, QEPM, NYMT
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Hold by TheStreet

May 19, 2015 11:33 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  GTY, NMFC, NPTN, QEPM, STKL, TCPC, TLP, TRQ, ZA
    
Downgrades:  ACAT, CSPI, DMLP, HHC, MSA, NWN, OMED, PCP, TRI, TWTR, VRTS
    
Initiations:  ESES, LMNS, TSLX
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

May 14, 2015 11:00 AM EDT













SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed Sale Of QEP Midstream Partners, LP And Encourages Investors To Contact The Firm For Additional Information
The securities litigation law firm of Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation, has commenced an investigation into possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of state law by the Board of Directors of QEP...

May 4, 2015 7:01 PM EDT













INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders Of QEP Midstream Partners, LP Of Commencement Of An Investigation Regarding The Fairness Of The Sale Of The Company To Tesoro Logistics LP
The following statement is being issued by Levi & Korsinsky, LLP: To: All Persons or Entities who purchased QEP Midstream Partners, LP stock prior to April 6, 2015 .

May 1, 2015 11:39 AM EDT













QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Announces The Investigation Of QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Over The Proposed Sale Of The Company To Tesoro Corp. (TLLP)
Juan E. Monteverde, a partner at Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities firm headquartered in New York City, is investigating the Board of Directors of QEP Midstream Partners, LP ("QEP" or the...

Apr 30, 2015 4:29 PM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: QEPM, SYT, NGLS
QEPM SYT NGLS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, April 30, 2015

Apr 29, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Announces The Investigation Of QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Over The Proposed Sale Of The Company To Tesoro Corp. (TLLP)
Juan E. Monteverde, a partner at Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities firm headquartered in New York City, is investigating the Board of Directors of QEP Midstream Partners, LP ("QEP" or the...

Apr 16, 2015 11:39 AM EDT













QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Former SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe And Powers Taylor LLP Investigate Sale To Tesoro Logistics LP
Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe and the securities litigation firm of Powers Taylor LLP are investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of QEP Midstream...

Apr 8, 2015 10:40 AM EDT













3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks: RNO, TOO, QEPM
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Feb 27, 2015 10:30 AM EST













3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks: USAC, RNF, QEPM
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Feb 19, 2015 10:30 AM EST













3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks: AMTG, QEPM, SXE
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Jan 30, 2015 10:42 AM EST













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: KNOP, QEPM, HXL
KNOP QEPM HXL are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, January 30, 2015

Jan 29, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Ex-Div Reminder For QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 1/30/15, QEP Midstream Partners LP will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.31, payable on 2/13/15. As a percentage of QEPM's recent stock price of $16.06, this dividend works out to approximately 1.93%, so look for shares of QEP Midstream Partners LP to trade 1.93% lower — all else being equal — when QEPM shares open for trading on 1/30/15.

Jan 28, 2015 10:08 AM EST













5 Stocks Poised for Breakouts: RetailMeNot, Repros and More
These are the stocks that often go on to make monster moves to the upside.

Dec 19, 2014 1:29 PM EST













QEP Resources Completes Sale Of Its Midstream Business
QEP Resources, Inc. (NYSE: QEP)("QEP" or the "Company") today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, QEP Field Services Company, has completed the sale of its midstream business, including the Company's ownership...

Dec 2, 2014 4:30 PM EST













Shares Of QEPM Now Oversold
In trading on Monday, shares of QEP Midstream Partners LP entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $14.83 per share. We define oversold territory using the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which is a technical analysis indicator used to measure momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Dec 1, 2014 4:08 PM EST













QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM) Downgraded From Hold to Sell
QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM) has been downgraded by TheStreet Ratings from Hold to Sell with a ratings score of D+.

Nov 3, 2014 9:51 AM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ABC, ALJ, ASX, EDR, FORM, FRBA, GLUU, MTGE, SUI, TSRA, VNTV, VPRT, ZLTQ
    
Downgrades: ATW, CXO, FNSR, HTWR, IRF, ISIL, KMT, MCGC, POWI, QEPM, USAT, WSTL
    
Initiations: CNHI, FISH, RNG
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Oct 31, 2014 11:00 AM EDT













3 Stocks With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: QEPM, USAC, TCP
QEPM USAC TCP are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, October 31, 2014

Oct 30, 2014 10:07 AM EDT













QEPM Ex-Dividend Reminder - 10/31/14
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 10/31/14, QEP Midstream Partners LP will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.30, payable on 11/14/14. As a percentage of QEPM's recent stock price of $16.54, this dividend works out to approximately 1.81%, so look for shares of QEP Midstream Partners LP to trade 1.81% lower — all else being equal — when QEPM shares open for trading on 10/31/14.

Oct 29, 2014 10:04 AM EDT













QEPM's Strong Dividend History Helps Get It To The Top 10
QEP Midstream Partners LP has been named as a Top 10 dividend paying utility stock, according to Dividend Channel, which published its weekly ''DividendRank'' report. The report noted that among utilities, QEPM shares displayed both attractive valuation metrics and strong profitability metrics.

Oct 24, 2014 9:25 AM EDT













Trade-Ideas: QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM) Is Today's Weak On High Relative Volume Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM) as a weak on high relative volume candidate

Oct 21, 2014 10:14 AM EDT













Why QEP Resources (QEP) Stock Is Surging Today
QEP Midstream announced the acquisition of its GP and LP units by Tesoro Logistics (TLLP)

Oct 20, 2014 8:00 AM EDT













QEP Resources Announces Sale Of Its Midstream Business To Tesoro Logistics LP For $2.5 Billion
QEP Resources, Inc. (NYSE:QEP, “QEP” or the “Company”) announced today that its wholly owned subsidiary, QEP Field Services Company (“Field Services”), has entered into a definitive...

Oct 19, 2014 8:00 PM EDT













QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM) Shares Enter Oversold Territory
In trading on Wednesday, shares of QEP Midstream Partners LP entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $21.93 per share. We define oversold territory using the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which is a technical analysis indicator used to measure momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Oct 8, 2014 3:52 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
Upgrades: AMRI, HPTX, KZ 
    
Downgrades: LDOS, NTL
    
Initiations: CVT, FI, MIXT, QEPM, STCK, WPT 
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Sep 10, 2014 11:00 AM EDT



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



MLPs Fall In The Woods

SeekingAlpha



QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for April 30, 2015

NASDAQ



QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for January 30, 2015

NASDAQ



QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for October 31, 2014

NASDAQ



QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for July 31, 2014

NASDAQ



QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for October 31, 2013

NASDAQ


































 











Trending


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


These Are Our 3 Biggest Stories on Amazon's Bizarre Earnings Whiff


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Intel Blows Away Estimates -- Here Are 11 Photos Revealing How Company Is Shaping the Future











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM) News & Analysis






















    























































































QEP Midstream Partners LP Company Profile (NASDAQ:QEPM)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM)
QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEP Midstream) is a master limited partnership formed to own, operate, acquire and develop midstream energy assets. The Company's primary assets consist of ownership interests in four gathering systems and two Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC)-regulated pipelines through which, the Company provides natural gas midstream services, and crude oil gathering and transportation services to producers and users of natural gas and crude oil. The natural gas midstream services include gathering, compression, treating and dehydration, processing, fractionation, natural gas transmission and natural gas liquids (NGL) products transportation. The Company provides crude oil gathering and transportation services in Colorado, North Dakota, Utah and Wyoming. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Energy
Industry: Oil & Gas Transportation Services - NEC
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:QEPM
CUSIP: N/A
Web: N/A

Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $17.47200 Day Moving Avg: $16.7552 Week Range: $14.08 - $26.35


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 15.93P/E Growth: 0.00


Profitability:Net Margins: 62.86%Return on Equity: 23.46%Return on Assets: 13.76%Misc:Average Volume: 82,781 shs.

 

Frequently Asked Questions for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM)
What is QEP Midstream Partners LP's stock symbol?

QEP Midstream Partners LP trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "QEPM."



How were QEP Midstream Partners LP's earnings last quarter?

QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM) announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November, 5th. The company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $28.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $36.80 million. QEP Midstream Partners LP had a return on equity of 23.46% and a net margin of 62.86%. The company's revenue was down 21.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.12 EPS.  View QEP Midstream Partners LP's Earnings History.



Who are some of QEP Midstream Partners LP's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to QEP Midstream Partners LP include Enbridge (ENB), Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD), Kinder Morgan (KMI), TransCanada Corporation (TRP), Williams Companies, Inc. (The) (WMB), Sunoco Logistics Partners LP (ETP), ONEOK (OKE), Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA), Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (MMP), Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP), Pembina Pipeline Corp. (PBA), MPLX LP (MPLX), Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP), Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP), Targa Resources (TRGP), Buckeye Partners L.P. (BPL), Enable Midstream Partners, LP (ENBL) and EQT Midstream Partners, LP (EQM).



How do I buy QEP Midstream Partners LP stock? 

Shares of QEP Midstream Partners LP can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is QEP Midstream Partners LP's stock price today?

One share of QEP Midstream Partners LP stock can currently be purchased for approximately $16.09.


MarketBeat Community Rating for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ QEPM)Community Ranking:  1.9 out of 5 ()Outperform Votes:  17 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  28 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  45MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about QEP Midstream Partners LP and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM)Earnings History by Quarter for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ QEPM)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails11/5/2014Q314$0.27$0.25$36.80 million$28.70 millionViewN/A8/6/2014Q214$0.23$0.18$31.75 million$30.20 millionViewN/A5/7/2014Q114$0.21$0.21$31.35 million$31.00 millionViewN/A2/25/2014Q413$0.23$0.23$29.50 million$31.70 millionViewN/A11/6/2013Q313$0.24$0.12$30.75 million$32.70 millionViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $0.99 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $1.01 EPS


Dividends
Dividend History by Quarter for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ QEPM)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date4/23/2015quarterly$0.327.21%4/30/20155/4/20155/15/20151/23/2015$0.311/30/20152/3/20152/13/201510/23/2014quarterly$0.307.06%10/31/201411/4/201411/14/20147/22/2014quarterly$0.284.3%8/1/20148/5/20148/15/20144/22/2014quarterly$0.274.65%5/1/20145/5/20145/15/20141/23/2014quarterly$0.264.42%1/31/20142/4/20142/14/201410/24/2013special$0.1310/31/201311/4/201311/14/201310/23/2013quarterly$0.1311/4/201311/14/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM)Insider Trades by Quarter for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails3/6/2014Gregory KingDirectorBuy5,000$21.54$107,700.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM)


Latest Headlines for QEP Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:QEPM)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineGenesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) and QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM) Head-To-Head Surveywww.americanbankingnews.com - June 30 at 8:30 PMHead to Head Review: Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (MMP) & QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 8:21 AMHead to Head Contrast: Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) vs. QEP Midstream Partners (QEPM)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 22 at 6:42 PMThe Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Tallgrass Energy Partners, Pembina Pipeline, Tesoro Logistics and QEP Midstream Partners - Press Releasesfinance.yahoo.com - April 7 at 12:10 PMTESORO LOGISTICS LP REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2016 RESULTSwww.nasdaq.com - October 31 at 6:48 PMQEP Midstream Partners, LP Files 2014 Form 10-Kwww.prnewswire.com - March 2 at 2:15 PMQEP Midstream Partners, LP Announces Acquisition Of Its General Partner And LP Units By Tesoro Logistics LPwww.prnewswire.com - February 4 at 11:24 AMQEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP Files SEC form 8-K, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets, Notice of Delistinbiz.yahoo.com - July 23 at 4:16 PMFormer SEC Attorney Willie Briscoe and Powers Taylor LLP File Class Action Suit against QEP Midstream Partners, LPfinance.yahoo.com - June 2 at 7:27 PMQEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP Financialsfinance.yahoo.com - May 15 at 1:04 PMQEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP Files SEC form 10-Q, Quarterly Reportbiz.yahoo.com - May 8 at 4:32 PMINVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of QEP Midstream Partners, LP of Commencement of an Investigation Regarding the Fairness of the Sale of the Company to Tesoro Logistics LP -- QEPMfinance.yahoo.com - May 6 at 2:48 PMSHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed Sale Of QEP Midstream Partners, LP And Encourages Investors To Contact The Firm For Additional Informationfinance.yahoo.com - May 4 at 7:01 PMINVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of QEP Midstream Partners, LP of Commencement of an Investigation Regarding the Fairness of the Sale of the Company to Tesoro Logistics LPfinance.yahoo.com - May 1 at 11:39 AMQEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Announces the Investigation of QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Over the Proposed Sale of the Company to Tesoro Corp. (TLLP)finance.yahoo.com - April 30 at 4:29 PMQEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP Files SEC form 8-K, Regulation FD Disclosurebiz.yahoo.com - April 23 at 4:55 PMTesoro Logistics LP to Acquire Remaining Portion of QEP Midstream Partners, LPfinance.yahoo.com - April 6 at 5:01 PMQEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP Files SEC form 8-K, Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant, Financial Statements anbiz.yahoo.com - March 27 at 4:36 PMWhy MLP Sale Signals Better Energy Market Than Price Indicates247wallst.com - December 3 at 9:45 AMTesoro strikes $2.5B deal with QEPfinance.yahoo.com - October 20 at 12:57 PM


Social





Chart
QEP Midstream Partners LP (QEPM) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff

































































 



 Tesoro Logistics LP and QEP Midstream Partners, LP Complete Merger 
         










    










 






 











 









Tesoro Logistics LP and QEP Midstream Partners, LP Complete Merger

Jul 22, 2015, 09:49 ET
		  		  					
						 from   QEP Midstream Partners, LP 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







QEP Midstream Partners, LP logo.    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




QEP Midstream Partners, LP logo.
 


 

 




 





 


SAN ANTONIO, July 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Tesoro Logistics LP (NYSE:  TLLP) ("TLLP") and QEP Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:  QEPM) ("QEPM") today announced the completion of their previously announced merger. As a result of the merger, QEPM is now a wholly owned subsidiary of TLLP and its common units will cease trading on the New York Stock Exchange. TLLP common units will continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "TLLP."
"We are pleased to announce the closing of the merger of QEPM into TLLP," said Greg Goff, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of TLLP's general partner. "This completes our acquisition of the Rockies natural gas business and allows us to continue forward with our integrated logistics strategy."
TLLP had previously purchased the general partner of QEPM as well as an approximately 56% limited partner interest in and all of the incentive distribution rights of QEPM on December 2, 2014. Under the terms of the merger agreement, unitholders of QEPM (other than QEPM's general partner and its affiliates) are entitled to receive 0.3088 TLLP common units for each QEPM common unit.  Cash will be paid to QEPM common unitholders in lieu of any fractional units they otherwise would have been entitled to receive.
About Tesoro Logistics LP
Tesoro Logistics LP is a leading full-service logistics company operating primarily in the western and mid-continent regions of the United States. TLLP owns and operates a network of over 3,500 miles of crude oil, refined products and natural gas pipelines. TLLP also owns and operates 28 crude oil and refined products truck and marine terminals and has over 9 million barrels of storage capacity. In addition, TLLP owns and operates four natural gas processing complexes and one fractionation facility. TLLP is a fee-based, growth oriented Delaware limited partnership formed by Tesoro Corporation and is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.
Certain statements and information in this communication may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "intend," "foresee," "should," "would," "could," "attempt," "appears," "forecast," "outlook," "estimate," "project," "potential," "may," "will," "are likely" and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us.
Although we believe the assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those made, projected, or implied in or by the forward-looking statements depending on a variety of uncertainties or other factors including, but not limited to, changes in the expected benefits of our transactions relating to our acquisitions from Tesoro and acquisitions from third parties, including our acquisition of QEP Field Services, LLC and the merger with QEPM, or our ability to integrate the operations we acquired in such transactions. For more information concerning factors that could affect these statements see our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances that occur, or which we become aware of, after the date hereof.
Contact:
Investors:
Evan Barbosa, Investor Relations Manager, (210) 626-7202
Media:
Tesoro Media Relations, media@tsocorp.com, (210) 626-7702
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130904/LA74347LOGO
 
 SOURCE  QEP Midstream Partners, LP  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.qepm.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  

















Jul 21, 2015, 16:15 ET
Preview: QEP Midstream Partners, LP Unitholders Approve Merger with Tesoro Logistics LP








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




















 



 QEP Midstream Partners, LP Unitholders Approve Merger with Tesoro Logistics LP 
         










    










 






 











 









QEP Midstream Partners, LP Unitholders Approve Merger with Tesoro Logistics LP

Jul 21, 2015, 16:15 ET
		  		  					
						 from   QEP Midstream Partners, LP 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







QEP Midstream Partners, LP logo.    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




QEP Midstream Partners, LP logo.
 


 

 




 





 


SAN ANTONIO, July 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Tesoro Logistics LP (NYSE:  TLLP) ("TLLP") and QEP Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:  QEPM) ("QEPM") today announced the approval of the merger of QEPM with TLLP during a unitholder meeting held today in San Antonio. Over 64% of the QEPM common units entitled to vote and held by unitholders other than QEP Midstream Partners GP, LLC ("QEPM GP") and its affiliates were cast in favor of the merger. TLLP, who indirectly holds all of QEPM's subordinated units, approved the merger by written consent. The merger required approval of at least a majority of the outstanding common units of QEPM held by unitholders other than QEPM GP and its affiliates. 
Under the terms of the merger agreement, unitholders of QEPM (other than QEPM GP and its affiliates) are entitled to receive 0.3088 TLLP common units for each QEPM common unit. Cash will be paid to QEPM unitholders in lieu of any fractional units they otherwise would have been entitled to receive in accordance with the merger agreement. 
About Tesoro Logistics LP
Tesoro Logistics LP is a leading full-service logistics company operating primarily in the western and mid-continent regions of the United States. TLLP owns and operates a network of over 3,500 miles of crude oil, refined products and natural gas pipelines. TLLP also owns and operates 28 crude oil and refined products truck and marine terminals and has over 9 million barrels of storage capacity. In addition, TLLP owns and operates four natural gas processing complexes and one fractionation facility. TLLP is a fee-based, growth oriented Delaware limited partnership formed by Tesoro Corporation and is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.
Certain statements and information in this communication may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "intend," "foresee," "should," "would," "could," "attempt," "appears," "forecast," "outlook," "estimate," "project," "potential," "may," "will," "are likely" and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us.
Although we believe the assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those made, projected, or implied in or by the forward-looking statements depending on a variety of uncertainties or other factors including, but not limited to, changes in the expected benefits of our transactions relating to our acquisitions from Tesoro and acquisitions from third parties, including our acquisition of QEP Field Services, LLC and the proposed business combination with QEPM, or our ability to integrate the operations we expect to acquire in such transactions, and our ability to consummate the proposed business combination with QEPM and any anticipated financing transactions in connection therewith. For more information concerning factors that could affect these statements see our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances that occur, or which we become aware of, after the date hereof.
Contact:
Investors:
Evan Barbosa, Investor Relations Manager, (210) 626-7202
Media:
Tesoro Media Relations, media@tsocorp.com, (210) 626-7702
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130904/LA74347LOGO
 
 SOURCE  QEP Midstream Partners, LP  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.qepm.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jul 22, 2015, 09:49 ET
Preview: Tesoro Logistics LP and QEP Midstream Partners, LP Complete Merger




















Apr 23, 2015, 16:30 ET
Preview: QEP Midstream Partners, LP Announces Quarterly Distribution








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











QEP Midstream Partners LP Tax Package Support

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  QEPM Stock Quote - QEP Midstream Partners LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  QEP Midstream Partners LP   QEPM:US      Acquired   QEPM:US was acquired by 1237741D:US   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   1.09    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   26.753    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Energy   % Price Change +0.99%     Industry Energy   % Price Change +0.99%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   QEP Midstream Partners, LP owns, operates, acquires and develops midstream energy assets. The Company's assets consist of gathering systems and pipelines, through which natural gas and crude oil gathering and transportation services are provided.    Address  1050 17th Street, Suite 500Denver, COUnited States   Phone  -   Website   www.qepm.com     Executives Board Members    Phillip M Anderson  President      Brad S Lakhia   VP/Treasurer      Charles S Parrish   VP/Secretary/General Counsel    Tracy Dawn Jackson  VP/Controller      Don J Sorensen   VP:Operations     Show More         










































About Us



Administration


Alumni


Awards & Rankings


Diversity


In Memoriam


Media Coverage


News


Pro Bono & Community Service


Retired Partners


Sustainability Initiative


Women Enriching Business




Online Resources


Languages

中文     Deutsch EnglishEspañolFrançais日本語한국어Pусский




People Finder



Find a person by name or search via surname initial





Quick search


ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ






































 


Industries








		Latham & Watkins meets clients’ needs by understanding the industries in which they operate.  
	





IN THIS SECTION






Aerospace, Defense & Government Services


Automotive


Cleantech


Communications


Energy - Oil & Gas


Energy - Power


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Financial Institutions


FinTech


Healthcare Services & Providers






Hospitality, Gaming & Leisure


Industrials & Manufacturing


Information Technology – Systems & Solutions


Internet & Digital Media


Life Sciences


Mining & Metals


REITs


Retail & Consumer Products


Semiconductors





Go to Industries Section 







Practices








Activism


Africa Practice


Antitrust & Competition


Australia Practice


Banking


Benefits, Compensation & Employment


Capital Markets


CFIUS & US National Security


Communications Law






Complex Commercial Litigation


Corporate Governance


Creditors Rights & Bankruptcy Litigation


Derivatives


Emerging Companies


Entertainment, Sports & Media


Environment, Land & Resources


Export Controls, Economic Sanctions & Customs


Financial Regulatory






Government Contracts


Greater China Practice


Healthcare & Life Sciences


India Practice


Indonesia Practice


Information Law, Data Privacy & Cybersecurity


Insurance Coverage Litigation


Intellectual Property Litigation


International Arbitration






Investment Funds


Islamic Finance


Israel Practice


Korea Practice


Latin America Practice


Litigation & Trial Practice


Mergers & Acquisitions


Nordic Practice


Oil & Gas Transactions






Private Equity


Private Equity Finance


Product Liability, Mass Torts & Consumer Class Actions


Project Development & Finance


Public & Tax-Exempt Finance


Public Company Representation


Real Estate


Restructuring, Insolvency & Workouts


Securities Litigation & Professional Liability






Structured Finance


Supreme Court & Appellate


Tax


Technology Transactions


Turkey Practice


White Collar Defense & Investigations





Go to Practices Section







Knowledge Library








		Latham & Watkins provides first-class thought leadership across practices and industries, locally and globally.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Blogs


Book of Jargon® & Apps


Events


Presentations


Thought Leadership


Videos


Webcasts & Podcasts







VIDEO


WORD OF THE DAY® – Side-Car
Partner Dominic Newcomb explains the term Side-Car from the Book of Jargon® – European Capital Markets and Bank Finance.

view





UPCOMING EVENT


Social Entrepreneurship Legal Clinic
Offering an opportunity to discuss legal issues impacting social entrepreneurs.

Washington, D.C., USA

Read more



Go to Knowledge Library 







Global Directory








		Located in business centers across the globe, the lawyers of Latham & Watkins come from all regions of the world to practice within its fully integrated, one-firm structure.
	





IN THIS SECTION






Find Our People


Latham Around the World - Map View


Latham Around the World - List View








Our OfficesOur People









Join Us







Events







close x


January 2000



Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa





















































Home|Practices|Master Limited Partnerships|QEP Midstream Partners, LP





MLP List


MLP 101


Raising Capital


M&A Activity


Material Agreements


Governance


Taxes


Latham Expertise


Resources


Yieldco List


Foreign Private Issuer List





QEP Midstream Partners, LP
QEP Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE: QEPM) is a limited partnership formed by QEP Resources, Inc. (NYSE: QEP) to own, operate, acquire and develop midstream energy assets. QEP Midstream’s primary assets consist of ownership interests in four gathering systems and two FERC-regulated pipelines through which the partnership provides natural gas and crude oil gathering and transportation services. These assets are located in, or are within close proximity to, the Green River Basin located in Wyoming and Colorado, the Uinta Basin located in eastern Utah, and the portion of the Williston Basin located in North Dakota.










                            December 02, 2014
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – Credit Agreement
                            





 







                            December 02, 2014
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – First Amended and Restated Omnibus Agreement
                            





 







                            May 07, 2014
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – Purchase Agreement
                            





 







                            August 14, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – Contribution Agreement
                            





 







                            August 14, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – Credit Agreement
                            





 







                            August 14, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – First Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement
                            





 







                            August 14, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – Omnibus Agreement
                            





 







                            August 08, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – IPO Prospectus
                            





 







                            August 08, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – Long Term Incentive Plan
                            





 







                            August 01, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP –  Conflicts Committee Charter
                            





 







                            August 01, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – Audit Committee Charter
                            





 







                            August 01, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – Code of Ethics
                            





 







                            August 01, 2013
                        
view
  




                                QEP Midstream Partners, LP – Governance Guidelines
                            





 




 






 


© 2017 Latham & Watkins

Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

Attorney Advertising & Terms of Use|Mobile Site|Privacy and Cookies|Site Map

Hiring Scam Warning  |
                









Notice: We appreciate your interest in Latham & Watkins. If your inquiry relates to a legal matter and you are not already a current client of the firm, please do not transmit any confidential information to us. Before taking on a representation, we must determine whether we are in a position to assist you and agree on the terms and conditions of engagement with you. Until we have completed such steps, we will not be deemed to have a lawyer-client relationship with you, and will have no duty to keep confidential the information we receive from you. Thank you for your understanding.



Cancel
Accept







		We use cookies to make the experience of our website better. By using our website, your consent to the use of cookies is deemed to be given. To understand more about how we use cookies, please see our Privacy and Cookies Policy.
	























QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP (QEPM) IPO - NASDAQ.com


































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP (QEPM) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP


Company Address
19100 RIDGEWOOD PARKWAYSAN ANTONIO, TX 78259


Company Phone
210-626-6000


Company Website
www.qepm.com


CEO
Charles B. Stanley


Employees  (as of 8/9/2013) 
0


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (8/9/2013)


Proposed Symbol
QEPM


Exchange
New York Stock Exchange


Share Price
$21.00


Shares Offered
20,000,000


Offer Amount
$420,000,000.00


Total Expenses
$3,000,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
26,705,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
2/5/2014


Quiet Period Expiration
9/18/2013


CIK
0001576044




We expect to receive net proceeds of approximately $391.8 million from the sale
of 20,000,000 common units offered by this prospectus, based on an initial
public offering price of $21.00 per common unit, after deducting underwriting
discounts and estimated offering expenses. We intend to use these proceeds as
follows:

. make a cash distribution to QEP of $272.2 million, a portion of which will 
  be used to reimburse QEP for certain capital expenditures it incurred with 
  respect to assets contributed to us;                                       

. contribute $114.0 million to QEP Operating, which will use those funds to  
  repay all $114.0 million of its outstanding debt;                          

. pay revolving credit facility origination fees of $3.5 million; and

. pay Wells Fargo Securities, LLC a structuring fee of $2.1 million.

As of March 31, 2013, QEP Operating, our wholly owned subsidiary, had
approximately $114.0 million of debt outstanding, comprised of intercompany
loans from QEP that bear interest at 6.05% and are due March 31, 2014 and 2017,
respectively. QEP Operating assumed this intercompany debt in connection with
this offering. The outstanding indebtedness was incurred to primarily fund
capital expenditures.

The net proceeds from any exercise by the underwriters of their option to
purchase additional common units will be used to redeem from QEP a number of
common units equal to the number of common units issued upon exercise of the
option at a price per common unit equal to the net proceeds per common unit in
this offering before expenses but after deducting underwriting discounts and the
structuring fee. Accordingly, any exercise of the underwriters’ option will not
affect the total number of units outstanding or the amount of cash needed to pay
the minimum quarterly distribution on all units.

The underwriters may, from time to time, engage in transactions with and perform
services for us and our affiliates in the ordinary course of business.


The oil and natural gas gathering business is very competitive. Our competitors
include other midstream companies, producers and intrastate and interstate
pipelines. Competition for oil and natural gas volumes is primarily based on
reputation, commercial terms, reliability, service levels, flexibility, access
to markets, location, available capacity, capital expenditures and fuel
efficiencies. Our principal competitors are Enterprise Products Partners, L.P.,
Western Gas and The Williams Companies, Inc.

In addition to competing for oil and natural gas volumes, we face competition
for customer markets, which is primarily based on the proximity of pipelines to
the markets, price and assurance of supply.

As a result of our contractual relationship with QEP under our gathering
agreements, we believe that our gathering systems and other midstream assets
will not face significant competition from other pipelines for QEP’s crude oil,
natural gas or products transportation requirements.
---

Under our partnership agreement, QEP and its affiliates are expressly permitted
to compete with us. QEP and any of its affiliates may acquire, construct or
dispose of additional gathering systems or other midstream assets in the future
without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to purchase or construct
those assets.


Company Description
We are a limited partnership recently formed by QEP Resources, Inc. (NYSE: QEP)
to own, operate, acquire and develop midstream energy assets. Our primary assets
consist of ownership interests in four gathering systems and two FERC-regulated
pipelines through which we provide natural gas and crude


 oil gathering and
transportation services. Our assets are located in, or are within close
proximity to, the Green River Basin located in Wyoming and Colorado, the Uinta
Basin located in eastern Utah, and the portion of the Williston Basin located in
North Dakota. As of and for the three months ended March 31, 2013, our gathering
systems had 1,507 miles of pipeline and an average gross throughput of 1.6
million MMBtu/d of natural gas and 17,414 Bbls/d of crude oil. We believe our
customers are some of the largest natural gas producers in the Rocky Mountain
region, including QEP, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (Anadarko), EOG Resources,
Inc. (EOG), Questar Corporation (Questar) and Ultra Resources, Inc. (Ultra).

We provide all of our gathering services through fee-based agreements, the
majority of which have annual inflation adjustment mechanisms. For the three
months ended March 31, 2013, approximately 71% of our revenues were generated
pursuant to contracts with remaining terms in excess of seven years, including
56% of our revenues that were generated pursuant to “life-of-reserves”
contracts. In addition to our fee-based gathering services, for the three months
ended March 31, 2013, approximately 6% of our revenue was generated through the
sale of condensate volumes that we collect on our gathering systems. For the 
three months ended March 31, 2013, approximately 50% of our natural gas 
gathering volumes and approximately 33% of our crude oil volumes were comprised
of production owned by QEP, making QEP our largest customer.

We have secured significant acreage dedications from several of our largest
customers, including QEP. We believe that drilling activity on acreage dedicated
to us should maintain or increase our existing throughput levels and offset the
natural production declines of the wells currently connected to our gathering
systems. Pursuant to the terms of those agreements, our customers have dedicated
all of the oil and natural gas production they own or control from (i) wells
that are currently connected to our gathering systems and located within the
acreage dedication and (ii) future wells that are drilled during the term of the
applicable gathering contract and located within the dedicated acreage as our
gathering systems currently exist and as they are expanded to connect to
additional wells.

We believe that one of our principal strengths is our relationship with QEP. QEP
is engaged in crude oil and natural gas exploration and production (E&P)
activities, as well as midstream activities related to its E&P operations. For
the year ended December 31, 2012, QEP reported 3.9 Tcfe of total net proved
reserves and total net production of 319.2 Bcfe, representing a 9% and a 16%
increase, respectively, in proved reserves and production as compared to the
year ended December 31, 2011. We believe this relationship will provide us with
the opportunity to increase throughput volumes from QEP production in areas
where we have gathering systems.

To help facilitate the growth of its E&P operations, QEP invested over $1.1
billion in midstream infrastructure from 2007 through 2012. Following the
completion of this offering and the transactions contemplated thereby, QEP will
continue to own a substantial portfolio of other midstream assets. QEP intends
for us to be the primary growth vehicle for its midstream business. As a result,
we believe QEP will offer us the opportunity to purchase additional midstream
assets from it, although it is under no obligation to offer to sell us
additional assets, and we do not know when, or if, QEP will make any such offer.

-----

Our principal executive offices are located at 1050 17th Street, Suite 500, 
Denver, Colorado 80265, and our telephone number is (303) 672-6900. Our website
will be located at www.qepm.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$40,100,000


Net Income
$16,000,000


Total Assets
$709,800,000






Total Liabilities
$130,500,000


Stockholders' Equity
$532,500,000


View all Company Financials for QEPM


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 6 Total: 6
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP
424B4
8/9/2013
Filing



QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP
S-1/A
8/1/2013
Filing



QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP
S-1/A
7/29/2013
Filing



QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP
S-1/A
7/26/2013
Filing



QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP
S-1/A
7/3/2013
Filing



QEP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP
S-1
5/9/2013
Filing



View all SEC Filings for QEPM




Experts


Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


Company Counsel
Latham & Watkins LLP


Lead Underwriter
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC


Lead Underwriter
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC


Transfer Agent
Wells Fargo Shareowner Services


Underwriter
BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC


Underwriter
BMO Capital Markets Corp


Underwriter
CIBC World Markets Corp


Underwriter
Citigroup Global Markets Inc


Underwriter
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc


Underwriter
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.


Underwriter
Goldman, Sachs & Co


Underwriter
Goldman, Sachs & Co.


Underwriter
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC


Underwriter
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC


Underwriter
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.


Underwriter
Piper Jaffray & Co.


Underwriter
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc


Underwriter
TD Securities (USA) LLC


Underwriter Counsel
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P


Underwriter Counsel
Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.









News for QEPM









                        MLPs Fall In The Woods
                    

8/28/2016 5:15:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Everything On Energy: M&As, Resources, Short Selling, Expert Opinion And Potential Investment Candidates
                    

12/8/2015 1:36:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Why Did Crude Surge More Than 10%, And Why Is It Continuing To Move?
                    

8/28/2015 5:06:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Heavy Debt Loads And The Falling Price Of Crude, Will Spark Mergers And Acquisitions Going Forward
                    

7/23/2015 1:52:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Tallgrass Energy Partners, Pembina Pipeline, Tesoro Logistics and QEP Midstream Partners - Press Releases
                    

6/24/2015 9:30:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        3 Midstream Energy Stocks Brokers Love Right Now - Analyst Blog
                    

6/23/2015 10:38:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for April 30, 2015
                    

4/29/2015 9:00:03 AM - NASDAQ.com News



                        Company News for April 08, 2015 - Corporate Summary
                    

4/8/2015 10:10:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Energy Sector Update for 04/07/2015: QEPM,TLLP,MPET,GEL
                    

4/7/2015 1:50:59 PM - MT Newswires



                        QEP Midstream Partners, LP (QEPM) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for January 30, 2015
                    

1/29/2015 10:00:04 AM - NASDAQ.com News



                        Today In SA PRO: Tuesday, January 20
                    

1/21/2015 5:00:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        ExxonMobil Progresses with Appraisal of $21B LNG Project - Analyst Blog
                    

1/13/2015 12:40:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Statoil to Extend Operations at Norne Field Till 2030 - Analyst Blog
                    

1/12/2015 4:50:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Eni Inks Agreement to Operate in Egypt's Western Desert - Analyst Blog
                    

1/12/2015 12:50:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Sanchez Energy Cuts 2015 Capex by 60% on Pricing Woes - Analyst Blog
                    

1/9/2015 1:20:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Pioneer's 1Q15 Output & Costs Affected by Severe Winters - Analyst Blog
                    

1/9/2015 12:30:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Energen's Permian Basin Operations Hurt by Winter Storm - Analyst Blog
                    

1/8/2015 3:50:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Statoil Awards Seven Service Contracts for $640.38 Million - Analyst Blog
                    

1/8/2015 3:00:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Shell Agrees to Pay $83M for Nigerian Oil Spill Settlement - Analyst Blog
                    

1/7/2015 6:20:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Chevron Makes Another Oil Discovery in the Gulf of Mexico - Analyst Blog
                    

1/7/2015 2:50:00 PM - Zacks.com




 Subscribe


                More QEPM News & Commentary



                Read QEPM Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6382.19


-40.56
 ▼ 
0.63%





DJIA

21796.55


85.54
 ▲ 
0.39%





S&P 500

2475.42


-2.41
 ▼ 
0.10%










Data as of Jul 27, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            DSP Group to Participate at the Canaccord Genuity Growth Conference
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            KVH Industries to Host Second Quarter Conference Call on August 2, 2017
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            WisdomTree Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Cesca Therapeutics Announces Issuance of New Cellular Processing Patent Poised to Revolutionize CAR
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































