










 













 




QMC Telecom International Holdings, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:13 AM ET
Diversified Telecommunication Services

Company Overview of QMC Telecom International Holdings, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
QMC Telecom International Holdings, LLC develops, builds, and acquires cell towers in Latin America. It develops, owns, acquires, manages, and operates rooftops, macro sites. and DAS wireless infrastructure solutions in Brazil, Puerto Rico, and Mexico. The company was formerly known as QMC Telecom International Holdings Group, LLC. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in San Juan, Brazil with an additional office in Sao Paulo, Brazil.


Avenue de la Constitucion #450Condominio Torre de la ReinaSuite 203San Juan, PR 00908United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 787-721-3953

Fax: 787-625-8134

www.qmctelecom.com







Key Executives for QMC Telecom International Holdings, LLC




Mr. Rafael A. Somoza


      	Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder, and Director
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Jose R. Stella


      	Chief Financial Officer, Co-Founder, and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Com, Inc. United States 1-800-RECONEX, Inc. United States 123.Net Inc. United States 1800Prepaid United States 186 Communications, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 9, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact QMC Telecom International Holdings, LLC, please visit www.qmctelecom.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























qmc telecom international holdings llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Telecom
Sub-Industry: Telecom Carriers





Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC
                    

•   SAN JUAN, PR
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             QMC Telecom International Holdings is based out of San Juan.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-09.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




qmc telecom international holdings, llc


AVE. DE LA CONSTITUCION #450

SAN JUAN
PR
                                                        
                                                    00908


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      787 721 3953







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 11/09/2016
D filed on 01/08/2015
D filed on 01/03/2012
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-09
D
TELECOMMUNICATIONS

      Equity
    
75,000,000
0
75,000,000


2015-01-08
D
TELECOMMUNICATIONS

      Equity
    
100,000,000
75,500,000
24,500,000


2012-01-03
D
TELECOMMUNICATIONS

      Equity
    
60,000,000
3,750,000
56,250,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ARTHUR   PATTERSON

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



CHRISTOPHER   TORTO

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



GERALD   RISK

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



JOHN   LOCKE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



JOSE R.  STELLA

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



MARK G.  HILDERBRAND

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



RAFAEL A.  SOMOZA

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



WILLIAM N.  THORNDIKE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware - THE CORPORATION TRUST COMPANY - Business Profiles




















Business Profile

Document Delivery
API
About





 

 

 Companies
 Officers

 








Home  /  
Delaware
  /  
QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC





Account  


Login


Sign Up






Saved

0




Cart

0













QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC


 Delaware

 DE-5043131
 



 Unknown



QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC was formed on 2011-09-26 in Delaware by THE CORPORATION TRUST COMPANY. Its status is not known.




Save Profile  










FORMATION DETAILS


Registration Number: 5043131
Type: Limited Liability Company
Status: Unknown
Date of Formation: 2011-09-26




OFFICERS



THE CORPORATION TRUST COMPANY
Registered Agent





FILINGS AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE







Certificate of Status $70.00




 
About our Document Delivery service





RELATED COMPANIES



QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC
(Delaware)


QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC
(Delaware)


QMC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC
(Delaware)





DID YOU KNOW?



Many types of professions in Delaware are subject to the Division of Professional Regulation. They have 35 boards and commissions regulating 53 different professions, trades, and events, such as gaming, acupuncture, physical therapy, home inspectors, real estate, medical malpractice, and mixed martial arts.

















Home
Document Delivery
API
About

© 2017, Business Profiles Inc.
Business Profile





USA
Europe
Asia & Pacific
Americas





Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California




Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida




Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana




Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine




Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi




Missouri


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New York




North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon




Pennsylvania


Puerto Rico


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee




Texas


Utah


Virginia


Washington


Wyoming






Croatia


Denmark


Estonia




Finland


France




Germany


Gibraltar




Ireland


Isle of Man




Luxembourg


Netherlands




Norway


Poland




Slovenia


Spain




Sweden


Switzerland




Turkey


United Kingdom






Australia




Hong Kong




India




New Zealand




Singapore




Thailand












Canada




Colombia




Dominican Republic




Jamaica




Jersey




Mexico




Nova Scotia




Panama




Quebec














Arthur Patterson - Member, Board of Directors at QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Arthur Patterson
Member, Board of Directors at QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Boards & Committees 


Arthur Patterson
Member, Board of Directors at QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC



 Overview



Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 9 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Rafael A. Somoza

Co-Founder at QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC




José R. Stella

Limited Partner at Sequential Capital Partners LLC





John K. Locke

Partner at Accel Partners LLC




Christopher Torto

Director at QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC





John Locke

Member, Board of Directors at QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC




Arthur C. Patterson

Co-Founder at Accel Partners LLC





Mark G. Hilderbrand

Managing Director at Housatonic Management Co., Inc.




Will Thorndike

Co-Founder at Housatonic Management Co., Inc.





Gerald Alan Risk

Select Individual Investor at Auxo Management LP






 Paths to Arthur Patterson



            Arthur Patterson          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Arthur Patterson






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Arthur Patterson.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC

                    QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC owns and operates wireless infrastructure. It develops, owns, acquires and manages rooftops, macro sites and Distributed Antenna Systems solutions in Brazil, Colombia, Puerto Rico and Mexico. The company was founded in 2008 by Jose R. Stella and Rafael A. Somoza and is headquartered in Sao Paulo, Brazil.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Arthur Patterson is affiliated with
                            QMC Telecom International Holdings LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















Housatonic Partners





















 





 













 























Buyouts
Within our target industries (recurring services, media and communications), Housatonic Partners will selectively invest in buyouts backing both new and incumbent management teams. As an experienced partner with over $1 billion of capital under management, we can add financial clout and sophistication to seasoned managers looking to acquire companies.
In every transaction we hope to forge lasting, long-term relationships with our portfolio company managers. Accordingly, the managers in Housatonic-led buyouts typically receive significant equity stakes in their companies while retaining daily operating control.
Representative Buyout Investments







365 Main: In August  2012,  Housatonic led the formation of 365 Main through the carve-out acquisition of  16 U.S.-based data centers from Equinix, Inc. (EQIX). The investment was  made in partnership with an experienced management team that previously  operated a data center business under the same name serving 39 megawatts of  power to over 200 customers. 365 Main ensures continuity of  mission-critical operations for retail customers through 24/7/365 connectivity  and security, high-touch service, and national reach.
back to top







Access Information Management: In December  2004,  Housatonic Partners made an investment in Access Information Management, a San  Francisco Bay Area based, full service records and information management firm.  Since that date, Access has acquired over twenty-five records management  companies and now operates in markets throughout the U.S. The company  provides off-site records storage, electronic data protection, secure  destruction services and digital imaging solutions. In August 2011, Access was sold to Summit Partners.
back to top






Aegis Treatment Centers: In January 2014, Housatonic invested with management  in Aegis Treatment Centers. The company is one of the leading providers of  behavioral health medicine, delivering an expansive set of services to more  than 5,700 patients per day.
back to top






Aircraft Fasteners International: In October  2007, Housatonic invested with management in  the acquisition of Aircraft Fasteners International, LLC.  AFI is an industry leading niche provider of  locknuts, threaded inserts and other high performance hardware used in the  aerospace, electronics and defense industries.
back to top







Asurion: Housatonic Partners participated in the original acquisition to form Asurion in 1995, and invested in the company again in 2000.  Now with over 50 million customers, Asurion has grown to be the North American leader in enhanced services for the wireless industry, including handset insurance, data protection and roadside assistance. In April 2001, July 2007 and March 2016, Housatonic sold a portion of its interest in Asurion to a financial buyer.
back to top







California Communications: In September 2004, Housatonic Partners and entrepreneur Dex Allen formed California Communications, LLC to acquire and operate community newspapers in southern California.  The company publishes The Rancho Santa Fe Review, The Carmel Valley News, The Del Mar Village Voice, and San Diego Premier Properties & Lifestyles.
back to top







Cambridge Communications: In June 1996, Housatonic Partners participated in the formation of Cambridge Communications, LP, a partnership established to acquire a predecessor company. Cambridge operated rural cable television systems in New Mexico, Oregon and Washington. Co-investors in this transaction included Alta Communications and BancBoston Capital. In May  1999, Cambridge Communications was sold to USA Media.
back to top







Central Valley Cable: In December  1998, Housatonic Partners made an investment in Central Valley Cable, LLC. CVC owns and operates 5 cable television systems in central California serving over 8500 subscribers.  In September 2004, 85% of CVC's subscribers were sold to Comcast Corporation.
back to top







Convergent Broadcasting: Housatonic Partners and management formed Convergent Broadcasting in 2002 to acquire and operate clusters of radio stations in smaller markets.  The company currently owns a cluster of FM stations in Corpus Christi, TX.
back to top







Event Rentals: In July  1997, Housatonic Partners made an investment in Event Rentals, Inc. (ERI), a company established to pursue a regional consolidation in the party supply rental industry. ERI made acquisitions in a number of markets in the western US.  In May 2003, ERI was sold to a financial buyer.
back to top







Diamond Rental: In April 2000, Housatonic participated in the purchase of Diamond Rental of Salt Lake City, Utah. Diamond is the largest party and equipment rental business in Utah. In April 2007, Diamond  was sold to a financial buyer.
back to top







Fastener Distribution Holdings: In August 2014, Housatonic Partners made an  investment in Fastener Distribution Holdings (FDH).  FDH is a Holding Company investing in leading  suppliers in the fastener distribution market. FDH is primarily focused on the  aerospace fastener industry and their products are mainly used in structural  aerospace assemblies and avionics applications.
back to top






The Governance Institute: In April 2000, Housatonic purchased The Governance Institute (TGI). TGI is the leading provider of information services to the boards of directors, medical leaders and top management of non-profit hospitals.  In May 2006, TGI was sold to National Research Corporation.
back to top






HemaSource: In February  2010, Housatonic invested in HemaSource, the   leading provider of medical consumables to the plasma and   whole blood collection industries.  Through   its proprietary online ordering and inventory management   platform, HemaSource reduces costs and maximizes efficiency for its   customers. In July 2014, Hemasource was sold to a financial buyer.   
back to top







Healthcare Financial Resources: In October 2014, Housatonic Partners invested  with management in the acquisition of HFRI, LLC. HFRI provides revenue cycle  management solutions to hospitals throughout the U.S.  
back to top






Learner's Digest International: In January 2008, LDI,  formed by Housatonic, acquired and consolidated two businesses formerly owned  by the California Medical Association, each with  decades of history serving healthcare clinicians and scientific researchers:  Audio-Digest Foundation and Marathon Multimedia. The combined company,  through a leading data information management service, makes essential clinical  and scientific information accessible to healthcare professionals by providing  high-quality, convenient, and affordable continuing professional education to  meet the growing requirements to learn and improve patient care within medical  and scientific communities. 
back to top






Marathon Media: In November 1998, Housatonic made an investment in Chicago-based Marathon Media, LP. The company acquires and operates radio stations in rural markets in the upper Midwest and Mountain states.
back to top







MedOptions: In February of 2006, Housatonic invested in a management buyout of MedOptions, the largest provider of behavioral health and primary medical care services to skilled nursing and assisted living facility residents in Connecticut and Rhode Island.  MedOptions delivers improved patient outcomes and quality of life while improving facility operating performance, including reduced hospital readmissions and ER visits, improved staff/physician/family satisfaction, reduced drug expenses and increased reimbursement.
back to top







ONRAD: In February 2009, Housatonic provided ONRAD with a growth equity investment.  Based in Riverside, California, ONRAD is a leading teleradiology company, offering remote read capabilities to hospitals, radiology groups, and imaging centers.  With all of its doctors on US soil, ONRAD focuses on delivering outsourced "final" interpretations, a rapidly growing area within teleradiology.

back to top






OnRamp Access: In September 2009, Housatonic   participated in the acquisition of OnRamp Access, LLC.  Founded in 1994 and based in   Austin, Texas, OnRamp is a leading provider of data center co-location services,   managed servers, and virtual private clouds for small to medium businesses as   well as larger customers.
back to top






Precis Communications: In February 2002, Housatonic made an investment in Denver-based Precis Communications.  The company is focused on acquiring cable television systems in small towns and rural communities.  The company has over 10,000 subscribers in southern and central Utah.
back to top







Pyramid Research: In October  2001, Housatonic acquired Pyramid Research from The Economist.  Founded in 1986, Pyramid Research provides international market analysis and consulting services to the global communications industry. The company was sold to United Business Media, LLC in September 2008.
back to top







QMC Telecom International Holdings: In December 2011, Housatonic acquired a majority interest in QMC Telecom International Holdings, LLC.   QMC was formed to develop, build, and acquire cell towers in Latin America with an initial focus in Brazil and Mexico.
back to top






Rapid Cable: Rapid was formed in 2002 by management and Housatonic, along with Alta Communications and Columbia Capital.  Rapid has since acquired, and is upgrading and operating, cable systems in small to mid-sized markets throughout the U.S.   Housatonic Partners had previously sponsored this management team in a prior company beginning in 1995; this earlier company, Rapid Communications Partners, L.P., acquired three groups of rural cable systems in the Midwest, and was sold in 1999 and 2000.
back to top






Registria: In December  2012,  Housatonic led the formation of Registria LLC through the acquisition and  consolidation of two providers of data-driven marketing and e-commerce  solutions across a single Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform. The  combined entity provides registration, life-cycle marketing, 

      e-commerce, and  service solutions through multiple online and offline channels. These  offerings allow consumer products manufacturers to engage with customers and  deliver a richer experience that grows revenue and brand preference.
back to top







Service Source: In January 2003, Housatonic invested in ServiceSource, the leading outsourced sales solution focused exclusively on maintenance and support services.  ServiceSource drives untapped revenue on behalf of its North American and European customers by increasing renewal rates, upselling into higher support offerings and cross-selling additional product opportunities. ServiceSource completed its initial public offering in March 2011 (NASDAW: SREV).
back to top








TELAV: In August 1999, Housatonic participated in a recapitalization of TELAV, Inc. TELAV is a Canadian company which provides audio, visual and staging support to more than 40,000 events per year throughout North America.  In June of 2001, TELAV merged with AVW Audio Visual of Dallas, Texas to form AVW-TELAV Audio Visual Solutions.  In August 2003, TELAV was sold to Freeman Communications.
back to top







Vox Communications: In June  2005, Housatonic and management formed Vox Communications to acquire, build and operate clusters of radio stations in small-to-medium sized markets in the Eastern United States.  Vox is currently operating radio station clusters in Massachusetts, Virginia, and Florida.
back to top






West Coast Clinical Trials: In November 2011,  Housatonic Partners invested in West Coast Clinical  Trials, LLC (WCCT), a contract research organization supporting early phase  biopharmaceutical development. WCCT specializes in complex Phase I-IIa  special population studies, which assess a drug’s efficacy and dosage  requirements within a particular subset of a larger population.
back to top






 WSF  Holding Group: In May 2005, Housatonic and management formed South  Florida Media Group to acquire and operate community media properties. In June 2009,  South Florida Media Group became a wholly-owned subsidiary of WSF Holding Group  and simultaneously formed SFM Acquisition and acquired Welcome Wagon  International, the world's largest welcoming service to the new  homeowner. In June 2010, the assets of South Florida Media Group were  sold to three independent buyers allowing management to focus exclusively on  the Welcome Wagon brand. The company was sold to Money Mailer in May 2014.
back to top






 ZircoDATA: In October  2016, Housatonic acquired the legacy Australian operations of Iron Mountain  (NYSE: IRM), an enterprise information management services company.  Now doing business as ZircoDATA, the company  provides a comprehensive range of records storage, scanning, data capture and  document management solutions.  ZircoDATA  serves over 1,500 clients from 18 facilities located across Australia.
back to top


 




















Home | Legal / Privacy 
Copyright © 2007   Housatonic Partners.




