




















 



 QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome at the Alzheimer’s Disease 
         










    










 













 











 



















QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome at the Alzheimer's Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)
        																																												
              

          Prevention or Treatment of Alzheimer's disease in Down Syndrome through Translational Inhibition of Amyloid Precursor Protein (APP)
        
















 News provided by
QR Pharma, Inc.  
Jul 12, 2017, 08:30 ET









 Share this article



























































BERWYN, Pa., July 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- QR Pharma, Inc., a privately held phase 2 biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for the treatment of Alzheimer's (AD), Parkinson's (PD) and other neurodegenerative diseases, today announced the presentation at AAIC London of its data in Down Syndrome cells and mice. The talk is scheduled for Wednesday, July 19, 2017 at 8:30-9:00. 


The presentation highlights studies conducted by investigators from The University of California in San Diego (Mobley Laboratory) and Los Angeles (John Laboratory) characterizing the effects of Posiphen in healthy versus diseased Down Syndrome cells and mice. Down syndrome has a triplication of chromosome 21 and chromosome 21 contains the APP gene; triplication of the APP gene results in high levels of APP. Posiphen lowers the levels of APP and its fragments and restores vesicle transport, neurotransmitter release and therefore may prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease in Down syndrome and in Alzheimer's patients in general.  
"The observed development of Alzheimer's disease in adults with Down Syndrome has been an area of increased study as the life expectancy of adults with Down Syndrome has extended. The data generated in these studies demonstrates Posiphen's ability to downregulate elevated APP levels in well understood in vitro and in vivo disease models of Down Syndrome," noted Richard Fitzgerald, QR Pharma's Chief Financial Officer.   
"The data suggests that Posiphen should be tested in a preventive setting in Down syndrome individuals, as they carry a substantial risk of early onset of Alzheimer's disease," stated Dr. Claudine Bruck, Director of the Board of QR Pharma.
"These studies provide further confirmation of the neuroprotective effects of Posiphen," stated Maria Maccecchini, Ph.D., President and CEO of QR Pharma. "They add to a deep data set supporting the unique activity and potentially broad application of Posiphen in preventing as well as treating abnormal cellular environments and normalizing function."
A full copy of the AAIC 2017 London talk entitled, "Reducing APP through Translational Inhibition can Prevent or Treat Alzheimer's disease in Down Syndrome," will be available by visiting the "Scientific Presentations" in the Press Room section of QR Pharma's website at www.qrpharma.com.
About QR Pharma, Inc.
Headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, QR Pharma, Inc. is a clinical-stage specialty pharmaceutical company committed to developing therapeutics with novel approaches for the treatment of cognitive impairment in neurological disorders.
QR is currently developing Posiphen as a disease-modifying drug for acute as well as chronic neurodegeneration and BNC for advanced Alzheimer's disease. For more information on QR Pharma, please visit the company's website, www.qrpharma.com. 
Contact: Maria MaccecchiniTel: 610-727 3710Fax: 610 727 4001167608@email4pr.com www.qrpharma.com 
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/qr-pharma-inc-presents-new-data-on-posiphen-in-down-syndrome-at-the-alzheimers-disease-international-conference-aaic-2017-london-300486795.html
SOURCE QR Pharma, Inc.  Related Links

http://www.qrpharma.com




 






















Mar 16, 2017, 08:30 ET
Preview: QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease at the 13th AD/PD International Conference








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 











Mar 16, 2017, 08:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer's and...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Pharmaceuticals
Trade Show News
Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries








 You just read:
QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome at the Alzheimer's Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)


 News provided by
QR Pharma, Inc.  
Jul 12, 2017, 08:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




QR Pharma Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























qr pharma inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Biotech
QR Pharma, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company. The Company develops compounds to treat Alzheimer's disease.




Corporate Information
Address:

259 Radnor CheSuiter Road Suit
Radnor, PA
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.qrpharma.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













QR Pharma, Inc |   CONTACT





























































 

 


 






CONTACTYou are here: Home / CONTACT











Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject 
 
Your Message
 
Prove You Are Human
2+5=? 



QR Pharma Inc , 
1055 Westlakes Drive, Suite 300
Berwyn, PA 19312
Tel: 610-727-3913
Fax: 610-727-4001






  





























Scroll to top







QR Pharma, Inc |   CLINICAL




























































 

 


 







HUMAN CLINICAL STUDIESPosiphen® is orally available, well behaved and well qualified as an oral development candidate.

Three clinical studies have been conducted with Posiphen®.  The key findings from the three clinical studies are highlighted below.


Single ascending dose (SAD) in 60 healthy volunteers vs. placebo
Drug determined to be safe, with an NOAEL of 80 mg and an MTD of 160 mg
Dose limiting toxicity was nausea


Multiple ascending doses (MAD) in 48 healthy volunteers vs. placebo

Drug determined to be safe at an NOAEL of 240 mg/day (60 mg QID)


PK: Drug absorbed rapidly; Cmax = 1.5 hrs, T1/2 = 5 hrs in plasma


At doses up to 60 mg QID, Posiphen® showed no symptoms indicative of inhibition of either acetyl- or butyrylcholinesterase



Proof of mechanism of action (MOA) in 5 Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) patients

Concentrations of Posiphen® in the brain, extrapolated from blood and CSF, were 8x higher than in plasma


TTmax in plasma = 5 hours in CSF > 12 hours


Ten days of treatment with Posiphen® normalized CSF levels of sAPP, and Tau, and reduced αSYN and a series of inflammatory markers


PK of Posiphen in brain suggest that doses of 20 to 40 mg once a day could achieve desired effect


These data are reported to the FDA in SN 0016 and SN 0018



Summary of Safety in Humans from all three Studies
Posiphen®’s pattern of AEs was similar to that seen in typical studies in healthy normal volunteers, with an overall incidence of 33.3% among placebo-treated subjects and 35% for all Posiphen® treatment groups combined. In the single ascending dose study the group given the highest dose of 160 mg/day showed 31.7% AEs that were treatment-related. In the multiple ascending dose and in the MOA study there was no dose response to the adverse events. Most AEs were of short duration, mild or moderate in severity, resolved without medical intervention, and occurred in one or a few subjects. Only two subjects experienced severe AEs, including symptoms associated with orthostatic hypotension (1 placebo and 1 POSIPHEN® 20-mg subject).


The Human POC Study
5 patients with mild cognitive impairment were treated for 10 days with Posiphen® with the safe dose of 4×60 mg, (240 mg/day). CSF and plasma were drawn over 12 hours on day 0 and day 11. Levels of Posiphen® and metabolites were measured in plasma and CSF over the 12 hours. Posiphen® PK in plasma corresponded to what the Company had seen in the previous clinical safety studies: T1/2 = 5 hrs. In CSF, however, Posiphen® showed a much longer half-life of T1/2 > 12 hours. QR conducted an identical experiment in rats, where it is possible to measure the PK of Posiphen® in plasma, CSF and brain. By taking the human plasma/CSF and rat plasma/CSF/brain levels QR was able to extrapolate to the human brain levels and calculate them to be eight times higher than plasma levels. This is consistent with the data the Company has in mice, where in a number of studies, Posiphen® levels were found to be 8-9 times higher in brain than in plasma.
Posiphen®’s extended presence in the brain is matched by an extended effect, reducing levels of αSYN, sAPP and tau for the whole period tested (over 12 hours). The extended effect of Posiphen® in humans was consistent with the preclinical data in rodent brains.
The persistence of Posiphen® in the CSF and brain and the extended pharmacodynamic effect observed make Posiphen® a good candidate for QD dosing. Extrapolated brain levels of Posiphen® at 60 mg QID were far in excess of levels required to down-regulate APP and αSYN. The regulation of translation across the toxic aggregating proteins is similarly responsive to Posiphen®, suggesting similar dosing in AD, PD and HD. QR further compared Posiphen® brain levels of mice that showed full reversal of their AD or PD behavior and calculated that the optimum brain levels to achieve full efficacy are between 150 and 500 nM. Using three different extrapolation/comparison calculations the Company deduced that a daily dose of 20-60 mg should achieve desired brain levels and efficacy.

MCI patients treated for 10 days and extracted CSF for 12 hours before and after the last administration of Posiphen® show about 50% lower levels of aggregating toxic proteins; the levels measured have dropped to levels found in healthy normal volunteers.


MCI patients also show high levels of inflammatory factors and microglia activation factors in their CSF. Posiphen® significantly lowered the levels of a number of inflammation factors in their CSF
New Phase IIa Study  in Alzheimer Patients
In collaboration with ADCS (Alzheimer’s disease Cooperative Study) QR is starting a phase IIa study in mild to moderate Alzheimer’s patients.
3×12 Alzheimer patients are to be treated for one month with 2 doses of Posiphen® and placebo. The endpoints are: APP and Abeta levels in spinal fluid; other biomarkers in spinal fluid; inflammatory markers in spinal fluid; SILK (stable isotope labeling kinetics) in spinal fluid with synthesis and degradation rates; cognition and safety.
In order to obtain all the above endpoints patients will have one spinal tab at the beginning of the study and a 36 hour spinal fluid collection at the end. For the cognitive outcome they will be tested at the beginning and the day before the 36 hr spinal fluid collection at the end.
The protocol has been signed and was sent to the IRBs and to the FDA. The treatment of the first patient is scheduled for June 2016.
While Alzheimer’s disease is the most common disease among the elderly and the most lucrative market, the large body of preclinical data accumulated to date opens the potential of wider applicability of Posiphen® in other neurodegenerative disorders.

Aggregating proteins measured in the CSF of MCI patients in the MOA study described above. POSIPHEN® given for 10 days normalizes APP and Tau



  


























Scroll to top
































QR Pharma, Inc. | Berwyn, PA, US Startup 






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.






















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























QR Pharma, Inc.

QR Pharma is developing novel drugs to impede the progression of Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and other neurodegenerative disorders.






Stage

Product In Development



Industry

Biotechnology



Location

Berwyn, PA, US



Currency

USD



Founded

November 2008



Employees

3



Website

qrpharma.com

















Company Summary





The company is developing Posiphen® which inhibits the synthesis of toxic proteins involved in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease. Posiphen is distinct from other drugs in development, because due to its mechanism of action it is effective in a number of neurodegenerative disorders by protecting nerve cells from dying. Posiphen was found to be safe in animals and humans. In AD patients it normalized brain chemistry, making it a promising drug. 











Team













Maria Maccecchini

President and CEO




Founded QR Pharma to develop better therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases. Was partner and director of Robin Hood Ventures and MidAtlantic Angel Group; Founder and CEO of Symphony Pharmaceuticals/Annovis a biotech company that sold in 2001 to Transgenomic; GM of Bachem Bioscience and Head Molecular Biology Mallinckrodt. Did a postdoc at Caltech and one at Roche Institute of Immunology. PhD in biochemistry is from The Rockefeller Univ. 












Eve Damiano, PhD

VP Clinical




Over 30 years experience in the Biotechnology, focused on matters relating to regulatory affairs, strategic planning and execution of development programs, including manufacturing, preclinical and clinical projects, writing and review of respective documentation for submission to FDA, and regulatory application review management in a wide range of therapeutic areas. 












Edward Cullen, PhD

VP Regulatory




Ph.D. in Biological Chemistry with over seventeen years of experience managing product development and regulatory submissions in the pharmaceutical industry. Experience includes writing and reviewing protocols; selecting and monitoring preclinical, analytical and clinical sites; writing and reviewing reports; preparing summaries, Investigators’ Brochures, INDs, NDAs, and worldwide regulatory submissions; and managing professional staff.












Reid McCarthy

CFO




Senior level executive accomplished in successful early and commercial stage venture development, venture capital, private equity and bank financings, line operations, project and international finance. CFO of venture capital-backed
development-stage pharmaceutical company and CEO of venture capital-backed agribusiness company. 












Michael Grundman, MD

CMO




Dr. Grundman is providing leadership for the clinical strategy and development at QR.  Dr. Grundman currently is a Professor of Neurosciences at the University of California San Diego (UCSD) and previously served as Vice President of Clinical Development at Janssen Alzheimer Immunotherapy Research & Development, LLC and as Vice President of Clinical Development at Elan Pharmaceuticals.












Michael Hoffman

Chairman




Mr. Hoffman is a Partner of Riverstone, where he is principally responsible for investments in power and renewable energy for Riverstone’s funds. Mr. Hoffman is co-head of Riverstone's Renewable Energy Funds I and II, with equity capital commitments of approximately $5 billion.
















Advisors













Duane Morris

Lawyer
Unconfirmed










EisnerAmper

Accountant
Unconfirmed
















Previous Investors













BioAdvance (Biotechnology Greenhouse Corporation of Southeastern Pennsylvania)


Unconfirmed










Ben Franklin Technology Partners


Unconfirmed










Robin Hood Ventures and various Angel investors


Unconfirmed
































Loading





Qr Pharma, Inc.                                                                                                          - Berwyn                                            , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Berwyn



Commercial Physical Research



Commercial Physical Research



                            Qr Pharma, Inc.
                                    



 





















Q 


Qr Pharma, Inc.                                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1055 WESTLAKES DR STE 300 BERWYN, PA 19312
Get Directions



(610) 727-3913
www.qrpharma.com                                                                                        





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $323,290.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Commercial Physical Research
 Contacts Maria L Maccecchini                                                                                                     







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Qr Pharma, Inc.                                                                                                          was founded in 2009, and is located at 1055 Westlakes Dr Ste 300 in Berwyn. Additional information is available at www.qrpharma.com                                                                                         or by contacting Maria L Maccecchini                                                                                                      at (610) 727-3913. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Q

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















QR Pharma Inc Presents New Data On Posiphen In Down Syndrome At The Alzheimers Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)



 









































Toggle navigation






 



 Product Showcase

 News & Community




























News
                 |   July 12, 2017    













QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data On Posiphen In Down Syndrome At The Alzheimer's Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)




Prevention or Treatment of Alzheimer's disease in Down Syndrome through Translational Inhibition of Amyloid Precursor Protein (APP)
Berwyn, PA /PRNewswire/ - QR Pharma, Inc., a privately held phase 2 biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for the treatment of Alzheimer's (AD), Parkinson's (PD) and other neurodegenerative diseases, today announced the presentation at AAIC London of its data in Down Syndrome cells and mice. The talk is scheduled for Wednesday, July 19, 2017 at 8:30-9:00.
The presentation highlights studies conducted by investigators from The University of California in San Diego (Mobley Laboratory) and Los Angeles (John Laboratory) characterizing the effects of Posiphen in healthy versus diseased Down Syndrome cells and mice. Down syndrome has a triplication of chromosome 21 and chromosome 21 contains the APP gene; triplication of the APP gene results in high levels of APP. Posiphen lowers the levels of APP and its fragments and restores vesicle transport, neurotransmitter release and therefore may prevent or treat Alzheimer's disease in Down syndrome and in Alzheimer's patients in general.
"The observed development of Alzheimer's disease in adults with Down Syndrome has been an area of increased study as the life expectancy of adults with Down Syndrome has extended. The data generated in these studies demonstrates Posiphen's ability to downregulate elevated APP levels in well understood in vitro and in vivo disease models of Down Syndrome," noted Richard Fitzgerald, QR Pharma's Chief Financial Officer.
"The data suggests that Posiphen should be tested in a preventive setting in Down syndrome individuals, as they carry a substantial risk of early onset of Alzheimer's disease," stated Dr. Claudine Bruck, Director of the Board of QR Pharma.
"These studies provide further confirmation of the neuroprotective effects of Posiphen," stated Maria Maccecchini, Ph.D., President and CEO of QR Pharma. "They add to a deep data set supporting the unique activity and potentially broad application of Posiphen in preventing as well as treating abnormal cellular environments and normalizing function."
A full copy of the AAIC 2017 London talk entitled, "Reducing APP through Translational Inhibition can Prevent or Treat Alzheimer's disease in Down Syndrome," will be available by visiting the "Scientific Presentations" in the Press Room section of QR Pharma's website at www.qrpharma.com.
About QR Pharma, Inc.
Headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, QR Pharma, Inc. is a clinical-stage specialty pharmaceutical company committed to developing therapeutics with novel approaches for the treatment of cognitive impairment in neurological disorders.
QR is currently developing Posiphen as a disease-modifying drug for acute as well as chronic neurodegeneration and BNC for advanced Alzheimer's disease. For more information on QR Pharma, please visit the company's website, www.qrpharma.com.

SOURCE: QR Pharma, Inc.
Copyright 2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved

 Like what you are reading?
Sign up for our free newsletter


SIGN ME UP

    By clicking Sign Me Up, you agree to our Terms
    and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
 







































 


 





YOU MAY ALSO LIKE...













































×
Contact Details




Address
   


Phone



 

Company Profile 
Email Us















Advertise

 Ad Specifications 
 Request Media Kit 



Subscribe

 Newsletter 







Life Science Connect

 BioProcess Online 
 Biosimilar Development 
 Clinical Leader 
 Drug Discovery 
 Life Science Leader Magazine 
 Med Device Online 
 Outsourced Pharma 
 Pharmaceutical Online 







Editorial

 Archived Newsletters 
 Article Reprints 
 Contribute 



Events

 Clinical Leader Forum 
 CMO Leadership Awards 
 Outsourced Pharma Events 



Training

 Life Science Training Institute 







About Us

 Contact Us 
 Work For Us 

























Copyright © 1996-2017 VertMarkets, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  Terms of Use.  Privacy Statement.
	












QR Pharma, Inc |   INVESTORS




























































 

 


 







InvestorsOur dedication to patients with Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s is made possible through the commitment of our visionary investors and partners.

Our Investors
 Our Partners 
  


























Scroll to top







QR Pharma, Inc | 




























































 

 


 







PRESERVING FUNCTION AND QUALITY OF LIFE INTO OLD AGE
Alzheimer’s Disease
Parkinson’s Disease



ABOUT USAbout
We are dedicated to the goal of preserving a person’s function and quality of life into old age. Our drug attacks neurodegeneration at its roots

QR Pharma is a specialty pharmaceutical company developing novel treatments for  Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and other neurodegenerative diseases. QR is attacking neurodegeneration at its roots with its product candidate Posiphen® which inhibits the production of brain toxic proteins.
The economic burden and impact on wellness and quality of life for both patients and their caregivers in dementia is crushing. Today, existing drugs manage the symptoms and provide only marginal cost-benefit tradeoffs.


DISEASE FOCUSOUR FOCUSNeurodegenerative diseases are the largest unmet need for our aging population, our economy and the world. QR Pharma understands how brain cells die in both slow chronic & fast acute injuries to the brain and the nervous system 	

Alzheimer’s Disease (AD) A type of dementia that causes problems with memory, thinking and behavior. Symptoms usually develop slowly and get worse over time, becoming severe enough to interfere with daily tasks.
Alzheimer’s Disease
PreviousNext
5,400,000Estimated people in the US have Alzheimer’s disease (AD)

Parkinson’s disease (PD):  A chronic and progressive movement disorder, meaning that symptoms continue and worsen over time. It involves the malfunction and death of vital nerve cells in the brain, called neurons.
Parkinsons’s Disease
PreviousNext
1,000,000Estimated people in the US have Parkinson’s disease (AD)


INNOVATIONINNOVATIONAttacking Neurodegeneration at it’s Roots
 
Posiphen®
QR Pharma’s lead compound, Posiphen® inhibits synthesis of amyloid precursor protein (APP), Tau and α-Synuclein. Posiphen® is distinct from other Alzheimer’s disease (AD) drugs currently in development, because it inhibits the formation of toxic proteins before they are formed


Our Pipeline


Alzheimer’s disease: QR is starting a 1 month phase IIa study in mild to moderate Alzheimer patients in June and expects the data to be available at the beginning of 2017
Parkinson’s disease: human safety was completes
Traumatic brain injury: human safety was completed



PRESS ROOM
What is happening at QR PharmaBEHIND THE SCIENCE
Press Releases
Press Release QR Pharma Announces New Scientific Advisory Board  with Appointment of World-Class Neurodegenerative Disease ExpertsJanuary 24, 2017Four Neurology Experts Join Advisory Board Following Recent Breakthrough…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu.png
2000
2000

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202017-01-24 10:20:242017-01-24 14:03:30QR Pharma Announces New Scientific Advisory Board  with Appointment of World-Class Neurodegenerative Disease ExpertsPress Release QR Pharma Raises $800,000 of Series A Preferred StockOctober 27, 2016Berwyn, PA., October 27, 2016 -- QR Pharma, Inc., a privately…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/raise-capital-qr-pharma.jpg
266
400

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202016-10-27 16:12:582017-01-01 16:18:21QR Pharma Raises $800,000 of Series A Preferred StockPreviousNextNews Articles
News Articles, Scientific Presentations QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome at the Alzheimer’s Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)July 11, 2017


http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Alztheimers-cure.jpg
630
1200

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202017-07-11 15:37:512017-07-11 19:39:51QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome at the Alzheimer’s Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)News Articles, Scientific Presentations QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Disease at the 13th AD/PD International ConferenceMarch 16, 2017--Posiphen Restores Memory and Learning and Brain Function as…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Picture1.jpg
584
1303

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202017-03-16 14:55:092017-04-13 12:28:48QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Disease at the 13th AD/PD International ConferenceNews Articles QR Pharma Announces Publication on Posiphen Clinical Trials Showing Promise for Alzheimer's Patients0 Comments/July 17, 2012





Berwyn, PA, July 17, 2012: QR Pharma, Inc. (QR),…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/make-Alzheimer-s-inhibitor.jpg
343
610

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2012-07-17 13:16:032016-05-04 16:49:55QR Pharma Announces Publication on Posiphen Clinical Trials Showing Promise for Alzheimer's PatientsNews Articles Healthcare Businesswomen's Association: Women in Science - Winter 2011

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/women-in-science-magazine-.png
2748
2550

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2011-12-10 08:52:512016-05-04 01:57:24Healthcare Businesswomen's Association: Women in Science - Winter 2011PreviousNextScientific Presentations
Scientific Presentations Posiphen® Recovers Memory, Learning and Brain Function in Alzheimer Transgenic Mice0 Comments/October 5, 2012M.L. Maccecchini, K. Sambamurti; J.T. Rogers, O. Arancio
Poster,…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/mouse_white_on_test_tubes.jpg
224
270

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2012-10-05 10:55:342016-05-03 03:40:26Posiphen® Recovers Memory, Learning and Brain Function in Alzheimer Transgenic MiceScientific Presentations Microglia Activation in the Alzheimer and Parkinson Brain; Normalization by Posiphen®0 Comments/June 5, 2012Presentation, June 2012. WCP,  More >>>>>

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Microglia_and_neurons.jpg
1200
1600

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2012-06-05 10:48:062016-05-03 03:41:20Microglia Activation in the Alzheimer and Parkinson Brain; Normalization by Posiphen®PreviousNextScientific Publications
Scientific Publications Alzheimer's Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer's:0 Comments/February 10, 2015


http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/Antibody.jpeg
450
600

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2015-02-10 07:58:562016-05-04 03:28:46Alzheimer's Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer's:Scientific Publications NeuroScience Network - Is Alzheimer's Disease Close To Being Cured? - May 11, 2010

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/maxresdefault.jpg
1080
1920

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2010-05-10 07:42:452016-05-04 03:30:03NeuroScience Network - Is Alzheimer's Disease Close To Being Cured? - May 11, 2010PreviousNext

Contact Us 
  


























Scroll to top







QR Pharma, Inc |   ABOUT US




























































 

 


 







ABOUT USQR Pharma is a specialty pharmaceutical company founded to develop novel treatments for Alzheimer‘s Disease, (AD) Parkinson’s disease (PD) and other neurodegenerative disorders. 

The economic burden and impact on wellness and quality of life for both patients and their caregivers of Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and other neurodegenerative disease is crushing. Today, existing drugs manage the symptoms and provide only marginal cost-benefit trade-offs. Our goal is to develop drugs that stop the progression of these diseases.

QR Pharma’s candidate medicine Posiphen® targets early stage Parkinson’s Disease as well as Alzheimer’s Disease and may stop or slow the progression of those diseases. Posiphen® reduces levels of amyloid precursor protein (APP), tau and α-Synuclein (aSYN), three proteins that can turn toxic and precipitate the onset of neurodegeneration. Posiphen® inhibits APP, tau and aSYN in tissue culture cells, mice as well as in humans. Posiphen® also shows promise in Huntington’s disease, Down Syndrome, Traumatic Brain Injury, and Post Operative Cognitive Decline.




LEADERSHIPQR

http://qrpharma.com/maria-l-maccecchiniMaria L. Maccecchini PhDPresident & CEOFounded QR Pharma in May 2008 to develop better therapeutics for Alzheimer’s disease.
QR Pharma, Inc
http://qrpharma.com/rich-fitzgeraldRich FitzgeraldConsulting Chief Financial OfficerRich Fitzgerald has 32 years of progressive financial and commercial experience supporting large established companies as well as development stage enterprises.
QR Pharma, Inc

BOARD OF DIRECTORSQR

http://qrpharma.com/michael-m-b-hoffmanMichael M. B. HoffmanChairman of the BoardMr. Hoffman is a Partner of Riverstone Holdings LLC, where he is principally responsible for investments in power.
QR Pharma, Inc
http://qrpharma.com/maria-l-maccecchiniMaria L. Maccecchini PhDPresident & CEOFounded QR Pharma in May 2008 to develop better therapeutics for Alzheimer’s disease.
QR Pharma, Inc
http://qrpharma.com/claudine-e-bruckClaudine E. Bruck PhDBoard MemberPharmaceutical executive  and scientist with strong entrepreneurial drive.
QR Pharma, Inc
http://qrpharma.com/mark-white-2Mark WhiteBoard MemberA bio-pharmaceutical executive with global marketing, business development and sales experience at Pfizer & Abbott and Bayer.
QR Pharma, Inc
http://qrpharma.com/bob-whelanBob WhelanBoard MemberMr. Whelan has been President of Whelan & Company, LLC, providing financial consulting, valuation and strategic services to public and private companies in the technology, healthcare and alternative energy industries.
QR Pharma, Inc


SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARDQR

http://qrpharma.com/sidney-stricklandSidney Strickland PhDChairman, SABDr.Sidney Strickland, Chairman of the QR Pharma SAB and Professor of Neurology and Genetics at Rockefeller University.
QR Pharma, Inc
http://qrpharma.com/peter-daviesPeter Davies PhDSAB MemberPeter Davies PhD, is the director of the Litwin-Zucker Research Center for The Study of Alzheimer’s Disease and Memory Disorders associated with The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research.
QR Pharma, Inc
http://qrpharma.com/William-MobleyWilliam Mobley, M.D., PhDSAB MemberA Distinguished Professor, Department of Neurosciences Florence Riford Chair for Alzheimer Research and Associate Dean for Neurosciences
QR Pharma, Inc

http://qrpharma.com/jeffrey-l-cummingsJeffrey L. Cummings MDSAB MemberDr. Cummings is Director of the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health in Las Vegas, Nevada, Cleveland.
QR Pharma, Inc
http://qrpharma.com/gregory-petskoGregory Petsko PhDSAB MemberArthur J. Mahon Professor of Neurology and Neuroscience and Director, Helen and Robert Appel Alzheimer ’s Disease Research Institute.
QR Pharma, Inc
http://qrpharma.com/rudolph-tanziRudolph E. Tanzi PhDSAB MemberVice-Chair of Neurology and Director of the Genetics and Aging Research Unit at Massachusetts  General Hospital, and serves as the Joseph P. and Rose F. Kennedy Professor of Neurology at Harvard Medical School.
QR Pharma, Inc
  


























Scroll to top







QR Pharma, Inc |   CLINICAL




























































 

 


 







HUMAN CLINICAL STUDIESPosiphen® is orally available, well behaved and well qualified as an oral development candidate.

Three clinical studies have been conducted with Posiphen®.  The key findings from the three clinical studies are highlighted below.


Single ascending dose (SAD) in 60 healthy volunteers vs. placebo
Drug determined to be safe, with an NOAEL of 80 mg and an MTD of 160 mg
Dose limiting toxicity was nausea


Multiple ascending doses (MAD) in 48 healthy volunteers vs. placebo

Drug determined to be safe at an NOAEL of 240 mg/day (60 mg QID)


PK: Drug absorbed rapidly; Cmax = 1.5 hrs, T1/2 = 5 hrs in plasma


At doses up to 60 mg QID, Posiphen® showed no symptoms indicative of inhibition of either acetyl- or butyrylcholinesterase



Proof of mechanism of action (MOA) in 5 Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) patients

Concentrations of Posiphen® in the brain, extrapolated from blood and CSF, were 8x higher than in plasma


TTmax in plasma = 5 hours in CSF > 12 hours


Ten days of treatment with Posiphen® normalized CSF levels of sAPP, and Tau, and reduced αSYN and a series of inflammatory markers


PK of Posiphen in brain suggest that doses of 20 to 40 mg once a day could achieve desired effect


These data are reported to the FDA in SN 0016 and SN 0018



Summary of Safety in Humans from all three Studies
Posiphen®’s pattern of AEs was similar to that seen in typical studies in healthy normal volunteers, with an overall incidence of 33.3% among placebo-treated subjects and 35% for all Posiphen® treatment groups combined. In the single ascending dose study the group given the highest dose of 160 mg/day showed 31.7% AEs that were treatment-related. In the multiple ascending dose and in the MOA study there was no dose response to the adverse events. Most AEs were of short duration, mild or moderate in severity, resolved without medical intervention, and occurred in one or a few subjects. Only two subjects experienced severe AEs, including symptoms associated with orthostatic hypotension (1 placebo and 1 POSIPHEN® 20-mg subject).


The Human POC Study
5 patients with mild cognitive impairment were treated for 10 days with Posiphen® with the safe dose of 4×60 mg, (240 mg/day). CSF and plasma were drawn over 12 hours on day 0 and day 11. Levels of Posiphen® and metabolites were measured in plasma and CSF over the 12 hours. Posiphen® PK in plasma corresponded to what the Company had seen in the previous clinical safety studies: T1/2 = 5 hrs. In CSF, however, Posiphen® showed a much longer half-life of T1/2 > 12 hours. QR conducted an identical experiment in rats, where it is possible to measure the PK of Posiphen® in plasma, CSF and brain. By taking the human plasma/CSF and rat plasma/CSF/brain levels QR was able to extrapolate to the human brain levels and calculate them to be eight times higher than plasma levels. This is consistent with the data the Company has in mice, where in a number of studies, Posiphen® levels were found to be 8-9 times higher in brain than in plasma.
Posiphen®’s extended presence in the brain is matched by an extended effect, reducing levels of αSYN, sAPP and tau for the whole period tested (over 12 hours). The extended effect of Posiphen® in humans was consistent with the preclinical data in rodent brains.
The persistence of Posiphen® in the CSF and brain and the extended pharmacodynamic effect observed make Posiphen® a good candidate for QD dosing. Extrapolated brain levels of Posiphen® at 60 mg QID were far in excess of levels required to down-regulate APP and αSYN. The regulation of translation across the toxic aggregating proteins is similarly responsive to Posiphen®, suggesting similar dosing in AD, PD and HD. QR further compared Posiphen® brain levels of mice that showed full reversal of their AD or PD behavior and calculated that the optimum brain levels to achieve full efficacy are between 150 and 500 nM. Using three different extrapolation/comparison calculations the Company deduced that a daily dose of 20-60 mg should achieve desired brain levels and efficacy.

MCI patients treated for 10 days and extracted CSF for 12 hours before and after the last administration of Posiphen® show about 50% lower levels of aggregating toxic proteins; the levels measured have dropped to levels found in healthy normal volunteers.


MCI patients also show high levels of inflammatory factors and microglia activation factors in their CSF. Posiphen® significantly lowered the levels of a number of inflammation factors in their CSF
New Phase IIa Study  in Alzheimer Patients
In collaboration with ADCS (Alzheimer’s disease Cooperative Study) QR is starting a phase IIa study in mild to moderate Alzheimer’s patients.
3×12 Alzheimer patients are to be treated for one month with 2 doses of Posiphen® and placebo. The endpoints are: APP and Abeta levels in spinal fluid; other biomarkers in spinal fluid; inflammatory markers in spinal fluid; SILK (stable isotope labeling kinetics) in spinal fluid with synthesis and degradation rates; cognition and safety.
In order to obtain all the above endpoints patients will have one spinal tab at the beginning of the study and a 36 hour spinal fluid collection at the end. For the cognitive outcome they will be tested at the beginning and the day before the 36 hr spinal fluid collection at the end.
The protocol has been signed and was sent to the IRBs and to the FDA. The treatment of the first patient is scheduled for June 2016.
While Alzheimer’s disease is the most common disease among the elderly and the most lucrative market, the large body of preclinical data accumulated to date opens the potential of wider applicability of Posiphen® in other neurodegenerative disorders.

Aggregating proteins measured in the CSF of MCI patients in the MOA study described above. POSIPHEN® given for 10 days normalizes APP and Tau



  


























Scroll to top







QR Pharma, Inc |   Maria L. Maccecchini




























































 

 


 






Maria L. MaccecchiniYou are here: Home / Maria L. MaccecchiniMaria L. Maccecchini PhD
President & CEO

Founded QR Pharma in May 2008 to develop better therapeutics for Alzheimer’s disease. Was partner and director of two angel groups, Robin Hood Ventures and MidAtlantic Angel Group; Founder and CEO of Symphony Pharmaceuticals/Annovis a biotech company that sold in 2001 to Transgenomic; General Manager of Bachem Bioscience, the US subsidiary of Bachem AG, Switzerland and Head Molecular Biology Mallinckrodt; Dr. Maccecchini did one postdoc at Caltech and one at the Roche Institute of Immunology, her PhD in biochemistry is from The Rockefeller University.


Back To Our Team
 PopularQR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome...July 11, 2017 - 3:37 pmPosiphen® Treatment is Able to Reduce APP Levels in Ta65Dn...June 5, 2008 - 9:54 amThe Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research:...June 5, 2008 - 9:56 amTorreyPines Therapeutics Licenses Posiphen®, Bisnorcymcerine...November 18, 2008 - 12:08 pmRecentQR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome...July 11, 2017 - 3:37 pmQR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer’s...March 16, 2017 - 2:55 pmQR Pharma Announces New Scientific Advisory Board  with...January 24, 2017 - 10:20 amQR Pharma Raises $800,000 of Series A Preferred StockOctober 27, 2016 - 4:12 pmCommentsTags QR Pharma Inc ,
1055 Westlakes
Drive Suite 300
Berwyn, PA 19312
Tel: 610-727-3913
Fax: 610-727-400

 


























Scroll to top







QR Pharma, Inc |   Alzheimer’s Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer’s:


































































 

 


 






Press RoomYou are here: Home / Press Room / Scientific Publications / Alzheimer’s Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer’...



 Alzheimer’s Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer’s:			 February 10, 2015/0 Comments/in Scientific Publications /by adminAlzheimer's Rewind - October 24, 2011

Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimerï¿½s - October 24, 2011



http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/Antibody.jpeg
450
600

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2015-02-10 07:58:562016-05-04 03:28:46Alzheimer's Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer's:




0
replies





Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion? Feel free to contribute! 
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 




PopularQR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome...July 11, 2017 - 3:37 pmPaul Blake, Hal Broderson and Franz Hefti Join QR Pharma...June 1, 2009 - 12:15 pmPhiladelphia Inquirer – QR Pharma faces long climb...April 13, 2009 - 7:31 amQR Pharma Receives Seed Investment from Ben Franklin Technology...April 6, 2009 - 12:13 pmPosiphen® and Analogs: Experimental Alzheimer agents that...January 5, 2009 - 10:02 amQR Pharma Inc. Exclusively Licenses Clinical Stage Compounds...December 1, 2008 - 12:11 pmPhiladelphia Business Journal – Maccecchini back in...November 28, 2008 - 7:30 amTorreyPines Therapeutics Licenses Posiphen®, Bisnorcymcerine...November 18, 2008 - 12:08 pmThe Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research:...June 5, 2008 - 9:56 amPosiphen® Treatment is Able to Reduce APP Levels in Ta65Dn...June 5, 2008 - 9:54 amRecentQR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome...July 11, 2017 - 3:37 pmQR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer’s...March 16, 2017 - 2:55 pmQR Pharma Announces New Scientific Advisory Board  with...January 24, 2017 - 10:20 amQR Pharma Raises $800,000 of Series A Preferred StockOctober 27, 2016 - 4:12 pmQR Pharma, Inc. to Participate in Harvard’s Neuro Advance...October 4, 2016 - 4:07 pmPresentation at NewsMakersSeptember 16, 2016 - 2:51 pmNew Data on Posiphen in Traumatic Brain InjuryAugust 13, 2016 - 7:56 pmQR Pharma to Present a Paper on Clinical Development of...November 2, 2015 - 6:52 amQR Pharma Issues $5.7 M of Series A Preferred StockMay 26, 2015 - 6:49 amMaria Maccecchini, President and CEO of QR Pharma, Inc....May 4, 2015 - 6:45 amCommentsTagsInstagram Follow us! QR Pharma Inc ,
1055 Westlakes
Drive Suite 300
Berwyn, PA 19312
Tel: 610-727-3913
Fax: 610-727-400







    QR Pharma Begins Collaboration on Posiphen® and Huntington’s Disease        QR Pharma Receives US Patent 8,691,864 to Treat Dementia  






















Scroll to top







QR Pharma, Inc | 




























































 

 


 







PRESERVING FUNCTION AND QUALITY OF LIFE INTO OLD AGE
Alzheimer’s Disease
Parkinson’s Disease



ABOUT USAbout
We are dedicated to the goal of preserving a person’s function and quality of life into old age. Our drug attacks neurodegeneration at its roots

QR Pharma is a specialty pharmaceutical company developing novel treatments for  Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and other neurodegenerative diseases. QR is attacking neurodegeneration at its roots with its product candidate Posiphen® which inhibits the production of brain toxic proteins.
The economic burden and impact on wellness and quality of life for both patients and their caregivers in dementia is crushing. Today, existing drugs manage the symptoms and provide only marginal cost-benefit tradeoffs.


DISEASE FOCUSOUR FOCUSNeurodegenerative diseases are the largest unmet need for our aging population, our economy and the world. QR Pharma understands how brain cells die in both slow chronic & fast acute injuries to the brain and the nervous system 	

Alzheimer’s Disease (AD) A type of dementia that causes problems with memory, thinking and behavior. Symptoms usually develop slowly and get worse over time, becoming severe enough to interfere with daily tasks.
Alzheimer’s Disease
PreviousNext
5,400,000Estimated people in the US have Alzheimer’s disease (AD)

Parkinson’s disease (PD):  A chronic and progressive movement disorder, meaning that symptoms continue and worsen over time. It involves the malfunction and death of vital nerve cells in the brain, called neurons.
Parkinsons’s Disease
PreviousNext
1,000,000Estimated people in the US have Parkinson’s disease (AD)


INNOVATIONINNOVATIONAttacking Neurodegeneration at it’s Roots
 
Posiphen®
QR Pharma’s lead compound, Posiphen® inhibits synthesis of amyloid precursor protein (APP), Tau and α-Synuclein. Posiphen® is distinct from other Alzheimer’s disease (AD) drugs currently in development, because it inhibits the formation of toxic proteins before they are formed


Our Pipeline


Alzheimer’s disease: QR is starting a 1 month phase IIa study in mild to moderate Alzheimer patients in June and expects the data to be available at the beginning of 2017
Parkinson’s disease: human safety was completes
Traumatic brain injury: human safety was completed



PRESS ROOM
What is happening at QR PharmaBEHIND THE SCIENCE
Press Releases
Press Release QR Pharma Announces New Scientific Advisory Board  with Appointment of World-Class Neurodegenerative Disease ExpertsJanuary 24, 2017Four Neurology Experts Join Advisory Board Following Recent Breakthrough…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu.png
2000
2000

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202017-01-24 10:20:242017-01-24 14:03:30QR Pharma Announces New Scientific Advisory Board  with Appointment of World-Class Neurodegenerative Disease ExpertsPress Release QR Pharma Raises $800,000 of Series A Preferred StockOctober 27, 2016Berwyn, PA., October 27, 2016 -- QR Pharma, Inc., a privately…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/raise-capital-qr-pharma.jpg
266
400

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202016-10-27 16:12:582017-01-01 16:18:21QR Pharma Raises $800,000 of Series A Preferred StockPreviousNextNews Articles
News Articles, Scientific Presentations QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome at the Alzheimer’s Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)July 11, 2017


http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Alztheimers-cure.jpg
630
1200

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202017-07-11 15:37:512017-07-11 19:39:51QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome at the Alzheimer’s Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)News Articles, Scientific Presentations QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Disease at the 13th AD/PD International ConferenceMarch 16, 2017--Posiphen Restores Memory and Learning and Brain Function as…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Picture1.jpg
584
1303

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202017-03-16 14:55:092017-04-13 12:28:48QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Disease at the 13th AD/PD International ConferenceNews Articles QR Pharma Announces Publication on Posiphen Clinical Trials Showing Promise for Alzheimer's Patients0 Comments/July 17, 2012





Berwyn, PA, July 17, 2012: QR Pharma, Inc. (QR),…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/make-Alzheimer-s-inhibitor.jpg
343
610

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2012-07-17 13:16:032016-05-04 16:49:55QR Pharma Announces Publication on Posiphen Clinical Trials Showing Promise for Alzheimer's PatientsNews Articles Healthcare Businesswomen's Association: Women in Science - Winter 2011

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/women-in-science-magazine-.png
2748
2550

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2011-12-10 08:52:512016-05-04 01:57:24Healthcare Businesswomen's Association: Women in Science - Winter 2011PreviousNextScientific Presentations
Scientific Presentations Posiphen® Recovers Memory, Learning and Brain Function in Alzheimer Transgenic Mice0 Comments/October 5, 2012M.L. Maccecchini, K. Sambamurti; J.T. Rogers, O. Arancio
Poster,…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/mouse_white_on_test_tubes.jpg
224
270

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2012-10-05 10:55:342016-05-03 03:40:26Posiphen® Recovers Memory, Learning and Brain Function in Alzheimer Transgenic MiceScientific Presentations Microglia Activation in the Alzheimer and Parkinson Brain; Normalization by Posiphen®0 Comments/June 5, 2012Presentation, June 2012. WCP,  More >>>>>

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Microglia_and_neurons.jpg
1200
1600

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2012-06-05 10:48:062016-05-03 03:41:20Microglia Activation in the Alzheimer and Parkinson Brain; Normalization by Posiphen®PreviousNextScientific Publications
Scientific Publications Alzheimer's Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer's:0 Comments/February 10, 2015


http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/Antibody.jpeg
450
600

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2015-02-10 07:58:562016-05-04 03:28:46Alzheimer's Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer's:Scientific Publications NeuroScience Network - Is Alzheimer's Disease Close To Being Cured? - May 11, 2010

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/maxresdefault.jpg
1080
1920

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2010-05-10 07:42:452016-05-04 03:30:03NeuroScience Network - Is Alzheimer's Disease Close To Being Cured? - May 11, 2010PreviousNext

Contact Us 
  


























Scroll to top







QR Pharma, Inc | 




























































 

 


 







PRESERVING FUNCTION AND QUALITY OF LIFE INTO OLD AGE
Alzheimer’s Disease
Parkinson’s Disease



ABOUT USAbout
We are dedicated to the goal of preserving a person’s function and quality of life into old age. Our drug attacks neurodegeneration at its roots

QR Pharma is a specialty pharmaceutical company developing novel treatments for  Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and other neurodegenerative diseases. QR is attacking neurodegeneration at its roots with its product candidate Posiphen® which inhibits the production of brain toxic proteins.
The economic burden and impact on wellness and quality of life for both patients and their caregivers in dementia is crushing. Today, existing drugs manage the symptoms and provide only marginal cost-benefit tradeoffs.


DISEASE FOCUSOUR FOCUSNeurodegenerative diseases are the largest unmet need for our aging population, our economy and the world. QR Pharma understands how brain cells die in both slow chronic & fast acute injuries to the brain and the nervous system 	

Alzheimer’s Disease (AD) A type of dementia that causes problems with memory, thinking and behavior. Symptoms usually develop slowly and get worse over time, becoming severe enough to interfere with daily tasks.
Alzheimer’s Disease
PreviousNext
5,400,000Estimated people in the US have Alzheimer’s disease (AD)

Parkinson’s disease (PD):  A chronic and progressive movement disorder, meaning that symptoms continue and worsen over time. It involves the malfunction and death of vital nerve cells in the brain, called neurons.
Parkinsons’s Disease
PreviousNext
1,000,000Estimated people in the US have Parkinson’s disease (AD)


INNOVATIONINNOVATIONAttacking Neurodegeneration at it’s Roots
 
Posiphen®
QR Pharma’s lead compound, Posiphen® inhibits synthesis of amyloid precursor protein (APP), Tau and α-Synuclein. Posiphen® is distinct from other Alzheimer’s disease (AD) drugs currently in development, because it inhibits the formation of toxic proteins before they are formed


Our Pipeline


Alzheimer’s disease: QR is starting a 1 month phase IIa study in mild to moderate Alzheimer patients in June and expects the data to be available at the beginning of 2017
Parkinson’s disease: human safety was completes
Traumatic brain injury: human safety was completed



PRESS ROOM
What is happening at QR PharmaBEHIND THE SCIENCE
Press Releases
Press Release QR Pharma Announces New Scientific Advisory Board  with Appointment of World-Class Neurodegenerative Disease ExpertsJanuary 24, 2017Four Neurology Experts Join Advisory Board Following Recent Breakthrough…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu.png
2000
2000

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202017-01-24 10:20:242017-01-24 14:03:30QR Pharma Announces New Scientific Advisory Board  with Appointment of World-Class Neurodegenerative Disease ExpertsPress Release QR Pharma Raises $800,000 of Series A Preferred StockOctober 27, 2016Berwyn, PA., October 27, 2016 -- QR Pharma, Inc., a privately…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/raise-capital-qr-pharma.jpg
266
400

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202016-10-27 16:12:582017-01-01 16:18:21QR Pharma Raises $800,000 of Series A Preferred StockPreviousNextNews Articles
News Articles, Scientific Presentations QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome at the Alzheimer’s Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)July 11, 2017


http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Alztheimers-cure.jpg
630
1200

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202017-07-11 15:37:512017-07-11 19:39:51QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Down Syndrome at the Alzheimer’s Disease International Conference (AAIC 2017 London)News Articles, Scientific Presentations QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Disease at the 13th AD/PD International ConferenceMarch 16, 2017--Posiphen Restores Memory and Learning and Brain Function as…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Picture1.jpg
584
1303

scorch20

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

scorch202017-03-16 14:55:092017-04-13 12:28:48QR Pharma, Inc. Presents New Data on Posiphen in Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Disease at the 13th AD/PD International ConferenceNews Articles QR Pharma Announces Publication on Posiphen Clinical Trials Showing Promise for Alzheimer's Patients0 Comments/July 17, 2012





Berwyn, PA, July 17, 2012: QR Pharma, Inc. (QR),…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/make-Alzheimer-s-inhibitor.jpg
343
610

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2012-07-17 13:16:032016-05-04 16:49:55QR Pharma Announces Publication on Posiphen Clinical Trials Showing Promise for Alzheimer's PatientsNews Articles Healthcare Businesswomen's Association: Women in Science - Winter 2011

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/women-in-science-magazine-.png
2748
2550

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2011-12-10 08:52:512016-05-04 01:57:24Healthcare Businesswomen's Association: Women in Science - Winter 2011PreviousNextScientific Presentations
Scientific Presentations Posiphen® Recovers Memory, Learning and Brain Function in Alzheimer Transgenic Mice0 Comments/October 5, 2012M.L. Maccecchini, K. Sambamurti; J.T. Rogers, O. Arancio
Poster,…

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/mouse_white_on_test_tubes.jpg
224
270

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2012-10-05 10:55:342016-05-03 03:40:26Posiphen® Recovers Memory, Learning and Brain Function in Alzheimer Transgenic MiceScientific Presentations Microglia Activation in the Alzheimer and Parkinson Brain; Normalization by Posiphen®0 Comments/June 5, 2012Presentation, June 2012. WCP,  More >>>>>

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/Microglia_and_neurons.jpg
1200
1600

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2012-06-05 10:48:062016-05-03 03:41:20Microglia Activation in the Alzheimer and Parkinson Brain; Normalization by Posiphen®PreviousNextScientific Publications
Scientific Publications Alzheimer's Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer's:0 Comments/February 10, 2015


http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/Antibody.jpeg
450
600

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2015-02-10 07:58:562016-05-04 03:28:46Alzheimer's Rewind and Monoclonal Antibodies in Alzheimer's:Scientific Publications NeuroScience Network - Is Alzheimer's Disease Close To Being Cured? - May 11, 2010

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/maxresdefault.jpg
1080
1920

admin

http://qrpharma.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/qr-pharma-logo-for-menu-300x300.png

admin2010-05-10 07:42:452016-05-04 03:30:03NeuroScience Network - Is Alzheimer's Disease Close To Being Cured? - May 11, 2010PreviousNext

Contact Us 
  


























Scroll to top



