




























Quadrant Capital Management LLC Has $2,850,000 Stake in Facebook, Inc. (FB) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Facebook Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Facebook Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE:VOYA) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
Xcel Energy Inc. (XEL) Position Boosted by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
Canadian Natural Resources Limited (NYSE:CNQ) Stake Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
First Midwest Bank Trust Division Has $1.21 Million Position in C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR)
Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) Shares Sold by Regentatlantic Capital LLC
Regentatlantic Capital LLC Raises Position in HP Inc. (HPQ)
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Celanese Corporation (NYSE:CE) Cut by Analyst
Kindred Biosciences (NASDAQ:KIN) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX) Given a $56.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts
5,100 Shares in Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE:RL) Acquired by Oakbrook Investments LLC
Neos Therapeutics (NEOS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
Duff & Phelps Utility & Corp.orate Bond Trust (NYSE:DUC) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds
Reviewing EMC (EMC) and Electronics for Imaging (EFII)
BB&T Corp Purchases 863 Shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH)
Brokerages Anticipate New York & Company, Inc. (NWY) to Post $0.03 Earnings Per Share
Comparing USANA Health Sciences (USNA) & Colgate-Palmolive (CL)
Contrasting Flamel Technologies (AVDL) & Acura Pharmaceuticals (ACUR)
US Bancorp DE Has $104.87 Million Position in The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN)
Marine Products Corporation (NYSE:MPX) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results
Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) PT Set at $40.00 by Northland Securities



 


Quadrant Capital Management LLC Has $2,850,000 Stake in Facebook, Inc. (FB)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Quadrant Capital Management LLC maintained its position in  Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 20,065 shares of the social networking company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Facebook comprises about  2.3% of Quadrant Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 14th largest position. Quadrant Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Facebook were worth $2,850,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Canal Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Facebook by 82.2% in the first quarter. Canal Capital Management LLC now owns 5,400 shares of the social networking company’s stock worth $767,000 after buying an additional 2,437 shares in the last quarter.  Ariel Capital Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Facebook by 14.2% in the first quarter. Ariel Capital Advisors LLC now owns 24,242 shares of the social networking company’s stock worth $3,444,000 after buying an additional 3,015 shares in the last quarter.  Weatherly Asset Management L. P. boosted its stake in shares of  Facebook by 0.3% in the first quarter. Weatherly Asset Management L. P. now owns 21,854 shares of the social networking company’s stock worth $3,104,000 after buying an additional 75 shares in the last quarter.  Arcadia Investment Management Corp MI boosted its stake in shares of  Facebook by 20.0% in the first quarter. Arcadia Investment Management Corp MI now owns 721 shares of the social networking company’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 120 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Arete Wealth Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of  Facebook during the first quarter worth about $326,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  57.68% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Facebook Inc. alerts:



Shares of Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ FB) opened at 166.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $154.52 and its 200-day moving average is $143.53. The company has a market capitalization of $481.10 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 42.21 and a beta of 0.67. Facebook, Inc. has a 12-month low of $113.55 and a 12-month high of $166.17. 




Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The social networking company reported $1.04 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.16. The firm had revenue of $8.03 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.83 billion. Facebook had a net margin of 36.45% and a return on equity of 20.27%. The business’s revenue was up 49.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.77 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts predict that  Facebook, Inc. will post $4.87 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Quadrant Capital Management LLC Has $2,850,000 Stake in Facebook, Inc. (FB)” was first  published by Week Herald and is owned by of Week Herald. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/25/quadrant-capital-management-llc-has-2850000-stake-in-facebook-inc-fb.html. 
A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Facebook from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $189.00 price objective for the company in a report on Monday. Macquarie  set a $175.00 price objective on shares of Facebook and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday. Wells Fargo & Company  reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Facebook in a report on Saturday. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on shares of Facebook from $185.00 to $189.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  set a $180.00 target price on shares of Facebook and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 19th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and five have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Facebook  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $168.31.
In other news, insider Christopher K. Cox sold 16,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $150.05, for a total value of $2,400,800.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 165,431 shares in the company, valued at $24,822,921.55. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Susan Desmond-Hellmann sold 209 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $144.67, for a total transaction of $30,236.03. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 13,359,966 shares of company stock worth $2,082,892,714 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own  19.08% of the company’s stock. 
Facebook Company Profile
Facebook, Inc is focused on building products that enable people to connect and share through mobile devices, personal computers and other surfaces. The Company’s products include Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp and Oculus. Facebook enables people to connect, share, discover and communicate with each other on mobile devices and personal computers.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB).







Receive News & Ratings for Facebook Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Facebook Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Voya Financial, Inc.  Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd.





Canadian Natural Resources Limited  Stake Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd.





Xcel Energy Inc.  Position Boosted by Russell Investments Group Ltd.





First Midwest Bank Trust Division Has $1.21 Million Position in C.R. Bard, Inc. 





Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Given a $56.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts





Kindred Biosciences  Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 


































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













 Quadrant Capital Management LLC, Brian  Tesseyman,  























  A publisher of Business Information since 1983    



  









 
            





Search Business
		    
				Search Executive
		    

        

  Advanced Search








 
                 




 | 
		 
						
   							Sign In
   					
			 | 
	    Hints





    







Company Name
Quadrant Capital Management LLC
 
 














 Address

	        
				
						7 N Mountain Ave.		        	
				
									        	
					
							
						
	        
					
			
					
					 	
					 		Montclair,
					 		
					 
					 
					 
					
           					 New Jersey
           			
	    			
	    			
         					07042
         					
	    				
	    			
	    					
	    				
	    			
	    			         		
	    			
	    				
	       				 United States
						         
				



Email
  N/A
Phone
 1-973-783-8032


Website


							        www.quadrantcm.com
							        

Fax

							         1-973-783-8035














            Summary            
      Executive Details      
       Board Members       









Business Information
															The group's principal activity is to provide wealth management and asset management services. The group's services include wealth management, asset management and communications. The group operates from New Jersey, United States.   
															






                       
																Executive Information                                                                
															



																Name

																Title
															

																Email
															

James KearneyFounder, Principal N/A  Jeffrey FisherFounder, Principal N/A  Brian TesseymanTeam Member N/A  Nicole BonannoClient Service Specialist N/A  

 
												



 
									Company Size
								

  Sales Range 50 to 100 Million    Employee Range  Below 25
   

 
											
										
										  

TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW
TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW



Click for more Executives 


















       Financial Summary       
        Income Statement        
         Balance Sheet         
         Cash Flows         
          Ratios          







































                                              FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLYCLICK HERE TO
                                              
                                              SUBSCRIBE NOW































           
 
 
Home   |   About Us   |   Product Information    |   Subscription   |  List Builder    |  Executive List    |   Email Lists      |  Contact Us   |   Site Map   |  
 Browse Directory    




 

 &nbsp   ©
 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.

  
















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.







Quadrant Capital Management LLC






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,797  0.39% iShares MSCIVanguard FTSESchwab FundamentalSPDR SP






World
US















Quadrant Capital Management  LLC

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameQuadrant Capital Management  LLCSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 135.7 M Contact Details LocationMontclair, New JerseyAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://quadrantcm.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Quadrant-Capital-Management-LLC and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Glading Group  LLC Montclair NJ 0 Quadrant Capital Management  LLC Montclair NJ 0 Chartwell Consulting Usa LLC Montclair NJ 0 Bellwether Consulting LLC Montclair NJ 0 Macro Consulting Group LLC Parsippany NJ 0 Pinnacle Financial Advisors  LLC Marlton NJ 0 Caxton Associates  LLC Princeton NJ 0 Highland Financial Advisors  LLC Riverdale NJ 0 Quantitative Management Associates Newark NJ 0 Raab & Moskowitz Asset Management L Chatham NJ 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets










































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


























Quadrant Capital Management, LLC - Financial Services Firm, Fairfield, NJ - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Quadrant Capital Management, LLC





Quadrant Capital Management, LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Quadrant Capital Management, LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Quadrant Capital Management, LLC is a RIA based in Fairfield, NJ with $386M in AUM and with 4 advisors nationwide.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Fairfield, NJ 




# OF EMPLOYEES
8


Total Assets
$385,665,937



Website







Location
        



100 County Road 613


Fairfield,
NJ
07004


973-276-0830









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




Name

Assets





Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR Fund

$3,713,000


Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund

$2,725,000


WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity Fund

$2,218,000


SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF

$2,200,000


SPDR S&P Biotech ETF

$1,769,000


WisdomTree Europe Hedged Equity Fund

$1,285,000


iShares MSCI EAFE ETF

$986,000


iShares Russell 2000 ETF

$891,000


iShares Russell 2000 Value ETF

$449,000


iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF

$341,000


iShares Russell 1000 Growth ETF

$314,000



















Assets







Assets
Last updated on Aug. 20, 2016





$385.7M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






515

          
Accounts
          


$748.9K

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        






Financial Planning












Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
4





name

start date









Brian Thomas Tesseyman

May 2007 







Jeffrey Fisher

May 2007 







James Edward Kearney

May 2007 







Jean Harrison Mcallister

November 2013 











View All Advisors













Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





James Edward Kearney

President, Chief Compliance Officer & Member
      
January, 2001
      
50% to 75%
      


Jeffrey Fisher

Chairman, Chief Investment Officer & Member
      
January, 2001
      
50% to 75%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Fixed Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations



































Quadrant Capital Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Quadrant Capital Management, LLC


Quadrant Capital Management, LLC
(CRD# 109952) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Fairfield, NJ.
They
manage $385,665,937 in 515 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 11 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Quadrant Capital Management, LLC




100 Passaic Avenue, Suite 301,
Fairfield,
NJ
07004
973-276-0830
http://www.quadrantcm.com




http://www.quadrantcm.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

386
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

515
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$748,866







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CT, DC, FL, IL, MA, MD, NJ, NY, TX, VA






Financial Advisors at Quadrant Capital Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 4 of 4 top financial advisors.





1















Jeffrey Fisher



CRD#:
3264768



7 North Mountain Avenue, 2nd Floor,
Montclair,
NJ
07042




96

Wealthminder
score








Jeffrey Fisher (CRD# 3264768) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Quadrant Capital Management, LLC in Montclair, NJ and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Jeffrey Fisher has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






2















James E. Kearney



CRD#:
3271012



100 Passaic Avenue, Suite 301,
Fairfield,
NJ
07004




96

Wealthminder
score








James Kearney (CRD# 3271012) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Quadrant Capital Management, LLC in Fairfield, NJ and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.
James Kearney has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






3















Brian T. Tesseyman



CRD#:
4120738



100 Passaic Avenue, Suite 301,
Fairfield,
NJ
07004




93

Wealthminder
score








Brian Tesseyman (CRD# 4120738) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Quadrant Capital Management, LLC in Fairfield, NJ and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Jean H. McAllister



CRD#:
6271695



100 Passaic Avenue, Suite 301,
Fairfield,
NJ
07004




90

Wealthminder
score








Jean McAllister (CRD# 6271695) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Quadrant Capital Management, LLC in Fairfield, NJ and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.
Jean McAllister has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now






















IMPORTANT CONSUMER DISCLOSURE | Quadrant Capital Management































973-276-0830

  




  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 






IMPORTANT CONSUMER DISCLOSURE

Quadrant Capital Management, LLC, (“Quadrant”) is an SEC registered investment adviser ( www.adviserinfo.sec.gov ) located in Fairfield, New Jersey. Quadrant and its representatives are in compliance with the current filing requirements imposed upon SEC registered investment advisers by those states in which Quadrant maintains clients. Quadrant may only transact business in those states in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. Quadrant’s web site is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Accordingly, the publication of Quadrant’s web site on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as Quadrant’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the Internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by Quadrant with a prospective client shall be conducted by qualifying for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides, if Quadrant is not already a registered notice filer. For information pertaining to the registration status of Quadrant, please contact the SEC or the state securities law administrators for those states in which Quadrant maintains a notice filing. A copy of Quadrant’s current written disclosure statement discussing Quadrant’s business operations, services, and fees is available from Quadrant upon written request. Quadrant does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Quadrant’s web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefor. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.
Past performance may not be indicative of future results. Therefore, no current or prospective client should assume that future performance of any specific investment, investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended or undertaken by Quadrant) or product made reference to directly or indirectly by Quadrant in its web site, or indirectly via a link to an unaffiliated third party web site, will be profitable or equal the corresponding indicated performance level(s). Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that any specific investment will either be suitable or profitable for a client or prospective client’s investment portfolio. Historical performance results for investment indices and/or categories generally do not reflect the deduction of transaction and/or custodial charges, the deduction of an investment management fee, nor the impact of taxes, the incurrence of which would have the effect of decreasing historical performance results.
Certain portions of Quadrant’s web site (i.e. newsletters, articles, commentaries, etc.) may contain a discussion of, and/or provide access to, Quadrant’s (and those of other investment and non-investment professionals) positions and/or recommendations as of a specific prior date. Due to various factors, including changing market conditions, such discussion may no longer be reflective of current position(s) and/or recommendation(s). Moreover, no client or prospective client should assume that any such discussion serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from Quadrant, or from any other investment professional. Quadrant is neither an attorney nor an accountant, and no portion of the web site content should be interpreted as legal, accounting or tax advice.
To the extent that any client or prospective client utilizes any economic calculator or similar device contained within or linked to Quadrant’s web site, the client and/or prospective client acknowledges and understands that the information resulting from the use of any such calculator/device, is not, and should not be construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from Quadrant, or from any other investment professional.
Each client and prospective client agrees, as a condition precedent to his/her/its access to Quadrant’s web site, to release and hold harmless Quadrant, its officers, directors, owners, employees and agents from any and all adverse consequences resulting from any of his/her/its actions and/or omissions which are independent of his/her/its receipt of personalized individual advice from Quadrant.
©2016 Quadrant Capital Management. All rights reserved.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



















Navigating Risks | Quadrant Capital Management






























973-276-0830

  




  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 











Navigating Risks
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




Navigating Risks
Even a well thought out plan needs to carefully identify, calculate and mitigate risks that could derail the plan.  Some risks can be avoided; others can be mitigated.  Quadrant does not sell insurance products, but we do advise clients on the adequacy and appropriateness of various insurance solutions, and we work closely with agents to achieve the appropriate protection.
Here are just some of the common risks to plans:
 

Premature death
Disability
Prolonged long term health care need
Estate taxes
Liability exposure (e.g. rental properties, professional liability)
Concentrated stock positions


 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



















Designing Your Legacy | Quadrant Capital Management






























973-276-0830

  




  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 











Designing Your Legacy
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




Designing Your Legacy
A well-designed financial plan will not only assure you a comfortable lifestyle, but will also afford you opportunities to create a durable legacy to benefit individuals and institutions of your choosing.  Quadrant helps clients craft estate plans to meet their highly individualized family goals and philanthropic interests.
Quadrant works with clients to ensure that their estate plans are effective as well as appropriate.  Our work may include:

Review estate planning documents (e.g. wills, trusts, powers of attorney)
Review how assets are titled to ensure consistency with overall plan
Review beneficiary designations on non-probate property
Implement strategies for maximizing use of gift and estate tax credits, and carefully consider any state gift and estate tax rules
Explore lifetime gifting and estate-freeze strategies
Explore sophisticated lifetime and generational wealth transfer strategies

Quadrant also works with clients to achieve their charitable goals.  We work with clients to devise optimal giving strategies, including the following:
 

Using appreciated assets for gifts
Donor advised funds
Charitable trusts
Private foundations
Planned gifts


 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



















Planning Your Future | Quadrant Capital Management






























973-276-0830

  




  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 











Planning Your Future
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




Planning Your Future
Quadrant’s advisory services consist of four key and interconnected offerings: managing your money, planning your future, navigating risks, and designing your legacy.
We believe deeply that a thoughtful, well designed plan is critical to assuring a successful financial future.  Our team of Certified Financial Planners – CFP® – works closely with you to establish and monitor your plan.  And a financial plan is always a work in progress – it needs to change as your life, your goals, and your circumstances change.
Quadrant adheres to the six-step financial planning process:

Establish financial goals and objectives
Gather data
Process and analyze information
Recommend a comprehensive financial plan
Implement the plan
Monitor the plan

Numerous issues will arise as you navigate your future.  We have deep expertise in these areas:
 

Executive compensation plans, including deferred compensation plans and stock options and restricted stock units
Education planning
Marital status: divorce, marriage
Social Security optimization strategies
Life events: job change, job loss, birth of a child, retirement
Tax aware strategies


 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



















Quadrant Capital Management |






























973-276-0830

  




  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 












We give you the freedom to focus on what
you love and what you value most highly.

 

 
 





Ultimately, we measure our success
on our ability to help you achieve peace
of mind in all financial matters.

 

 
 





We are a group of people with families,
careers, and aspirations, and like our clients,
understand the importance of being able to focus
on these most important items.

 

 
 





As a boutique firm we
continuously cultivate strong
relationships that evolve
as your life changes

 

 
 
 
 
 






 




 




 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



















Quadrant Capital Management |






























973-276-0830

  




  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 












We give you the freedom to focus on what
you love and what you value most highly.

 

 
 





Ultimately, we measure our success
on our ability to help you achieve peace
of mind in all financial matters.

 

 
 





We are a group of people with families,
careers, and aspirations, and like our clients,
understand the importance of being able to focus
on these most important items.

 

 
 





As a boutique firm we
continuously cultivate strong
relationships that evolve
as your life changes

 

 
 
 
 
 






 




 




 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



















Investment Outlook | Quadrant Capital Management






























973-276-0830

  




  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 









Investment Outlook






 






2Q17 Investment Outlook

 
 
 




1Q17-Investment Outlook

 
 
 




4Q16 Investment Outlook

 
 
 




3Q16 Investment Outlook

 
 
 
 
 






2Q16 Investment Outlook

 
 
 




1Q16 Investment Outlook

 
 
 




4Q15 Investment Outlook

 
 
 




3Q15 Investment Outlook

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






















Quadrant Capital Management, LLC Buys Thermo Fisher Scientific, Medtronic PLC, Sells Simon ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Quadrant Capital Management, LLC Buys Thermo Fisher Scientific, Medtronic PLC, Sells Simon ...


April 28, 2017, 04:38:01 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Quadrant Capital Management, LLCNew Purchases: TMO ,Added Positions: MDT , SLB , CVX, HCN, BXP, HON, HD, DFS, O, CUBE,Reduced Positions:SPG, IWN, EFA, PYPL, T, IWF, IWM, DVMT,Sold Out:WLTW, VZ,For the details of Quadrant Capital Management, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Quadrant+Capital+Management%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Quadrant Capital Management, LLCApple Inc ( AAPL ) - 33,254 shares, 3.95% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.52%SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Discretionary ( XLY ) - 47,461 shares, 3.45% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.64%The Home Depot Inc ( HD ) - 25,206 shares, 3.06% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.20%Becton, Dickinson and Co ( BDX ) - 19,825 shares, 3.01% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.53%General Dynamics Corp ( GD ) - 19,147 shares, 2.96% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.60%New Purchase: Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)Quadrant Capital Management, LLC initiated holdings in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. The purchase prices were between $140.98 and $161.05, with an estimated average price of $152.84. The stock is now traded at around $164.98. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.16%. The holdings were 9,175 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Medtronic PLC (MDT)Quadrant Capital Management, LLC added to the holdings in Medtronic PLC by 29.88%. The purchase prices were between $70.61 and $83.3, with an estimated average price of $78.11. The stock is now traded at around $82.95. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.5%. The holdings were 32,733 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW)Quadrant Capital Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Willis Towers Watson PLC. The sale prices were between $122.54 and $131.93, with an estimated average price of $127.14.Sold Out: Verizon Communications Inc (VZ)Quadrant Capital Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Verizon Communications Inc. The sale prices were between $48.03 and $54.64, with an estimated average price of $50.17.Reduced: Simon Property Group Inc (SPG)Quadrant Capital Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in Simon Property Group Inc by 25.95%. The sale prices were between $165.4 and $186.83, with an estimated average price of $178.66. The stock is now traded at around $165.00. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.7%. Quadrant Capital Management, LLC still held 12,789 shares as of 2017-03-31.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 7 Warning Signs with MDT. Click here to check it out.MDT 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of MDTPeter Lynch Chart of MDTPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        AAPL
                                    
, 

                                        XLY
                                    
, 

                                        HD
                                    
, 

                                        BDX
                                    
, 

                                        GD
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Eagle Materials, Inc. Cements Another Record for Revenue Thanks to an Acquisition


						7/28/2017 06:37 AM
					



European Stocks Follow Asia Lower on Technology Rout, Amazon Earnings Miss


						7/28/2017 06:36 AM
					



How Ford Found a Tax Break to Offset a Profit Drop


						7/28/2017 06:14 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





AAPL








86%



Rate It





XLY








100%



Rate It





HD








86%



Rate It





BDX








0%



Rate It





GD








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































