Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC


Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLCContact UsSendQuantitative Systematic Strategies LLC733 3rd Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, NY 10017   |   646.790.5750Copyright © 2016 Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC - All Rights Reserved.Powered by GoDaddy

﻿
































Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Sells 56,529 Shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Has $813,000 Position in KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (NYSE:KS)
Collectors Universe, Inc. (CLCT) Position Reduced by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc.
Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Has $721,000 Position in Advanced Disposal Services Inc (ADSW)
Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Has $919,000 Stake in National Health Investors, Inc. (NHI)
Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Has $950,000 Position in Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM)
Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Takes Position in DXC Technology Company. (DXC)
Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Sells 56,529 Shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM)
Nomura Holdings Inc ADR (NYSE:NMR) to Release Earnings on Friday
OptimizeRx Corp. (OPRX) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday
Orion Engineered Carbons S.A (NYSE:OEC) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
Nam Tai Property Inc. (NYSE:NTP) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday
Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ:VRTU) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong-Buy”
Umpqua Holdings Corporation (UMPQ) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAV) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”
Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. (POT) Announces  Earnings Results
CTS Corporation (NYSE:CTS) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Meets Estimates
Cowen and Company Boosts JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Price Target to $25.00
Comparing Insulet Corporation (NASDAQ:PODD) & ReWalk Robotics (RWLK)
Expedia’s (NASDAQ:EXPE) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group
Clifton Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:CSBK) Releases  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS




 


Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Sells 56,529 Shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM)

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 




Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC cut its stake in shares of  Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM) by 66.6% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 28,371 shares of the asset manager’s stock after selling 56,529 shares during the period. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC’s holdings in Artisan Partners Asset Management were worth $851,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Segantii Capital Management Ltd purchased a new stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management during the first quarter worth $135,000.  Tower Research Capital LLC TRC purchased a new stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management during the first quarter worth $151,000.  Utah Retirement Systems increased its stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management by 10.4% in the first quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 7,400 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $205,000 after buying an additional 700 shares in the last quarter.  KCG Holdings Inc. purchased a new stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management during the first quarter worth $213,000.  Finally, First Mercantile Trust Co. increased its stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management by 23.1% in the first quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 7,723 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $213,000 after buying an additional 1,451 shares in the last quarter. 98.16% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. alerts:



Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE APAM) opened at 33.45 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.65 billion, a PE ratio of 21.04 and a beta of 1.73. Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. has a 12-month low of $24.48 and a 12-month high of $33.85. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $30.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $29.07. 




Artisan Partners Asset Management (NYSE:APAM) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The asset manager reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.03. Artisan Partners Asset Management had a return on equity of 61.99% and a net margin of 10.47%. The firm had revenue of $184.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $182.36 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.51 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 5.5% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. will post $2.33 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Sells 56,529 Shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM)” was originally  reported by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/27/quantitative-systematic-strategies-llc-sells-56529-shares-of-artisan-partners-asset-management-inc-nyseapam.html. 
A number of research firms have weighed in on APAM. ValuEngine raised shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $32.00 target price on shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $32.00 target price on shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Royal Bank Of Canada began coverage on shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management in a research report on Thursday, June 29th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $34.00 target price for the company. Finally, Sidoti began coverage on shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $31.00 target price for the company. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Artisan Partners Asset Management currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $29.56.
Artisan Partners Asset Management Company Profile
Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc is an investment management company. The Company provides a range of the United States, non-United States and global investment strategies, each of which is managed by one of its investment teams. The Company provides investment management services to separate accounts, mutual funds and other pooled investment vehicles.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APAM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM).







Receive News & Ratings for Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website





































































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












﻿
































Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Sells 56,529 Shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Has $813,000 Position in KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (NYSE:KS)
Collectors Universe, Inc. (CLCT) Position Reduced by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc.
Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Has $721,000 Position in Advanced Disposal Services Inc (ADSW)
Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Has $919,000 Stake in National Health Investors, Inc. (NHI)
Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Has $950,000 Position in Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM)
Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Takes Position in DXC Technology Company. (DXC)
Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Sells 56,529 Shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM)
Nomura Holdings Inc ADR (NYSE:NMR) to Release Earnings on Friday
OptimizeRx Corp. (OPRX) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday
Orion Engineered Carbons S.A (NYSE:OEC) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
Nam Tai Property Inc. (NYSE:NTP) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday
Virtusa Corporation (NASDAQ:VRTU) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong-Buy”
Umpqua Holdings Corporation (UMPQ) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAV) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”
Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. (POT) Announces  Earnings Results
CTS Corporation (NYSE:CTS) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Meets Estimates
Cowen and Company Boosts JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Price Target to $25.00
Comparing Insulet Corporation (NASDAQ:PODD) & ReWalk Robotics (RWLK)
Expedia’s (NASDAQ:EXPE) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group
Clifton Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:CSBK) Releases  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS




 


Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Sells 56,529 Shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM)

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 




Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC cut its stake in shares of  Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM) by 66.6% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 28,371 shares of the asset manager’s stock after selling 56,529 shares during the period. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC’s holdings in Artisan Partners Asset Management were worth $851,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Segantii Capital Management Ltd purchased a new stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management during the first quarter worth $135,000.  Tower Research Capital LLC TRC purchased a new stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management during the first quarter worth $151,000.  Utah Retirement Systems increased its stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management by 10.4% in the first quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 7,400 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $205,000 after buying an additional 700 shares in the last quarter.  KCG Holdings Inc. purchased a new stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management during the first quarter worth $213,000.  Finally, First Mercantile Trust Co. increased its stake in  Artisan Partners Asset Management by 23.1% in the first quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 7,723 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $213,000 after buying an additional 1,451 shares in the last quarter. 98.16% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. alerts:



Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE APAM) opened at 33.45 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.65 billion, a PE ratio of 21.04 and a beta of 1.73. Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. has a 12-month low of $24.48 and a 12-month high of $33.85. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $30.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $29.07. 




Artisan Partners Asset Management (NYSE:APAM) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The asset manager reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.03. Artisan Partners Asset Management had a return on equity of 61.99% and a net margin of 10.47%. The firm had revenue of $184.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $182.36 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.51 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 5.5% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. will post $2.33 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Sells 56,529 Shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM)” was originally  reported by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/27/quantitative-systematic-strategies-llc-sells-56529-shares-of-artisan-partners-asset-management-inc-nyseapam.html. 
A number of research firms have weighed in on APAM. ValuEngine raised shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $32.00 target price on shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $32.00 target price on shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Royal Bank Of Canada began coverage on shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management in a research report on Thursday, June 29th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $34.00 target price for the company. Finally, Sidoti began coverage on shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $31.00 target price for the company. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating and five have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Artisan Partners Asset Management currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $29.56.
Artisan Partners Asset Management Company Profile
Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc is an investment management company. The Company provides a range of the United States, non-United States and global investment strategies, each of which is managed by one of its investment teams. The Company provides investment management services to separate accounts, mutual funds and other pooled investment vehicles.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APAM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (NYSE:APAM).







Receive News & Ratings for Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




























































Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























quantitative systematic strategies llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC operates as an investment advisory firm. The Company offers portfolio and investment management services to institutions, trust, and high net worth individuals.




Corporate Information
Address:

501 Kings Highway East
Suite 302
Fairfield, CT 06825
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web











Key Executives


Edward Andreas Raha


President/Principal/Mng Member




Molly Ryanne Breen


Chief Compliance OFC/Principal







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































QEP Resources, Inc. (QEP) Stake Raised by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC






















Company Info 
 
Terms of Use 
Sitemap 
































You are here:
Main

»

					QEP Resources, Inc. (QEP) Stake Raised by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC				








QEP Resources, Inc. (QEP) Stake Raised by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC 
 


by
		

				Hector Silva			 - 
		

at 
July 27, 2017  





Share















TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: "QEP Resources, Inc". UBS Group AG's holdings in QEP Resources were worth $1,310,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 12,788 shares of the pipeline company's stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 651 shares during the period. Flinton Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of QEP Resources by 4.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in shares of QEP Resources by 12,055.6% in the first quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama raised its stake in shares of QEP Resources by 4.5% in the first quarter. Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC now owns 17,930 shares of the pipeline company's stock worth $228,000 after buying an additional 748 shares during the last quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its stake in shares of QEP Resources by 8.9% in the fourth quarter. State Treasurer State of MI now owns 97,400 shares of the pipeline company's stock valued at $1,238,000 after buying an additional 900 shares during the period. Verition Fund Mgmt Ltd Liability Corporation owns 0.07% invested in QEP Resources Inc (NYSE:QEP) for 41,494 shares. Capstone Asset Co has invested 0.01% in QEP Resources Inc (NYSE:QEP). Considering that the stock daily volume of 10.02 million shares, this represents a pretty noteworthy trading in volume size that is above 5 million trading capacity in last session. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.85 vs.an industry average at 2.14. (NYSE:QEP)'s stock about -32.51% from the 50-day high and -8.04% away from the 50-day low. Extending back, their 50-Day Simple Moving Average is -13.50%, looking even further back, their 200-Day Simple Moving Average stands at -40.72%. Metropolitan Life Insur owns 0.03% invested in QEP Resources Inc (NYSE:QEP) for 223,817 shares.
In the last reported quarter, Qep Resources reported its Actual EPS (earnings per share) of $-0.12/share where most of the analysts working on this stock were estimating the EPS to be $-0.2/share. It turned negative, as 36 investors sold QEP Resources Inc shares while 103 reduced holdings. The company had revenue of $383.70 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $413.27 million.Weighted Alpha is used to calculate how much a share has gone up or down over a certain period, normally a year.These assets contain an estimated 15.2bcfe of proved reserves as of 31 December last year, with a net production of around 4mmcfed in the first quarter of this year. The stock of QEP Resources Inc (NYSE:QEP) earned "Buy" rating by Zacks on Monday, August 10.
All new security measures removed from Jerusalem holy site - Israel police
					On Sunday, a rocket was launched into Israel from the Gaza Strip, but hit an open area, causing no damage, Israel's military said. The spasm of violence began on Friday, when Israeli security forces shot three demonstrators dead, Palestinian medics said.
				
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & global trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/qep-resources-inc-nyseqep-releases-earnings-results-beats-expectations-by-0-08-eps.html. (QEP) recently closed with fall of -2.99% to its 20-Day Simple Moving Average. Stifel Nicolaus started coverage on shares of QEP Resources in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. FBR & Co set a $20.00 price objective on QEP Resources and gave the stock a "buy" rating in a research report on Saturday, April 15th. Six analysts have provided estimates for QEP Resources' earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $447.40 million and the lowest estimate coming in at $398.00 million. They issued a "neutral" rating and a $15.00 target price for the company.Deutsche Bank "Downgrades" Qep Resources (NYSE:QEP) in a research note issued to investors on 7/18/17 to Hold with price target of $0. The shipping company added 2 new board members today including one independent director, bringing the board total to 5. It looks like analysts are feeling bullish about the stock with overall sell-side analysts calling it a not a Buy. QEP Resources now has an average rating of "Hold" and an average price target of $18.82.Valuation Ratios of QEP Resources, Inc.

 







Share













Related Articles









27 July 2017




Inmates use smuggled phone to film their escape from prison
				The men led authorities on a week-long manhunt before they were recaptured. "It's kind of bananas", the men say in the video.  Hossain Nayeri, Jonathan Tieu and Bac Duong were on the run a year ago after breaking out of an Orange County jail .			








27 July 2017




Brokerage Overview of: Wells Fargo & Company
				It turned negative, as 112 investors sold WFC shares while 836 reduced holdings. 22 funds opened positions while 70 raised stakes. Institutional investors now hold around $209.02 billion or 77.5% in WFC stock. 98 funds opened positions while 244 raised stakes.			








27 July 2017




Samsung may bring Samsung Pay to other high-end phones
				A source said that the South Korean phone maker has already held initial talks with manufacturers regarding this option. Digital payments services like Apple Pay and Samsung Pay restrict the functionality to their native devices.			










27 July 2017




At UN, Israel Defends Jerusalem Security Measures
				Muslim worshippers are still refusing to pass through the gates to the holy sites and are instead praying outside in protest. Egypt, France and Sweden called for the talks following clashes over the weekend that left five Palestinians dead.			








27 July 2017




Arundhati Roy returns to Booker Prize reckoning 20 years on
				The shortlist will be annouced on 13th September, and the victor will be revealed at a ceremony in London on 17th October. The list was chosen from 144 submissions published in the United Kingdom between 1 October 2016 and 30 September 2017.			






Banco Bradesco Sa (NYSE:BBD)
				LLC now owns 10,961 shares of the bank's stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 466 shares in the last quarter. Banco Bradesco SA's payout ratio is 76.87%. 05/05/2016 - Banco Bradesco Sa had its " rating reiterated by analysts at UBS.			










27 July 2017




Mother left infant son buckled into auto  seat without food for days
				The father pleaded guilty to aggravated domestic violence in September past year and was sentenced to one day in jail. She was convicted in 2016 of embezzling less than $200 from a business in Wyoming , a suburb of Grand Rapids.			








27 July 2017




Gary Neville Has Had Another Pop At Pep Guardiola Following "Journalist" Comments
				However, they were quickly reminded of Pep's admission in May that teenagers like Foden would struggle for game time this season. He has the quality to play in that team.			








27 July 2017




Senate Democrats Delay Witness from Testifying Against Fusion GPS
				Veselnitskaya had allegedly promised to provide Trump Jr. with compromising information about Trump's rival Hillary Clinton . Asked his opinion of FARA compliance, Browder said the Trump Tower was meeting emblematic of the law's shortcomings.			










27 July 2017




Falcons' Julio Jones Hires Dive Team to Find his Lost $150K Earring
				In the process, one of his diamond earrings popped out of his ear and sunk to the bottom of the man-made lake. That was when he apparently hit a boat wake and was tossed into the water.			








27 July 2017




Markov will not return to Canadiens
				The Canadiens announced Thursday Markov, who has spent his entire 16-year career with Montreal, will not be re-signed by the team. He sits sixth in franchise history in games played and tied for second in points with Guy Lapointe for points among defenceman.			








27 July 2017




LA Galaxy Fire Curt Onalfo, Hire Sigi Schmid
				The 64-year-old returns to Los Angeles after coaching UCLA from 1980 to 1999 and leading the Galaxy from 1999 to 2004. Five months into Curt Onalfo's first season in charge of the LA Galaxy , the club has moved in another direction.			














		Latest news
	




			Wonder Woman's Chris Pine and Patty Jenkins reunite for TNT crime drama		

		Patty Jenkins apparently also loves seeing Chris Pine in period dress because they're teaming up for another project. The series is called One Day She'll Darken , and it's a true crime story based on the autobiography of Fauna Hodel .	


			Kidnapped Pakistani diplomats recovered in Afghanistan		

		The militants present in Afghanistan are involved in terror activities in both countries (Pakistan and Afghanistan), he asserted.  They would be flown back to Pakistan to join their families as soon as possible, a ministry's statement said.	


			Mourinho unveils Manchester United transfer plans		

		FC Barcelona will play their second match of the U.S. preseason tour against Manchester United at the FedExField in Washington. With that you can win; in football it is possible that a team is, in a certain day, better than the sum of the parts.	


			The unlocked Moto Z2 Play is now available for preorder for $499		

		The device is expected to come with 4GB RAM and 64GB internal storage that could be expanded up to 128GB via microSD card. Lenovo has launched the smartphone in three color variants namely Fine Gold, Lunar Grey as well as Super Black colors.	


			United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)- Safe Haven Investment Performance Stocks		

		The Sherwin-Williams Company (SHW) shares have moved -1.66% in the week and -1.37% in the month. (NYSE:UPS) for 66,731 shares. It dived, as 49 investors sold UPS shares while 433 reduced holdings. 108 funds opened positions while 392 raised stakes.	


			MGM Resorts International (MGM)		

		Finally, Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in MGM Resorts International by 7.4% in the first quarter. The Davidson Kempner Capital Management Lp holds 1.30 million shares with $37.48M value, up from 400,000 last quarter.	


			West Ham's Hopes of Landing Celtic Striker Moussa Dembele Receive Boost		

		France Under-21 global Dembele scored 32 goals in his debut season for Celtic after joining from Fulham last summer.  If Dembele does arrive at Chelsea, it is thought he would be a back up to the newly signed Alvaro Morata.	


			Analysts Near-Term outlook: The Procter & Gamble Company (PG), Gevo, Inc. (GEVO)		

		Sun Life Inc has 0% invested in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). 155 funds opened positions while 739 raised stakes. Procter & Gamble and Kimberly-Clark are both Dividend Aristocrats , with long histories of rising dividends.	


			The Boy Scouts just apologized for the president's behavior		

		The Boy Scouts of America on Thursday apologized for President's Trump's politically-charged speech to kids at the youth organization's annual gathering this week.	


			Diego Costa's agent Jorge Mendes meets with AC Milan directors		

		Chelsea striker Diego Costa has become the top priority for AC Milan as they look to bring in a big name striker this summer. And Sportitalia says during negotiations, Mendes also suggested Milan consider Falcao.	


			José Mourinho says Man United are not 'big candidates' for title		

		Manchester City have taken their summer spending past the £200million mark with the signing of Monaco defender Benjamin Mendy. United are the 100/30 second favourites to win the Premier League with Sky Bet.	


			Ryan drops border-tax proposal as GOP unifies around principles		

		Like on health care, GOP members will have the pen and paper - not Trump and his team, despite his campaign pledges on both issues.	


			Muller double helps Bayern defeat Chelsea in Singapore		

		Chelsea play Inter Milan in Singapore on Saturday. "The positions he takes on the pitch are very useful for the side". This was a pre-season game and we must just get ourselves back fit again and keep on working hard in training.	


			China's LKK to buy London's "Walkie Talkie" skyscraper		

		The property also features the famous Sky Garden which is one of the most popular and welcome visitor attractions in London. For LKK Health Products Group, the deal to buy the "Walkie Talkie" building is its first outside of Hong Kong and China.	


			HighTower Advisors LLC Has $227000 Stake in JetBlue Airways Corporation (NASDAQ:JBLU)		

		Finally, State Treasurer State of MI boosted its position in shares of JetBlue Airways Corporation by 0.4% in the second quarter. According to the analysts, Jetblue Airways Cp (NASDAQ:JBLU) is expected to announce $0.57/share EPS for the current quarter.	







		Other news
	


Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.21		


PM Modi condoles the demise of Ex-Karnataka CM N. Dharam Singh		


Diebold, Incorporated (NYSE:DBD) SVP Purchases 2000 Shares of Stock		


Katy Perry Dresses As Moonman To Announce 2017 MTV VMAs Hosting Gig		


Fans credit pigeon with Nationals' record-setting home-run barrage		


Analysis of Analyst Stock Recommendation:: Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc. (FMSA)		


Umpire Will Little Goes Full Frank Drebin, Throws Out 3 Blue Jays		


Vikings sign DE Everson Griffen to contract extension		


Trump declares he has 'complete power to pardon'		


Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) Given Consensus Recommendation of "Buy" by Analysts		


Flash flood warning extended for Las Vegas Valley		


Beyoncé and Jay-Z apparently hired SIX nannies for their twins		


Adobe to finally kick Flash to the curb		


Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Comcast Corporation (CMCSA)		


The Dirty Secret to Trading Nuance Communications, Inc. (NUAN), FNB Corporation (FNB)		


 




 




























Chaffey Breeze
















 
















 



  
 
 







Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads
Jul 27th, 2017
				Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network...   






Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations

							Jul 26th, 2017						 

							Caterpillar Inc. posted results that swept past expectations and increased its...   
 





Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands

							Jul 25th, 2017						 

							In Wisconsin, some workers at one company will soon have microchips implanted...   
 





Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials

							Jul 24th, 2017						 

							Late in 2017, Air France-KLM announced that it would be launching a new standalone...   
 





Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower

							Jul 23rd, 2017						 

							A U.S. federal agency ordered San Francisco-based Wells Fargo to re-hire the...   
 
 
 



Economy
China and U.S. Fail to Come to Agreement on Trade

					Jul 20th, 2017				





					China and the United States on Wednesday could not reach an agreement on major steps to lower the trade deficit in the U.S. with China, which has cast doubt over the security and economic relations...  
More »

Canadian Dollar Strengthens as Prices of Oil and Exports Rise
India Launches Ambitious Tax Reform
New Jobs Almost 50,000 Less than Expected
Debt in U.S. Households Returns
Retail Sales in U.S. Rise; Rebound in Consumer Prices
Jobs Market Rebounds, Adds Over 211,000 New Jobs
Governor Brown Signs Measure to Increase Gas Tax
Growth During First Quarter in U.S. Weakest in 36 Months




Health
Soda Tax in Cook Country Blocked by Judge

					Jul 1st, 2017				





					On Friday, a judge blocked the one cent per ounce tax in Cook County, Illinois on soda and other sweetened beverages until at least July 12. The tax would have gone into effect on July 1.
The...  
More »

Brazilian Beef Banned by U.S. Due to Concerns Over Safety
Overdose Treatment Has Increased in Price 680% in Three Years
Johnson & Johnson Expects Higher Results in Full Year 2017
Largest Bank in Ukraine Rescued by the State
Health Spending in U.S. Increased Nearly 6%
Athol Farm Meat Recalled by USDA
Aetna Pulling Out of Majority of Obamacare Exchanges
Italy Ready to Pass Legislation Pushing Vendors Not to Throw out Food




Business
Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads

					Jul 27th, 2017				





					Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network established...  
More »

Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations
Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands
Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials
Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower
China Open Rice Market to Exports from U.S.
Frontier Airlines Doubling Its Size
Benefits of Trading with FxPro MetaTrader 4 (FxPro MT4)
Earnings for UnitedHealth Increase 30%, Forecast Increased






Technology
China Tightens Controls for Online Videos

					Jun 23rd, 2017				





					Three popular internet services in China have been ordered by officials to stop streaming video following complaints by censors that it contained comments that were improper related to sensitive...  
More »

Personal Data of 200 Million Voters Has Been Leaked
Tech’s Biggest Names to Meet at the White House
Apple Makes $1 Billion Investment in Tech Fund
High Tech Ready to Help Fight Against Lost Luggage
PC Market Drops, But Not As Much As Expected
Report: Google to Release Smartphone in 2016
Facebook Threatening to Delete Its Synced Photos If Photo App Not Downloaded
“Hitler” References Among Most Popular in Reddit Comments




Education
Nebraska Department of Education Grant Seeks to Improve Opportunities for Students After High School

					Feb 10th, 2016				





					If we distill the education system down to a single fundamental principle, most would probably argue that our schools are supposed to teach and prepare children for a productive adulthood.
Schools...  
More »

US Education System: Technology and Diversity
Should America Stop Standardized Testing?
Does America Need Technology Education Standards?
Can We Ever Achieve Education Equality?
America Needs Special Education Teachers




 
 
























Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Crh Plc (LON:CRH) Receives GBX 3,032.71 Average Price Target from Brokerages
Endeavour Silver Corporation (NYSE:EXK) vs. First Majestic Silver Corp. (AG) Critical Analysis
Key Energy Services (NYSE:KEG) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds
Aegion Corp’s (NASDAQ:AEGN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus
HC Wainwright Reiterates $13.00 Price Target for Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:INO)
Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Hibbett Sports (NASDAQ:HIBB) Share Price
Head to Head Analysis: Ulta Beauty (NASDAQ:ULTA) & e.l.f. Beauty (ELF)
Informa Plc (LON:INF) Receives GBX 768.53 Average Price Target from Analysts
Total System Services, Inc. (NYSE:TSS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages
Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (NASDAQ:MDRX) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows
Reviewing Corning (GLW) & Planar Systems (NASDAQ:PLNR)
NN, Inc. (NNBR) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Price Target Increased to GBX 3,850 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley
Vetr Inc. Lowers Antares Pharma, Inc. (ATRS) to Hold
Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) PT Raised to GBX 87
Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Given Buy Rating at Instinet
BidaskClub Lowers CubeSmart (CUBE) to Strong Sell
Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Given a €23.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts
NEX Group PLC (NXG) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital
Evolving Systems (EVOL) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows



 
 






































﻿
































TravelCenters of America (TA) vs. Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) Head to Head Review - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for TravelCenters of America LLC
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor TravelCenters of America LLC with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Inter Pipeline Ltd (IPL) Receives C$30.89 Consensus PT from Analysts
Reviewing Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) and AMC Entertainment Holdings (AMC)
Norsat International (NSAT) versus I.D. Systems (IDSY) Financial Analysis
TravelCenters of America (TA) vs. Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) Head to Head Review
Automotive Properties Real Est Invt TR (APR.UN) Receives C$11.79 Consensus PT from Analysts
New Gold Inc. (NGD) Receives C$4.62 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
Traders Buy Shares of DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) on Weakness
Traders Buy Shares of Visa Inc. (V) on Weakness
Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:IART) Announces  Earnings Results
Pinnacle West Capital Corporation (NYSE:PNW) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Activision Blizzard (ATVI) vs. Sohu.com (SOHU) Head to Head Review
Stagecoach Group (NASDAQ:SAGKF) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
Itron, Inc. (NASDAQ:ITRI) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird
SPS Commerce, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPSC) Given Hold Rating at Canaccord Genuity
II-VI Incorporated (NASDAQ:IIVI) Lowered to Neutral at B. Riley
Maui Land & Pineapple (MLP) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.13
Peoples Financial Services Corp. (PFIS) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Accern Reports
Alphabet’s (GOOGL) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at KeyCorp
Critical Survey: Sterling Construction (STRL) and Jacobs Engineering Group (NYSE:JEC)
PNM Resources, Inc. (Holding Co.) (NYSE:PNM) Declares $0.24 Quarterly Dividend




 


TravelCenters of America (TA) vs. Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) Head to Head Review

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 




TravelCenters of America (NYSE: TA) and Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) are both energy companies, but which is the superior stock? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their analyst recommendations, profitabiliy, institutional ownership, dividends, earnings, valuation and risk. 
Profitability


 Get TravelCenters of America LLC alerts:



This table compares TravelCenters of America and Murphy USA’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


TravelCenters of America
-2.11%
-20.79%
-7.19%


Murphy USA
1.10%
18.37%
6.44%






Risk & Volatility
TravelCenters of America has a beta of 2.92, suggesting that its share price is 192% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Murphy USA has a beta of 0.68, suggesting that its share price is 32% less volatile than the S&P 500. 
Valuation & Earnings
This table compares TravelCenters of America and Murphy USA’s gross revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


TravelCenters of America
$5.75 billion
0.03
$99.40 million
$0.06
62.50


Murphy USA
$10.13 billion
0.28
$347.41 million
$3.39
22.44


Murphy USA has higher revenue and earnings than TravelCenters of America. Murphy USA is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than TravelCenters of America, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Analyst Recommendations
This is a breakdown of current recommendations and price targets for TravelCenters of America and Murphy USA, as reported by MarketBeat. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


TravelCenters of America
0
1
2
0
2.67


Murphy USA
0
3
2
0
2.40


TravelCenters of America currently has a consensus price target of $7.25, indicating a potential upside of 93.33%. Murphy USA has a consensus price target of $83.00, indicating a potential upside of 9.12%. Given TravelCenters of America’s stronger consensus rating and  higher possible upside, equities analysts plainly believe TravelCenters of America is more favorable than Murphy USA.
Institutional & Insider Ownership
98.2% of Murphy USA shares are owned by institutional investors. 7.3% of Murphy USA shares are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments, hedge funds and large money managers believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.
Summary
Murphy USA beats TravelCenters of America on 9 of the 12 factors compared between the two stocks.
TravelCenters of America Company Profile
TravelCenters of America LLC (TravelCenters) operates and franchises travel centers and convenience store and restaurant locations. The Company’s segments include travel centers, convenience stores, and corporate and other. The Company offers a range of products and services, including diesel fuel and gasoline, as well as nonfuel products and services, such as truck repair and maintenance services, full service restaurants, quick service restaurants (QSRs), travel/convenience stores and various customer amenities. Its customers include trucking fleets and their drivers, independent truck drivers, highway and local motorists, and casual diners. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s business included 255 travel centers in 43 states in the United States primarily along the United States interstate highway system, and the province of Ontario, Canada. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s business included 233 convenience stores in 11 states in the United States.
Murphy USA Company Profile
Murphy USA Inc. is engaged in the marketing of retail motor fuel products and merchandise through a chain of retail stores. The Company operates through the Marketing segment. The Marketing segment includes its retail marketing sites and product supply, and wholesale assets. As of December 31, 2016, its retail stores were located in 26 states, primarily in the Southwest, Southeast and Midwest the United States. Out of the total 1,401 stores, 1,152 were branded Murphy USA and 249 were Murphy Express locations, as of December 31, 2016. Its retail stores under the brand name Murphy USA participate in the Walmart discount program. The Walmart discount program offers a cents-off per gallon purchased for fuel when using specific payment methods as decided by Walmart and the Company. Its business also includes product supply and wholesale assets, including product distribution terminals and pipeline positions.






Receive News & Ratings for TravelCenters of America LLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TravelCenters of America LLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website











































































Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC - Financial Services Firm, New York, NY - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC





Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC is a RIA based in NY, NY with $735M in AUM . Edward Andreas Raha is the majority owner of the firm and has been in this role with the firm since 2012.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   NY, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
6


Total Assets
$735,316,789









Location
        



733 3rd Ave


NY,
NY
10017


646-790-5750









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on Aug. 20, 2016





$735.3M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






5

          
Accounts
          


$147.1M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Edward Andreas Raha

Managing Member
      
August, 2012
      
75% or more
      


Molly Ryanne Breen

Chief Compliance Officer
      
November, 2012
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Fixed Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations









































        IAPD - Investment Adviser Search

































                    An official website of the United States Government
                    




















Individual


Firm









                        at
                    










5 Miles
15 Miles
25 Miles











Search












Below is a list of all possible matches that were returned based on the search criteria you provided.   Search results may include both investment advisers and broker-dealers.  Results show whether each firm is an investment adviser, broker-dealer or both. 
Clicking the Get Details button will provide you with a summary for the individual or firm.
For additional information, please see the information below the list of possible matches. 


1 Result






QUANTITATIVE SYSTEMATIC STRATEGIES LLC(CRD# 165895 / SEC# 801-77355)
Alternate Names:
                    





                                733 3RD AVENUE, 15TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY 10017






                    Investment Adviser Firm
                












The investment advisers listed above are (or were in the last 10 years) registered with the SEC and/or the states, or exempt from registration but required to file reports with the SEC and/or the states.
The broker-dealers listed above have information in FINRA’s BrokerCheck system.
By clicking on any investment adviser above, you will be viewing the most recent Form ADV it filed. Investment advisers file a Form ADV to register with the SEC and/or the states. Exempt Reporting Advisers complete a portion of Form ADV for purposes of reporting to the SEC and/or the states.
By clicking on any broker-dealer above, you will be linked to FINRA's BrokerCheck system to view information about that broker-dealer.
If you would like additional information about an investment adviser (such as the investment adviser's previously filed Form ADVs), contact the SEC Public Reference Room (202-551-8090) or contact a state where the investment adviser is registered or files reports.
If the individual or firm you are searching for is not listed above, click here for suggestions.
Please click here to return to the beginning of the search results.  



























QUANTITATIVE SYSTEMATIC STRATEGIES LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      QUANTITATIVE SYSTEMATIC STRATEGIES LLC
                    

HTTP://QUANTSS.COM
•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Quantitative Systematic Strategies is based out of New York. Quantitative Systematic Strategies is a large advisory firm with  1-10 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $478,171,656 (Form ADV from 2017-03-28).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q2 2017 included $393,164,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 8.33%. Quantitative Systematic Strategies's largest holding is Oracle Corp with shares held of 83,920.   WhaleWisdom has at least 16 13F filings in our database for Quantitative Systematic Strategies. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from QUANTITATIVE SYSTEMATIC STRATEGIES LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















06/30/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


AAL
        
        American Airlines G...
0.829%



DIS
        
        Walt Disney Co. (The)
0.727%



DLTR
        
        Dollar Tree Inc.
0.694%



WEN
        
        Wendys Co. (The)
0.653%



SWK
        
        Stanley Black & Dec...
0.653%








06/30/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


DOV
         
         Dover Corp.
0.781%


UAL
         
         United Continental ...
0.671%


PH
         
         Parker-Hannifin Corp.
0.657%


WY
         
         Weyerhaeuser Corp.
0.653%


MCK
         
         McKesson Corp. (New)
0.629%







06/30/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


ORCL
                                                  
                                                  Oracle Corp
1.0716%


KO
                                                  
                                                  Coca Cola Co.
1.0014%


DE
                                                  
                                                  Deere & Co.
0.8785%


AAL
                                                  
                                                  American Airlines Group,Inc.
0.8289%


CSX
                                                  
                                                  CSX Corp.
0.7824%

See All Holdings






06/30/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $393.164 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $356.454 Million
New Purchases215 stocks
Additional Purchases112 stocks
Sold out of134 stocks
Reduced holdings in102 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %8.33%
Turnover %
                        [1]:81.16%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:49.49%
Time Held Top20:0.35 quarters
Time Held Top10:0.30 quarters
Time Held All:2.53 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






06/30/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for QUANTITATIVE SYSTEMATIC STRATEGIES LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
0.72%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
13.68%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q2 2017 13F Filings 
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-06-30
2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

QUANTITATIVE SYSTEMATIC STRATEGIES LLC

Classified as Hedge Fund

733 3RD AVENUE
15TH FLOOR

NEW YORK
NY
            
        10017
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          646-790-5750
Fax:
              646-417-7879


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
6


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor 


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Fixed fees,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://QUANTSS.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 06/30/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 06/30/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free










































Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC - Financial Services Firm, New York, NY - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC





Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC is a RIA based in NY, NY with $735M in AUM . Edward Andreas Raha is the majority owner of the firm and has been in this role with the firm since 2012.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   NY, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
6


Total Assets
$735,316,789









Location
        



733 3rd Ave


NY,
NY
10017


646-790-5750









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on Aug. 20, 2016





$735.3M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






5

          
Accounts
          


$147.1M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Edward Andreas Raha

Managing Member
      
August, 2012
      
75% or more
      


Molly Ryanne Breen

Chief Compliance Officer
      
November, 2012
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Fixed Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations

































