
























2,200 Shares in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) Acquired by QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Air Products and Chemicals Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Snap-On Incorporated (SNA) Receives $195.00 Average PT from Analysts
Head to Head Comparison: VOXX International Corporation (NASDAQ:VOXX) & O’Reilly Automotive (ORLY)
Critical Analysis: American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) and Buckle, Inc. (The) (BKE)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Purchases 154 Shares of Watsco Inc (NYSE:WSO)
2,200 Shares in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) Acquired by QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Purchases 7,576 Shares of Landauer, Inc. (NYSE:LDR)
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) Position Maintained by Investec Asset Management LTD
Analyzing Standard Motor Products (SMP) and Commercial Vehicle Group (CVGI)
Legal & General Group Plc Purchases 48,435 Shares of Chimera Investment Corporation (NYSE:CIM)
Materion Corporation (NYSE:MTRN) Position Maintained by Royce & Associates LP
H&R Block, Inc. (NYSE:HRB) Position Maintained by Royce & Associates LP
Royce & Associates LP Has $165,000 Position in MarineMax, Inc. (NYSE:HZO)
Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Global Ports Holding PLC (GPH)
Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
SM Energy Company (NYSE:SM) Shares Sold by California Public Employees Retirement System
BP p.l.c. (NYSE:BP) Position Decreased by P.A.W. Capital Corp
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Raises Stake in Park National Co. (NYSEMKT:PRK)
American Electric Power Company, Inc. (NYSE:AEP) Position Decreased by Good Life Advisors LLC
Gerdau S.A. (NYSE:GGB) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research
Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (NYSE:PF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research


 


2,200 Shares in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) Acquired by QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd purchased a new position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm purchased 2,200 shares of the basic materials company’s stock, valued at approximately $298,000. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in APD. iAB Financial Bank acquired a new stake in Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Westport Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Air Products and Chemicals during the fourth quarter valued at about $115,000. State of Alaska Department of Revenue purchased a new stake in Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at about $109,000. Sowell Financial Services LLC purchased a new stake in Air Products and Chemicals during the fourth quarter valued at about $117,000. Finally, Webster Bank N. A. raised its stake in Air Products and Chemicals by 68.2% in the first quarter. Webster Bank N. A. now owns 851 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 345 shares during the last quarter. 89.20% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Air Products and Chemicals Inc. alerts:



Shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE APD) traded down 0.25% during trading on Friday, reaching $145.64. 1,226,559 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $144.53 and a 200-day moving average of $141.82. The company has a market capitalization of $31.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.07 and a beta of 1.26. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a 1-year low of $129.00 and a 1-year high of $150.45. 




Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.05. Air Products and Chemicals had a net margin of 36.19% and a return on equity of 19.26%. The company had revenue of $1.98 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.84 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $1.82 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.16 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, November 13th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, October 10th will be paid a $0.95 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, October 6th. This represents a $3.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.61%. Air Products and Chemicals’s dividend payout ratio is presently 26.28%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first published by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/quantres-asset-management-ltd-buys-shares-of-2200-air-products-and-chemicals-inc-nyseapd-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts recently weighed in on APD shares. Deutsche Bank AG raised shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price target for the company from $148.00 to $160.00 in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $152.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $155.00 price objective on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a report on Friday, July 14th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, June 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $152.85.
About Air Products and Chemicals
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd Buys Micron Technology Inc, Freeport-McMoRan Inc, Target Corp, ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd Buys Micron Technology Inc, Freeport-McMoRan Inc, Target Corp, ...


January 17, 2017, 06:38:09 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT LtdNew Purchases: UAA , WBA , KORS , BBY, NFX, RL, MLM, SPGI, ADSK, DLTR,Added Positions:MU, FCX, TGT, KMI, EQT, EOG, URBN, SWN, PDCO, NUE,Reduced Positions:FDX, MA, DRI, HUM, PCAR, TIF, ULTA, NBL, KR, GM,Sold Out:CCL, VLO, OXY, ALK, CELG, DD, RHT, BIIB, WFM, SYF,For the details of QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=QUANTRES+ASSET+MANAGEMENT+LtdThese are the top 5 holdings of QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT LtdMicron Technology Inc ( MU ) - 247,800 shares, 3.94% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 691.69%Freeport-McMoRan Inc ( FCX ) - 345,400 shares, 3.3% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 652.51%Target Corp ( TGT ) - 55,700 shares, 2.92% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 828.33%Kinder Morgan Inc ( KMI ) - 177,300 shares, 2.66% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 372.80%Under Armour Inc ( UAA ) - 119,100 shares, 2.51% of the total portfolio. New PositionNew Purchase: Under Armour Inc ( UAA )QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd initiated holdings in Under Armour Inc. The purchase prices were between $29.05 and $38.82, with an estimated average price of $32.82. The stock is now traded at around $30.08. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.51%. The holdings were 119,100 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd initiated holdings in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. The purchase prices were between $77.18 and $87.73, with an estimated average price of $82.69. The stock is now traded at around $83.82. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.28%. The holdings were 38,100 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd initiated holdings in Michael Kors Holdings Ltd. The purchase prices were between $42.75 and $51.76, with an estimated average price of $47.49. The stock is now traded at around $42.39. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.87%. The holdings were 60,200 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Best Buy Co Inc (BBY)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd initiated holdings in Best Buy Co Inc. The purchase prices were between $37.89 and $49.31, with an estimated average price of $42.49. The stock is now traded at around $43.83. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.85%. The holdings were 60,000 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Newfield Exploration Co (NFX)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd initiated holdings in Newfield Exploration Co. The purchase prices were between $37.83 and $47.88, with an estimated average price of $42.5. The stock is now traded at around $41.90. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.81%. The holdings were 61,600 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Ralph Lauren Corp (RL)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd initiated holdings in Ralph Lauren Corp. The purchase prices were between $89.45 and $113.68, with an estimated average price of $101.61. The stock is now traded at around $86.32. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.8%. The holdings were 27,500 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Micron Technology Inc ( MU )QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd added to the holdings in Micron Technology Inc by 691.69%. The purchase prices were between $16.62 and $23.3, with an estimated average price of $18.78. The stock is now traded at around $22.18. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.44%. The holdings were 247,800 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Freeport-McMoRan Inc ( FCX )QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd added to the holdings in Freeport-McMoRan Inc by 652.51%. The purchase prices were between $9.52 and $16.21, with an estimated average price of $12.79. The stock is now traded at around $15.19. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.86%. The holdings were 345,400 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Target Corp ( TGT )QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd added to the holdings in Target Corp by 828.33%. The purchase prices were between $66.53 and $78.61, with an estimated average price of $72.39. The stock is now traded at around $70.19. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.61%. The holdings were 55,700 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Kinder Morgan Inc ( KMI )QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd added to the holdings in Kinder Morgan Inc by 372.80%. The purchase prices were between $19.71 and $23.01, with an estimated average price of $21.14. The stock is now traded at around $22.42. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.1%. The holdings were 177,300 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: EQT Corp (EQT)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd added to the holdings in EQT Corp by 925.00%. The purchase prices were between $63.34 and $74.7, with an estimated average price of $68.23. The stock is now traded at around $62.15. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.58%. The holdings were 36,900 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: EOG Resources Inc (EOG)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd added to the holdings in EOG Resources Inc by 582.76%. The purchase prices were between $90.42 and $108.01, with an estimated average price of $97.35. The stock is now traded at around $105.39. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.24%. The holdings were 19,800 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: Carnival Corp (CCL)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd sold out the holdings in Carnival Corp. The sale prices were between $46.11 and $53.34, with an estimated average price of $50.06.Sold Out: Valero Energy Corp (VLO)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd sold out the holdings in Valero Energy Corp. The sale prices were between $52.9 and $69.45, with an estimated average price of $61.55.Sold Out: Occidental Petroleum Corp (OXY)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd sold out the holdings in Occidental Petroleum Corp. The sale prices were between $64.95 and $75.03, with an estimated average price of $71.02.Sold Out: Alaska Air Group Inc (ALK)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd sold out the holdings in Alaska Air Group Inc. The sale prices were between $67.09 and $91.56, with an estimated average price of $78.76.Sold Out: Celgene Corp (CELG)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd sold out the holdings in Celgene Corp. The sale prices were between $97.63 and $124.16, with an estimated average price of $111.36.Sold Out: E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co (DD)QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd sold out the holdings in E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co. The sale prices were between $66.88 and $75.46, with an estimated average price of $71.02.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with MU. Click here to check it out.MU 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of MUPeter Lynch Chart of MUPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        MU
                                    
, 

                                        FCX
                                    
, 

                                        TGT
                                    
, 

                                        KMI
                                    
, 

                                        UAA
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This is the cheapest company in the Buffett-Munger model portfolio
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Eagle Materials, Inc. Cements Another Record for Revenue Thanks to an Acquisition


						7/28/2017 06:37 AM
					



European Stocks Follow Asia Lower on Technology Rout, Amazon Earnings Miss


						7/28/2017 06:36 AM
					



How Ford Found a Tax Break to Offset a Profit Drop


						7/28/2017 06:14 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





MU








88%



Rate It





FCX








97%



Rate It





TGT








86%



Rate It





KMI








68%



Rate It





UAA








81%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Quantres Asset Management Ltd: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:16 AM ET

Company Overview of Quantres Asset Management Ltd



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Quantres Asset Management Ltd
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Quantres Asset Management Ltd Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Quantres Asset Management Ltd Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Quantres Asset Management Ltd, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿































QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd Acquires New Stake in Sealed Air Corp (SEE) - Sports Perspectives













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Sealed Air Corp
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sealed Air Corp with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @SPNewsAnalysis










Recent Posts

Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Canadian National Railway Company (NYSE:CNI) Raised by Analyst
Brocade Communications Systems (NASDAQ:BRCD) and Gilat Satellite Networks (GILT) Critical Review
Entercom Communications Corporation (NYSE:ETM) vs. Salem Media Group (SALM) Head-To-Head Analysis
Allstate Corporation (The) (NYSE:ALL) Position Cut by Loomis Sayles & Co. L P
Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Position Raised by Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.
Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Deere & (DE)
Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Inter Parfums (IPAR) Stock Price
Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Cogent Communications Holdings (CCOI) Stock Price
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact CoreLogic (CLGX) Stock Price
Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Sells 9,253 Shares of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (CFG)
-$0.02 EPS Expected for Rite Aid Corporation (RAD) This Quarter
Zacks: Analysts Set $10.00 Price Target for Travelzoo Inc. (TZOO)
HealthStream (HSTM) & Surgical Care Affiliates (SCAI) Head-To-Head Survey
Reviewing Cepheid (CPHD) & Vascular Solutions (VASC)
Domino’s Pizza Inc (DPZ) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at BidaskClub
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. (The) (EL) Lowered to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Federated Investors, Inc. (FII) Lifted to Buy at BidaskClub
Gener8 Maritime Inc (GNRT) Cut to Hold at BidaskClub
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Downgraded by Vetr Inc.
Main Street Research LLC Has $11.23 Million Stake in Amgen Inc. (AMGN)



 


QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd Acquires New Stake in Sealed Air Corp (SEE)

					Posted by David Glaser on Jul 7th, 2017 // No Comments 



QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd purchased a new stake in shares of  Sealed Air Corp (NYSE:SEE) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm purchased 6,800 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $296,000. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Martingale Asset Management L P raised its stake in shares of  Sealed Air Corp by 25.2% in the fourth quarter. Martingale Asset Management L P now owns 87,124 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $3,951,000 after buying an additional 17,524 shares during the period.  Associated Banc Corp raised its position in  Sealed Air Corp by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Associated Banc Corp now owns 6,203 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $281,000 after buying an additional 43 shares during the last quarter.  Baird Financial Group Inc. raised its position in  Sealed Air Corp by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 127,006 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $5,758,000 after buying an additional 4,474 shares during the last quarter.  Private Advisor Group LLC acquired a new position in  Sealed Air Corp during the fourth quarter worth $268,000.  Finally, Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its position in  Sealed Air Corp by 5.5% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 14,876 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $674,000 after buying an additional 773 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  90.53% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Sealed Air Corp alerts:



Shares of Sealed Air Corp (SEE) traded up 1.34% on Friday, hitting $45.32. 1,352,233 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $8.87 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.05 and a beta of 1.17. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $44.38 and its 200 day moving average is $45.68. Sealed Air Corp has a 12-month low of $41.74 and a 12-month high of $50.62. 




Sealed Air Corp (NYSE:SEE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The industrial products company reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $1.03 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.58 billion. Sealed Air Corp had a negative net margin of 5.21% and a negative return on equity of 35.76%. Sealed Air Corp’s revenue was up 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.50 EPS.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Sealed Air Corp will post $1.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Investors of record on Friday, September 1st will be issued a $0.16 dividend. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.41%. Sealed Air Corp’s dividend payout ratio  is 36.99%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was  published by Sports Perspectives and is the property of of Sports Perspectives. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://sportsperspectives.com/2017/07/07/quantres-asset-management-ltd-invests-296000-in-sealed-air-corp-see-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages have commented on SEE. Jefferies Group LLC reduced their target price on shares of Sealed Air Corp from $45.00 to $40.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 target price on shares of Sealed Air Corp in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Robert W. Baird  reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $55.00 price target on shares of Sealed Air Corp in a research note on Tuesday, June 13th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) downgraded shares of Sealed Air Corp from a “conviction-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $53.00 to $50.00 in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Sealed Air Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $49.09.
In related news, CAO William G. Stiehl sold 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.43, for a total value of $130,290.00. Following the transaction, the chief accounting officer now owns 37,797 shares in the company, valued at $1,641,523.71. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Jerome A. Peribere bought 6,960 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $42.97 per share, for a total transaction of $299,071.20. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 199,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,551,030. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.86% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Sealed Air Corp
Sealed Air Corporation is engaged in food safety and security, facility hygiene and product protection business. The Company’s segments are Food Care, Diversey Care, Product Care and Other (includes Corporate, Medical Applications and New Ventures businesses). The Food Care segment focuses on providing a range of integrated system solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Sealed Air Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sealed Air Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 













































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	QUANTRES Trademark of QuantRes Asset Management Limited. Serial Number: 85364120 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
QUANTRES










 
Get FREE email alerts













QUANTRES  Trademark Information
 QuantRes Asset Management Limited
Stockbroking, namely, stock brokerage; provision of financial information; investment fund administration services; investment fund brokerage services; venture capital fund management and capital fund investment services; funds investment services; private equity fund management services; international fund investment services; mutual fund management services; brokerage of futures, derivatives, financial products and instruments; private equit...




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
stockbroking         stock   brokerage   provision   financial   information   investment   fund   administration   services   investment   fund   brokerage   services   venture   capital   fund   management   capital   fund   investment   services   funds   investment    
                                    




This is a brand page for the QUANTRES trademark by QuantRes Asset Management Limited 
                                in George Town GrandCayman, , .
Write a review about a product or service associated with this QUANTRES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner QuantRes Asset Management Limited of the QUANTRES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the QUANTRES trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, July 6, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        QUANTRES by 
                        QuantRes Asset Management Limited, George Town GrandCayman.
                        The USPTO has given the QUANTRES 
                        trademark serial  number of  85364120.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for QUANTRES is 
                        
                        
                                            BRIAN R. MCGINLEY of 
                                            Dentons US LLP,  Wacker Drive Station, Willis Tower, PO BOX 061080 CHICAGO IL 60606-1080
                                .
                            The QUANTRES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for QUANTRES 
                            is Stockbroking, namely, stock brokerage; provision of financial information; investment fund administration services; investment fund brokerage services; venture capital fund management and capital fund investment services; funds investment services; private equity fund management services; international fund investment services; mutual fund management services; brokerage of futures, derivatives, financial products and instruments; private equity fund investment services; provision of information in relation to financial investments; advisory, consultancy and information services relating to the aforesaid service. 
                            





Word mark:
 QUANTRES


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/2/2013



  Serial Number:  
85364120


  Filing Date:  
7/6/2011


 Registration Number:  
4361844 


 Registration Date:  
7/2/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Stockbroking, namely, stock brokerage; provision of financial information; investment fund administration services; investment fund brokerage services; venture capital fund management and capital fund investment services; funds investment services; private equity fund management services; international fund investment services; mutual fund management services; brokerage of futures, derivatives, financial products and instruments; private equity fund investment services; provision of information in relation to financial investments; advisory, consultancy and information services relating to the aforesaid service


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/29/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

QuantRes Asset Management LimitedGeorge Town GrandCayman
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


BRIAN R. MCGINLEY
Dentons US LLP
Wacker Drive Station, Willis Tower
PO BOX 061080
CHICAGO IL 60606-1080





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your QUANTRES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/2/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



BRIAN R. MCGINLEY


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of QUANTRES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search quantres on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for QUANTRES 




QUANTRES is providing Stockbroking, namely, stock brokerage; provision of financial information; investment fund administration services; investment fund brokerage services; venture capital fund management and capital fund investment services; funds investment services; private equity fund management services; international fund investment services; mutual fund management services; brokerage of futures, derivatives, financial products and instruments; private equity fund investment services; provision of informati....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























Quantres.com














			Please enter log in information. If you don't have a valid password, please email a request. Information entered will be screened and evaluated - this may take up to 72 hours.
		
Username: 



Password: 










QUANTRES Turning data into profit since 1989
login



HOME


 HOW WE TRADE


 HOW WE WORK


HOW WE LIVE


WANT A JOB?


CONTACT US








 




We are a private investment firm.
              Founded in 1989, we have been able to generate superior rates of risk-adjusted  returns by actively trading  the global financial, commodity and equity markets.
The trading approach is quantitative and systematic in nature and is based  around statistical modeling of market processes. Our success can be attributed  to a disciplined trading approach, a relentless drive to research new and  existing ideas, and the focus and dedication of our staff.

                Our staff of 25 are located in The Bahamas, Austria and China, giving us  flexibility and reach across the globe.
              







Copyright 2011 - Quantres.com || GeoLocation Powered By GeoIPLookup.net    



﻿

























Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Shares Bought by Cambridge Trust Co. - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Air Products and Chemicals Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

EP Energy Corporation (NYSE:EPE) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows
Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. (FBHS) Raised to Buy at Longbow Research
Domino’s Pizza (NYSE:DPZ) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds
Entravision Communications Corporation (NYSE:EVC) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows
US Ecology (NASDAQ:ECOL) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows
Ellington Financial (NYSE:EFC) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
Dana (NYSE:DAN) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
Comparing Healthcare Services Group (HCSG) & ABM Industries (ABM)
Comparing Hibbett Sports (HIBB) and Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings (SPWH)
Beneficial Bancorp (BNCL) & Northfield Bancorp (NFBK) Financial Comparison
Hayward Tyler Group PLC (HAYT) Receives “Corporate” Rating from FinnCap
Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE:GPK) Shares Bought by Narwhal Capital Management
FinnCap Reiterates Buy Rating for Alumasc Group plc (ALU)
J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterates “Underweight” Rating for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS)
Carpetright plc (CPR) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt
Zacks: Analysts Expect Timken Company (The) (NYSE:TKR) to Announce $0.62 EPS
Brokerages Anticipate Southwestern Energy Company (NYSE:SWN) Will Announce Earnings of $0.17 Per Share
Trifast plc (TRI) Receives “Buy” Rating from FinnCap
-$0.08 EPS Expected for Veeco Instruments Inc. (NASDAQ:VECO) This Quarter
Quantum Corporation (NYSE:QTM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold


 


Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Shares Bought by Cambridge Trust Co.

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Cambridge Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) by 0.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 7,835 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 35 shares during the period. Cambridge Trust Co.’s holdings in Air Products and Chemicals were worth $1,060,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America raised its stake in shares of Air Products and Chemicals by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 838 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period. Sullivan Bruyette Speros & Blaney LLC raised its stake in shares of Air Products and Chemicals by 0.4% in the first quarter. Sullivan Bruyette Speros & Blaney LLC now owns 1,764 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $239,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the period. Fort Pitt Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Air Products and Chemicals by 0.4% in the first quarter. Fort Pitt Capital Group LLC now owns 1,672 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $226,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the period. Compton Capital Management Inc. RI raised its stake in shares of Air Products and Chemicals by 0.5% in the first quarter. Compton Capital Management Inc. RI now owns 1,700 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $230,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the period. Finally, Hudock Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Air Products and Chemicals by 0.4% in the first quarter. Hudock Capital Group LLC now owns 2,038 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $275,000 after buying an additional 9 shares during the period. 89.20% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Air Products and Chemicals Inc. alerts:



Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE APD) opened at 145.64 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $31.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 10.07 and a beta of 1.26. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $144.53 and a 200-day moving average price of $141.82. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a one year low of $129.00 and a one year high of $150.45. 




Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.98 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.84 billion. Air Products and Chemicals had a return on equity of 19.26% and a net margin of 36.19%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.82 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.16 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, November 13th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, October 10th will be paid a $0.95 dividend. This represents a $3.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.61%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, October 6th. Air Products and Chemicals’s dividend payout ratio is presently 26.28%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Shares Bought by Cambridge Trust Co.” was reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/air-products-and-chemicals-inc-apd-shares-bought-by-cambridge-trust-co.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $155.00 target price on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. BidaskClub lowered Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 23rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered Air Products and Chemicals from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $148.00 to $160.00 in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.85.
About Air Products and Chemicals
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































