




Quantum Capital Management









 


©2017 Quantum Capital Management











Quantum Capital Management  :: Team Details









 
 
 






 


Howard B.  Aschwald, CFA
                      Chief Investment Officer / Portfolio Manager
                      Mr. Aschwald is the Chief Investment Officer and leads the U.S. Large Cap Hedged Equity team.  Prior to co-founding Quantum Capital in 1996, Mr. Aschwald started his investment career in 1983 with Morgan Stanley.  He then joined the investment management firm of Stein Roe as a technology analyst and portfolio manager. He graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis and recently retired as a Captain in the Naval Reserve.  Mr. Aschwald has two MBA's from Golden Gate University.  He is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of San Francisco. 
Kevin T.  Carrington, CFA
Research Analyst
Mr. Carrington is a Research Analyst on the Concentrated Equity team.  Prior to joining Quantum Capital, Mr. Carrington held positions as a senior analyst at Franklin Templeton Group, portfolio manager at Partech International and portfolio manager at Harmony Capital.  Mr. Carrington graduated from California State University, Chico in 1992, and received his MBA from Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley in 1998. He is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of San Francisco.
Timothy D.  Chatard, CFA
                        Director of Research / Portfolio Manager
                        Mr. Chatard is the Director of Research and leads the Concentrated Equity team.  Prior to joining Quantum Capital, Mr. Chatard held positions as an analyst at Morgan Stanley, portfolio manager at Franklin Templeton Group, portfolio manager at Sterling Johnston Capital Management, and portfolio manager at Tano Capital (the family office of the Franklin Templeton founders).  Mr. Chatard graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1991, and received his MBA from Harvard Business School in 1996. He is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of San Francisco.
John D.  Clifford, CFP®
                        Chief Operations Officer / Head Trader 
                        Mr. Clifford is the Chief Operations Officer and Head Trader.  Prior to joining Quantum Capital, Mr. Clifford was the Head Trader and Market Analyst for Catalyst Investment Management for ten years.  He then moved to the sell side for two years at Jones Trading, LLC as an equity and options sales trader covering hedge fund and mutual fund clients. Both at Catalyst and at Jones, Mr. Clifford specialized in small and mid-cap block trading and sourcing natural liquidity in an effort to minimize market impact for less liquid stocks.  Professional areas of interest include operational efficiency, equity market structure, and the role of high frequency trading and dark pools.  Mr. Clifford is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional.  Mr. Clifford graduated from UC Davis with a BS in Biochemistry.
Peter M.  Coen
                        Director, Operations and Trading
                        Mr. Coen is the Director of Operations and Trading.  Prior to joining Quantum Capital, Mr. Coen held positions in operations, trading, and strategic planning and analysis at Allianz Global Investors, Natixis Global Asset Management, and Ashfield Capital Partners.  Mr. Coen graduated from University College Dublin, Ireland with a BA in History.
Jon M. Fritzinger
                        Managing Director
                        Mr. Fritzinger is responsible for leading the firm’s  business development and marketing effort.   With twenty years of industry experience, he has held similar roles with Zazove Associates, Sterling Johnston Capital Management, RS Investments and Fremont Investment Advisors.  Mr. Fritzinger graduated from Fort Lewis College in Colorado with a BA in Finance.
Kevin C.  Lee, CFA 
                        Research Analyst
                        Mr. Lee is a Research Analyst on the Concentrated Equity team.  Prior to joining Quantum Capital, Mr. Lee held positions as a research associate at The Capital Group, senior research associate at Wedbush Securities, research associate at Citigroup Investment Research, and an analyst at Merrill Lynch.  Mr. Lee graduated from The University of Pennsylvania in 2003, and received his MBA from The University of Chicago in 2008.  He is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of San Francisco.                      
Ian M.  Robertson 
Research Analyst
Mr. Robertson is a Research Analyst on the Concentrated Equity team.  Prior to joining Quantum Capital, Mr. Robertson held positions as an analyst at Osmium Partners, a long-short US equity hedge fund, and BayStreet Research, an independent research boutique that provides primarily equity research.  Mr. Robertson graduated from Whitman College in 2006, and received his MBA from Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley in 2012. 
Xuan Wang
                        Client Relations and Operations
                      Ms. Wang brings to Quantum Capital eight years of experience in Project Management, Client Relations and Operations. Ms. Wang is directly responsible for all client relations and account operations including the initial on boarding process, the receipt and transfer of assets with various internal and external parties, coordinating the movement of cash per client instructions, and quarterly reporting. Ms. Wang assists as Quantum’s compliance administrator. Prior to joining Quantum, she served as a Project Assistant for the Investment Informational program for BOCO Inter-Telecom, Co. and Executive Assistant at Guangzhou Hangxin Aviation Technology in Guangzhou, China where she was promoted to Project Manager and worked for governmental project to build up marketing agreements and hold events and conferences. Ms. Wang worked at the Port of Oakland in the Social Responsibility Division assisting in the maintenance of vendors’ databases. Ms. Wang is fluent in Mandarin and English. She graduated from Xi’an University of Science Technology in Shaanxi, China with a B.S. in Communication Technology. Ms. Wang is a member of the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners. 
Daniel C.  Young, CFP®, CFE
                        Chief Compliance Officer
                      Mr. Young is the Chief Compliance Officer.  Mr. Young has over twenty-five years of experience in finance, economics and portfolio management as a Senior Manager at Price Waterhouse Coopers, and as a Product and Portfolio Manager for multi-asset strategies at WHV Investments.  He has developed assets internationally and is a featured speaker on investments, anti-fraud, and macroeconomic topics globally.  He is a Research Analyst on the U.S. Large Cap Hedged Equity team.  Mr. Young holds a BS in Accounting and Economics from Southern Connecticut State University and an MBA in Finance from the University of New Haven.  He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional and Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE).











ABOUT | STRATEGIES | CONTACT






 
 
 
 
 
 










 



©2017 Quantum Capital Management | Compliance








Quantum Capital Management Inc 311 California St San Francisco, CA Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Quantum Capital Management Inc
  

311 California St

San Francisco
CA
94104




 Reviews



(415) 738-0210
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























Quantum Capital Management Company, Inc                                                                                  - San Francisco                                     , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



San Francisco



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Quantum Capital Management Company, Inc
                                    



 





















Q 


Quantum Capital Management Company, Inc                                                                                 
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



311 CALIFORNIA ST STE 510 SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94104
Get Directions



(415) 927-8430
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $847,108.00
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Steven Bradley                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007 the company has been providing Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Q

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Quantum Capital Management, LLC :: Welcome















CONTACT US

REQUEST ACCESS









 I acceptterms of use

Forgot Password











Terms of Use |
				Disclaimers |
				Request Access |
				Contact Us
© Copyright 2017 Quantum Capital Management LLC
			




Founded in 1999, Quantum Capital Management LLC is a private value oriented investment company.






Quantum Capital Management Inc - Corte Madera, California

















 





Quantum Capital Management Inc
        Corte Madera, CA 94925
1-415-927-8430
www.quantumcap.com
Located in Marin County.




Product & Service Categories
Visit the category link(s) below to find this listing in context.

Financial Services
          » in California
» in Marin County

Financial Planning Consultants and Services
Investment Advisory Services
Investment Services












      Marin County, where Quantum Capital Management Inc is located, is shown in red on the California map below. 
      Before visiting Quantum Capital Management Inc, be sure to verify its address and hours of operation. 
      This California-based organization may have ceased operations or relocated, and hours can sometimes vary. 
      So a quick phone call can often save you time and aggravation.



 







 



      Corte Madera, California, the location of Quantum Capital Management Inc, is shown on the interactive map below. 
      




      Use this search box to find more information about Quantum Capital Management Inc — or to find information about the Corte Madera area.
      














      Copyright © 2015
      RegionalDirectory.us.
      All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions.

Quantum Capital Management Inc

 







 


Quantum Capital Management
 | LinkedIn
 
























































































































LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.















































Welcome to Quantum Capital Partners 


































 


Home
About Us
Our Strategy
Our Approach
Portfolio



























OUR APPROACH

Our approach is to analyze potential investments by focusing on these FIVE key elements: Business, People, Product, Technology and Impact:
Business

Quantum will invest in companies that have an established operating history and show strong revenue and earnings growth patterns with sustainable profit margins, steady cash flow streams, positive EBITDAs, strong balance sheet metrics and of course, attractive valuations. 
People
Quantum will invest in companies with strong leadership that have a clear strategic vision with compelling goals; leaders that have a track record of good management, commensurate industry experience, who are open and transparent, and have the potential to take the company forward.
Product / Service
Quantum will invest in strong brands that offer unique, quality products or services that compete on value and not cost alone. We will look for products and services that have a strong and clear demand with compelling growth opportunities and companies which imbibe quality control measures both in operating procedures and processes in order to ensure long term sustainable competitive advantage.


Technology
Quantum is a firm believer in the use of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) to drive business processes and ensure improved product or service delivery. So wherever possible Quantum will give preference to investments that exhibit a comparable level of commitment to ICT and its benefits and seek to incorporate ICT tools in those that do not. 
Impact
Quantum will give preference to investments ‘with’ or ‘with the potential’ to make a positive societal impact, thus, aligning our investors and investments alike with the broader objectives of society. We will do this by thoroughly incorporating social, ethical, governance, transparency and environmental considerations in our investment appraisal and decision making processes. We will evaluate each potential investment holistically in terms of these factors and upon investment, seek to unite them in a way that can affect positive change. We at Quantum are firm believers in socially responsible investing; therefore we will not invest in controversial businesses. We hold ourselves (and our investments) to the highest ethical standards and our SRI/ESG Policy is available upon request..






Contact us:
 
Quantum Capital Partners
 
Email:  
 
info@quantumcapital.com.ng


 
 
12th Floor
 
Phone: 
 
+234 (0)1 291 2901


 
 
Zenon House
 
 
 
 


 
 
Plot 2 Ajose Adeogun Street
 
 
 
 


 
 
Victoria Island, Lagos
 
 
 
 


 
 
Nigeria
 
 
 
 








Quantum Capital Management, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 4:27 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Quantum Capital Management, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Quantum Capital Management, Inc., doing business as QCM, LLC, is a current investment arm of Focus Financial Partners, LLC. The firm also provides trust planning; estate planning; and financial planning, including retirement needs analysis, education needs analysis, debt management and refinance analysis, and risk management and insurance strategies. It primarily provides its services to families and individuals, typically high net worth individuals. The firm also manages accounts for corporations, non-profit organizations, trusts, corporate pensions, and profit sharing plans. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios for its clients. The firm invests in the publi...
Quantum Capital Management, Inc., doing business as QCM, LLC, is a current investment arm of Focus Financial Partners, LLC. The firm also provides trust planning; estate planning; and financial planning, including retirement needs analysis, education needs analysis, debt management and refinance analysis, and risk management and insurance strategies. It primarily provides its services to families and individuals, typically high net worth individuals. The firm also manages accounts for corporations, non-profit organizations, trusts, corporate pensions, and profit sharing plans. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It also invests in exchange traded funds, mutual funds, and real estate securities. The firm typically invests in value and growth stocks of large-cap companies with market capitalizations above $2 billion, mid-cap companies, and small-cap companies to construct its equity portfolios. It benchmarks the performance of its equity investments against the Russell 1000 Growth Index and the S&P 500 index. The firm also employs hedging strategies including the use of options, concentrated equity positions, corporate stock options, and restricted stock. It typically invests in investment grade securities to construct its fixed income portfolios. The firm employs a fundamental and a macro-economic analysis with a bottom-up stock selection approach to make investments. It has a disciplined approach to investing. The firm complements its in-house research with external research to make investment decisions. Quantum Capital Management was founded in 1996 and is based in Corte Madera, California.
Detailed Description


770 Tamalpais DriveSuite 204Corte Madera, CA 94925United StatesFounded in 1996



Phone: 415-927-8430

Fax: 415-927-8433

www.quantumcap.com







Key Executives for Quantum Capital Management, Inc.




Mr. Stephen Andrew Bradley


      	Founder, President, and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Howard Bernard Aschwald CFA


      	Founder, Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, and Director of Research
      








Ms. Karen Semerau


      	Director of Administration and Assistant Vice President
      








Mr. Scott Whittemore


      	Director of Financial Planning and Client Relations
      








Mr. Mat Johnson


      	Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Quantum Capital Management, Inc. Key Developments

Quantum Capital Management, Inc. Presents at Fourth Annual Cayman Alternative Investment Summit, Feb-17-2017 04:00 PM
Feb 12 17
Quantum Capital Management, Inc. Presents at Fourth Annual Cayman Alternative Investment Summit, Feb-17-2017 04:00 PM. Venue: Kimpton Seafire Resort + Spa, Cayman Islands. Speakers: Howard Bernard Aschwald, Founder, Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, and Director of Research.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Quantum Capital Management, Inc., please visit www.quantumcap.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 





























↓ Skip to Main Content






Home
Quantum Capital – Services
Quantum Capital – Offices
Quantum Capital – Contact Us






			Quantum Capital		

			Strategy and M&A		
“Our mission is the materialization of value for our clients.  We believe in implementation.  To that end, Quantum Capital professionals work hand-in-hand with company owners and executive management to proactively shape strategy and investment choices.”


					Services				








M&A Advisory
Company valuation
Transaction negotiation
Due diligence processes




Strategy Consulting
Business plan development
Growth alternatives
Acquisition target selection




Hands-on Execution
Interim management
Acquistion assimilation
Turnarounds












 


			© 2017


↑

Responsive Theme
			powered by 
				WordPress














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Ideosity | PIM and MDM Consultants | Advisory, Implementation, Performance






































Contact us






 
(888) 534-9650






About Us

Mission & History
Partners
Leadership Team
Careers
News & Events
Newsletter Sign Up


Blog
Our Clients






  
 
 



Services
Solutions
MENU
MDM Advisory
MDM Implementation
MDM Performance
Contact Us
  
 






 

 
 

Thank You.To our employees and customers. Ideosity recognized by Inc. 5000 in “Fastest Growing Private Companies” 3 years straight.Learn More About IdeosityCross the finish line with ease.With Ideosity's end-to-end services.Start Your Journey With AdvisoryOngoing expert support to help youget more out of your PIM and MDM systemLearn more about IdeoCARE  
 



Product | Customer | Vendor Data MasteredData Mastered





End-to-end Master Data Management Services
 
Our services combined with MDM and PIM technologies
eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements
throughout your entire data mastering journey.





MDM Advisory
Strategy and planning lay the groundwork for a successful PIM or MDM implementation.



MDM Implementation
PIM and MDM specific methodology for maximum value and minimum risk.



MDM Performance
Make the most of your PIM and MDM system with performance technology and support.




A Leader In MDM/PIM Consulting



60+ MDM/PIM projects across small, medium and large enterprises.
Broadest experience across a variety of leading platforms and technologies.
Robust services to support the entire journey from concept to realization and ongoing.


 

Our Approach


Eliminating Risk by relying on our ADVISORY services.
Our IMPLEMENTATION approach aims at deriving faster ROI and greater value from your MDM platform.
Benefit from Ideosity’s unique PERFORMANCE services, technology and ongoing expert support.



 


 





Navigation

Advisory
Implementation
Performance
Careers
Our Clients
Blog
About Us


 
Contact Us
Ideosity, Inc. 
205 W. Main Street 
West Dundee, IL 60118
Ideosity Canada, Ltd. 
1 Yonge Street, 
Suite 1801 
Toronto, ON M5E 1W7
p: (888) 534-9650
f: (312) 256-9156

 About Ideosity
Partner with Ideosity for your digital transformation for Advisory, Implementation, and Performance services. Our approach combined with PIM (Prod­uct Information Management)
and MDM (Master Data Management) technologies eliminates obstacles, mitigates risk and creates business improvements throughout your entire da­ta-mastering journey.
 







  
 

© 2017 Ideosity, All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 























Quantum Capital Management









 


©2017 Quantum Capital Management



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


