

Shin-Etsu Quartz Products Co., Ltd. - Company Information



















Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Ltd., (SEC) a leading materials manufacturer possessing the most-advanced technologies,




 and a company that continues on with its global activities, and Heraeus Holding GmbH,




 a world-famous German specialty materials maker with 150 years of company history.




These two companies came together to form, in February 1972,




 the joint-venture company, Shin-Etsu Quartz Products Co., Ltd.(SQP)









SEC, which has fostered numerous applied development technologies for a wide variety of fields,




 and Heraeus, with its advanced quartz glass technologies cultivated over long years.



The merge of these two companies and their expertise enables




 SQP to offer quartz glass as a high-tech material for the most advanced technical fields,



 including semiconductors, liquid crystal, optical fiber, and others. In this way,




 SQP has bolstered new advances and developments in these industries.








The 21st century brings an era of new values, pioneered by the information technology (IT) revolution.




As a material indispensable for IT-related technical fields, the potential of quartz glass is unlimited.




As a comprehensive manufacturer of quartz glass, and with its superior technological process,




 SQP has constantly developed and offered high-quality products that meet user needs.



 At the same time, SQP has continued to make aggressive advances in new fields,



 for the future and the entire world.


























 













 







Quartz Prospect Joint Venture - Oil and Gas- Laxton  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Quartz Prospect Joint Venture

      Industry: Oil and Gas
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    181 S Main Street Suite 100 
    Prosper, TX, 75078Phone: 9729923127 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-05-02


Amended


$418,715


$254,559


Other


06b


SEC link




	2017-04-14


Amended


$164,156


$59,477


Other


06b


SEC link




	2017-04-14


Amended


$164,156


$0


Other


06b


SEC link




	2017-02-09


Amended


$104,679


$104,679


Other


06b


SEC link




	2016-12-19


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Brandon Laxton 
 Executive 































 



 Amarc and Quartz Mountain Amend ZNT and Galaxie Joint Venture Agreement 
         










    










 






 











 









Amarc and Quartz Mountain Amend ZNT and Galaxie Joint Venture Agreement

Jul 05, 2013, 08:30 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Amarc Resources Ltd. 











 
















































 

 




















 



VANCOUVER, July 5, 2013 /PRNewswire/ - Amarc Resources Ltd ("Amarc") (TSX-V: AHR; OTCBB: AXREF) and Quartz Mountain Resources Ltd. ("Quartz Mountain") (TSX-V: QZM; OTCBB: QZMRF) announce they have entered into an
 amendment agreement (the "Amendment") with respect to their previously
 executed joint venture agreement (the "JV Agreement") on the ZNT and
 Galaxie properties (the "Properties") located in central and northern
 British Columbia ("BC").


Under the terms of the Amendment, Amarc has the right to acquire a
 controlling interest in both properties by funding surface exploration
 programs to be completed during the 2013 field season. ZNT is
 considered to hold significant potential for the discovery of bulk
 tonnage-style silver deposits and Galaxie for porphyry copper deposits.


The Amendment


Under the terms of the Amendment, Amarc and Quartz Mountain have agreed
 that the current single joint venture between the companies will be
 divided into two separate joint ventures, namely the "Galaxie Joint
 Venture" and the "ZNT Joint Venture", effective June 26, 2013. Each
 joint venture will continue to be governed by the terms of the JV
 Agreement.


The parties have also agreed to amend the option granted by Quartz
 Mountain to Amarc under the original terms of the JV Agreement. Under
 the amended terms, Amarc has an option until October 31, 2013 to
 increase its interest in both the ZNT and Galaxie joint ventures from
 its current 40% interest to a 60% ownership interest by funding
 exploration expenditures of $210,000 and $235,000, respectively.
 Effective immediately, Amarc is appointed operator of both joint
 ventures. The field programs have been permitted and are expected to
 commence at ZNT in the next few weeks followed by work at Galaxie in
 late July through August.


The transactions contemplated by the Amendment are subject to regulatory
 approval.


The ZNT and Galaxie Properties


The 389-square kilometre ZNT property, located near Smithers in central BC, was staked by Quartz Mountain on
 the basis of significant zinc concentrations in regional till samples
 as reported by Geoscience BC. In late 2012, approximately 2,400 grid
 soil geochemical samples and 20 line kilometres of Induced Polarization
 ("IP") ground geophysical survey were completed. These initial
 exploration activities defined a new and unusually strong silver and
 multi-element-in-soils anomaly measuring 1.8 kilometres by 1.2
 kilometres, within a more extensive and open ended anomalous trend.
 This significant silver anomaly is coincident with an extensive IP
 geophysical chargeability anomaly indicating the presence of an
 important scale mineralizing system.


The Galaxie property, located some 24 kilometres south of the community of Dease Lake BC,
 lies within the Stikine Terrane of northwestern BC, a well-endowed belt
 of rocks that hosts a number of important copper and gold deposits such
 as Red Chris, Schaft Creek, Galore and
 Kerr-Sulphurets-Mitchell-Snowfields and Brucejack.


The 1,200-square kilometre Galaxie property hosts known copper
 occurrences such as the Gnat deposit, and has excellent exploration
 potential.  Integrated field surveys, including soil-grid, rock and
 silt geochemical sampling, and some 290-line kilometres of IP
 geophysical survey targeted five areas in 2012. One of these targets,
 the Hotai prospect, located in the southern part of the Galaxie
 property and largely covered by glacial sediments, will be the focus of
 2013 work.


At Hotai, three discrete and large-scale IP chargeability anomalies
 lying beneath cover were defined by last year's surveys. The
 southernmost of these chargeability anomalies occurs over 750 metres by
 1,700 metres and is coincident with a positive magnetic feature.  A
 diorite outcrop situated peripherally to this chargeability anomaly
 hosts copper-bearing quartz veinlets.  The second chargeability target
 to the north measures approximately 1,100 metres by 1,700 metres and is
 coincident with a pronounced annular magnetic high feature with a
 central magnetic low, a type of magnetic feature that is classically
 associated with porphyry copper deposits.  In addition, a third
 potential mineralized system occurs to the northeast of these two
 target-areas, where a significant copper and multi-element-in-soils
 anomaly exists over 1,000 metres by 1,750 metres.  This target is
 associated with a strong IP chargeability anomaly.


Mark Rebagliati, P. Eng., a Qualified Person as defined under National
 Instrument 43-101, has reviewed the technical content of this release.


In other news, Quartz Mountain has elected to not proceed with its
 option on the Buck Property located in central BC.


About the Companies


Amarc and Quartz Mountain are Vancouver-based exploration companies
 associated with Hunter Dickinson Inc. (HDI), a diversified, global
 mining group with more than 25 years of mineral development success.
 Amarc and Quartz Mountain have certain Directors in common and are
 accordingly considered by the TSX Venture Exchange to be Non-Arm's
 Length Parties.


ON BEHALF OF THE BOARDS






Robert Dickinson       


 


 


 


Scott Cousens




Chairman                      


 


 


 


Chairman




Amarc Resources Ltd.      


 


 


 


Quartz Mountain Resources Ltd.






Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor any other regulatory authority
 accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.


Forward Looking and other Cautionary Information


This release includes certain statements that may be deemed
 "forward-looking statements". All statements in this release, other
 than statements of historical facts that address exploration drilling,
 exploitation activities and other related events or developments are
 forward-looking statements. Although Amarc Resources Ltd. and Quartz
 Mountain Resources Ltd. believe the expectations expressed in such
 forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such
 statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results
 or developments may differ materially from those in the forward looking
 statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ
 materially from those in forward-looking statements include market
 prices, potential environmental issues or liabilities associated with
 exploration, development and mining activities, exploration and
 exploitation successes, continuity of mineralization, uncertainties
 related to the ability to obtain necessary permits, licenses and title
 and delays due to third party opposition, changes in and the effect
 government policies regarding mining and natural resource exploration
 and exploitation, continued availability of capital and financing, and
 general economic, market or business conditions. Investors are
 cautioned that any such statements are not guarantees of future
 performance and actual results or developments may differ materially
 from those projected in the forward-looking statements. For more
 information on Amarc Resources Ltd. and Quartz Mountain Ltd., investors
 should review each company's annual Form 20-F filing with the United
 States Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov and their home jurisdiction filings that are available at www.sedar.com.


 

 SOURCE  Amarc Resources Ltd.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Sep 19, 2013, 14:00 ET
Preview: Amarc provides exploration update













Feb 21, 2013, 08:43 ET
Preview: Amarc reports drill results from Gnat copper deposit, British Columbia - Surface exploration delineates new porphyry copper deposit targets at the Galaxie Joint Venture property






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Read More





Jun 30, 2017, 07:30 ET
Amarc and Hudbay Partner to Advance the IKE Copper Porphyry...








Jun 30, 2017, 07:30 ET
Amarc Appoints Dr. Diane Nicolson to the Board of Directors






 More news releases in:

  Mining & Metals
Joint Ventures










Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Augur Resources Limited (via Public) / Becker Project Joint Venture Advances in Chile



























                        Hello .
                    


 United States 







News


International News


Education


Environment


Healthcare


Technology


Internet




Science


Social and Non-Profit


Local News




Politicsand Policy


Government


Politics


Local Government


International Policy




Businessand Economy


Economy


Finance


Stock Markets




Jobs and Labor


Company News


Industry News


Aerospace


Agriculture


Chemicals


Commodities


Construction


Consumer Electronics


Defense


Energy


Nuclear Energy


Oil and Gas


Renewable Energy




Financial Services


Banking


Insurance




Fishing and Aquaculture


Manufacturing


Information Technology


Metals and Mining


Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology


Real Estate


Professional and Business Services


Legal




Telecommunications


Tobacco


Retail


Transportation


Air Transportation


Maritime Transportation


Rail Transportation


Road Transportation




Utilities


Forestry and Wood Industry






Artsand Culture


Art


Books and Literature


Entertainment


Cinema


Media


Radio and Television




Music






Lifestyleand Leisure


Automotive


Home and Garden


Fashion and Luxury


Clothing and Textile




Food


Travel and Hospitality


Boating and Yachting




Sports


Baseball


Basketball


Boxing


Cricket


Cycling


Football (American)


Football (Australian)


Football (Soccer)


Golf


Hockey


Racing


Rugby


Sailing


Skiing and Winter Sports


Tennis


Volleyball











noodls browser compatibility check

The security settings of your browser are blocking the execution of scripts.
To use noodls, javascript support must be enabled. Please change your browser's security settings to enable javascript.
If you have changed your browser's security settings, you can click here.






related announcements
Business and Economy


Aaron's Inc.
Aaron's, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results


Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc.
Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results


Heritage-Crystal Clean Inc.
2017 Second Quarter Financial Results


More
Finance


AUSA - Association of the United[...]
Robotics, Autonomous Systems Hold Promise


Welltower Inc.
Gary Whitelaw Joins Welltower Board of Directors


Ventas Inc.
Ventas Reports 2017 Second Quarter Results


More











search






















Augur Resources Limited



04/24/2017 | Press release | Distributed by Public on 04/27/2017 18:56
Becker Project Joint Venture Advances in Chile







      ABN 79 106 879 690
    

      24 April 2017
    

      The Manager Companies ASX Limited
    

      20 Bridge Street
    

      Sydney NSW 2000 (17 pages by email)
    

      Becker Project Joint Venture Advances in Chile and Completion of Patagonia Property Evaluations in Argentina
    

      (ASX: AUK)
    

      HIGHLIGHTS
    



          Results received from 118 surface rock chip and channel samples of insitu quartz veins exposed in trenches in the Lajuelas prospect area returned up to 4.0 metres of
        

          30.7 g/t gold and 6 g/t silver in Trench 2 and 3.0 metres of 9.8 g/t gold in Trench 3.
        



          Results of recent prospecting and surface mapping also identified several additional quartz vein systems within the Becker property. The assay results indicate a well defined geochemical zonation within the areas sampled, with gold‐silver mineralisation proximal to the intrusive contact southwest of the Lajuelas prospect extending approximately 3 kilometres northeast to the Guindos prospect area. The eastern part of the Becker area shows low‐grade gold but copper + zinc + lead enrichment.
        



          Augur is now working with a Santiago law firm to complete legal due diligence of the Becker property prior to finalising the Joint Venture Agreement.
        



      Level 2, 66 Hunter Street Sydney NSW 2000
    

Phone: +61 2 9300 3310 Facsimile: +61 2 9221 6333 Web: www.augur.com.au


      Becker Property - Region VII Chile
    

      Figure 1: Becker property location 250 kilometres south of Santiago and 40 kilometres north west of Talca, in Region VII, Chile.
    

      Augur Resources Limited ('Augur' or 'the Company') has made an initial payment as part of a Joint Venture Agreement on the Becker property.
    

      2
    

      The Becker property covers several, intermediate to low sulphidation epithermal gold‐ silver vein systems within the Chilean Coastal Range, which is geologically comprised of Mesozoic age volcanic arc rocks accreted onto the South American craton. Gold mineralisation within the eastern part of the Coastal Range belt is related to the later intrusives and manifest as quartz vein systems (such as the Becker property) to breccia pipes and vein stockworks.
    

      The Becker property has seen little exploration since initial discovery in 1995 by Arauco Resources Corporation ('Arauco'). Follow‐up work by Arauco discovered two zones of gold‐ bearing quartz veins which extend over a strike length of approximately 3.0 kilometres.
    

      Figure 2: Portion of the Becker property showing location of known prospect areas hosting gold bearing quartz veins
    

      3
    

      Veta Lajuelas Zone
    

      As currently defined on surface, this is a generally north‐south trending zone of approximately 900 metres in length and 300 metres in width. Previous exploration by Arauco in 1999 identified 11 individual, steeply‐dipping, quartz veins varying from 0.5 metres to 7.5 metres in width occurring over a total strike length of 350 metres. Sampling surface boulders by Arauco returned gold values along the entire trend, with maximum values ranging from 23.5 g/t gold to 79.0 g/t gold. Subsequent hand pitting and backhoe trenching across the veins along strike returned 12.2 g/t gold over 3.0 metres, 9.6 g/t gold over 7.5 metres width and 4.5 g/t gold over 2.5 metres.
    

      Guidos Zone
    

      Located approximately 1.5 kilometres northeast of the Lajuelas Zone, prospecting, reconnaissance geological mapping and rock sampling by Arauco identified two clusters of banded to massive epithermal quartz - sulphide veins covering at least 0.5 km2 each. Individual veins, which reportedly vary from 0.5 metres to over 10 metres in width, have been traced over strike lengths of up to 600 metres.
    

      Results from the Arauco sampling ranged up to 9.24 g/t gold with most of the assays over
    




            g/t gold located in the northernmost vein cluster.
          

            Augur Exploration Work Completed
          

            The results of an initial 3 day technical evaluation completed by Augur geologists in November 2016 were reported by Augur in January 2017. Twenty grab and chip samples from quartz boulders were collected. The vein characteristics observed and the sample assay results effectively confirmed vein descriptions and previous assay results reported by Arauco. Vein textures were predominately massive, fine‐grained, saccaroidal with local banded (1cm) quartz and oxidized sulphide box works suggesting minor pyrite had been present. Rare visible gold was seen in a few surface boulders in the south part of the Lajuelas vein system.
          

            Further prospecting and mapping in 2017 has identified additional veins east of both the Lajuelas and Guidos zones. Identified as the Juanito prospect, the veins show similar characteristics as those defined previously and similar orientations. As before, the veins were sampled by way of grab and chip sampling of quartz boulders exposed along the vein trend.
          

            4
          

            Figure 3: Portion of the Becker property looking north showing Augur sample locations and mapped quartz veins.
          

            Au g/t
          

            Figure 4: Portion of the Becker property showing gold assay results and locations of Augur trenches.
          

            5
          

            Eighty nine samples were collected and assayed across the central, unforested region of the Becker property. Over half of these were located east of Lajuelas to the eastern boundary of the Becker tenements. And although assay results ranged up to 21 g/t gold, veins sampled for the most part returned low grade (
          

            Figure 5: Portion of the Becker property showing combined copper + zinc + lead assay results.
          

            Indicates base metal enrichment in the Juanito prospect areas southeast Guidos.
          

            Becker Trenching Results
          

            In addition to sampling of quartz boulders and sub‐cropping vein material, the Company also completed backhoe trenching at three sites in the Lajuelas vein system and one site in southeastern part of the Guidos prospect area. The objective of the Lajuelas trenching was to sample insitu quartz veins as defined by previous Arauco trenching. One metre chipped channel samples were collected across exposed quartz veins and immediate altered volcanic wallrock. Results confirm the occurrence of insitu quartz veins and local high grade gold (Table 1 below) over a distance of approximately 100 metres. Compiled assays indicate; 1.0 metre of 5.3 g/t gold in Trench 1; 4.0 metres of 30.7 g/t gold and 6 g/t silver in Trench 2; and 3.0 metres of 9.8 g/t gold in Trench 3. Trenching was completed over approximately 100 metres of vein strike length. No significant gold was obtained from Trench 4 or from samples of altered wallrock adjacent to sampled quartz veins in all trenches.
          

            6
          

            Figure 6: Portion of the Becker property showing trench locations and rock chip samples.
          

            Table 1: Details of individual 1 metre channel samples collected from trenches.
          

            7
          

            Figure 7: Portion of the Becker property showing interpreted gold‐bearing vein trends and mineral zonation.
          

            The Company is currently completing legal due diligence in connection with finalising the Joint Venture Agreement and documentation to incorporated Chilean subsidiary companies. Augur is finalising a work program for 2017 to advance exploration and resource delineation of mineralized quartz veins within the Becker property in accordance with an agreed earn‐in schedule. This work will include surface mapping/prospecting and vein sampling of the entire 20,000 hectare Becker property area and ground geophysical surveys over priority areas to assist in defining targets for initial drill testing starting in the December 2017 quarter.
          

            Tres Cerros Properties - Patagonia Region, Argentina
          

            The Company completed site visits to seven properties held under an exclusive option with the property vendor. The properties are located in Santa Cruz and Rio Negro Provinces within Jurassic‐aged volcanic rocks of the Deseado and Somuncura Massifs.
          

            A total of 102 rock samples were collected and submitted for analysis to ALS Minerals in Mendoza. While the assay results confirmed the exploration potential of several of the properties, Augur has decided to withdraw from the Option Agreement and holds no retained interest or back‐in rights.
          

            8
          

            For further information, please contact Peter Nightingale on +61 2 9300 3310. Yours sincerely
          

            Peter J. Nightingale Director
          

            Statement of Compliance
          

            The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results is based on information compiled by Augur staff and contractors and approved by Mr Michael Corey, PGeo., who is a Member of the Association of Professional Geoscientists of Ontario (APGO) in Canada. Mr Corey is employed by the Company and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the 'Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves'. Mr Corey has consented to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which they appear.
          

            pjn8873
          

            9
          

            JORC Code, 2012 Edition - Table 1
          



            Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
          

            (Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)
          

            Criteria JORC Code explanation Commentary
          

            Sampling techniques  Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut channels, random chips, or specific
          

            specialised industry standard measurement tools appropriate to the minerals under investigation, such as down hole gamma sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc.). These examples should not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
          



                Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample representivity and the appropriate calibration of any measurement tools or systems used.
              



                Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are Material to the Public Report.
              





            In cases where 'industry standard' work has been done this would be relatively simple (eg 'reverse circulation drilling was used to obtain 1 m samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for fire assay'). In other cases more explanation may be required, such as where there is coarse gold that has inherent sampling problems.
          

            Unusual commodities or mineralisation types (eg submarine nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed information.
          



                Surface rock grab and chip sampling was undertaken by Augur geologist within the Becker tenement area. Sampling targeted quartz vein rubble on surface in areas of previous trenching as reported by previous workers. Sample size was 2‐3 kg per sample.
              



                A total of 20 rock chip samples were collected along the extent of veining as reported by previous Company work. Samples were submitted to ALS Minerals in Santiago, Chile for gold determination by 50g Fire Assay and additional elements including silver by ICP‐AES analysis.
              



                Although samples were collected to be representative of the types and styles of quartz veins and mineralisation reported by previous workers, no attempt was made to ensure that the samples were an accurate representation of the insitu vein type and width exposed previous trenching.
              






                  Drilling techniques
                





                      Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open‐hole hammer, rotary air blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (eg core diameter, triple or standard tube, depth of diamond tails, face‐sampling bit or other type, whether core is oriented and if so, by what method, etc).
                    







                      No drilling has been completed by the Company on the property.
                    







                  Drillsamplerecovery
                





                      Method of recording and assessing core and chip sample recoveries and results assessed.
                    



                      Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and ensure representative nature of the samples.
                    



                      Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery and grade and whether sample bias may have occurred due to preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse material.
                    







                      No drilling has been completed by the Company.
                    







                  Logging
                





                      Whether core and chip samples have been geologically and geotechnically logged to a level of detail to support appropriate Mineral Resource estimation, mining studies and metallurgical studies.
                    



                      Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core (or costean, channel, etc) photography.
                    



                      The total length and percentage of the relevant intersections logged.
                    







                      No drilling has been completed by the Company.
                    







                  Sub‐sampling techniques andsample preparation
                





                      If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or all core taken.
                    



                      If non‐core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc and whether sampled wet or dry.
                    



                      For all sample types, the nature, quality and appropriateness of the sample preparation technique.
                    



                      Quality control procedures adopted for all sub‐sampling stages to maximise representivity of samples.
                    



                      Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is representative of the in situ material collected, including for instance results for field duplicate/second‐half sampling.
                    



                      Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of the material being sampled.
                    







                      Collected samples of surface rock were each 1.5 - 2kg in weight. Samples were dried, crushed and pulverised to 85% passing 75 microns. This is considered to appropriately homogenise the sample to allow sub‐sampling for assay determination.
                    



                      2‐3 kg is an appropriate sample size for rock samples targeting gold mineralisation.
                    









                  Qualityof assaydata and laboratorytests
                





                      The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying and laboratory procedures used and whether the technique is considered partial or total.
                    



                      For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF instruments etc., the parameters used in determining the analysis including instrument make and model, reading times, calibrations factors applied and their derivation, etc.
                    



                      Nature of quality control procedures adopted (eg standards, blanks, duplicates, external laboratory checks) and whether acceptable levels of accuracy (ie lack of bias) and precision have been established.
                    







                      Surface rock grab samples and 1 meter chip samples of insitu quartz veins were samples by Company representatives and submitted to ALS Laboratories in Santiago, Chile. Gold determination was completed by 50g fire assay with AAS finish (method AA26) which is considered a robust method of gold determination. An additional suite of elements was analysed by an aqua regia leach with AAS finish (MEICP‐41), which is not a total leach as some mineral species may not be leached by aqua regia. Aqua regia readily dissolves many sulfide, oxide and carbonate minerals quantitatively while leaving silicates and resistive oxides untouched.
                    



                      Field duplicates and blank samples were inserted at the rate of 1 each per every 25 samples.
                    



                      ALS has an in‐house QA‐QC analytical protocol that was followed and review of this data was deemed acceptable.
                    







                  Verificationofsampling and assaying
                





                      The verification of significant intersections by either independent or alternative company personnel.
                    



                      The use of twinned holes.
                    



                      Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data verification, data storage (physical and electronic) protocols.
                    



                      Discuss any adjustment to assay data.
                    







                      All field data was manually collected, and entered into excel spreadsheets by Augur geologists, then validated and loaded into an Access database by data manager. Electronic sample results were uploaded into a Dropbox project folder that can be accessed by permitted Company personnel. Data is exported from Excel and Access for analysis and map‐making into MapInfo & Surpac. All electronic data is routinely backed up. No hard copy is retained.
                    







                  Locationofdatapoints
                





                      Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill holes (collar and down‐ hole surveys), trenches, mine workings and other locations used in Mineral Resource estimation.
                    



                      Specification of the grid system used.
                    



                      Quality and adequacy of topographic control.
                    







                      Rock sample locations were picked up by handheld Garmin GPSmap 64s.
                    



                      The co‐ordinates datum system used was PSAD 56 with later re‐ projection to UTM WGS 84 (Zone 19 S) for GIS purposes.
                    



                      Topographic control was from Garmin GPSmap 64s. This is adequate for locating reconnaissance rock chip and soil samples.
                    




















Sharing and Personal Tools

Please select the service you want to use:

Newsvine
Digg
Delicious
StumbleUpon
Technorati
Buzz
Favorites
Google Reader





Public link

Please use the above public link if you want to share this noodl on another website.


Close





Smartlinks
| Augur Resources Limited
| Top Business and Economy News
| Finance
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Commodities
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Company News
| Top Company News
| Business Announcements
| Joint Ventures and Alliances
| Products and Services
| Oil and Gas
| Oil and Gas Upstream Activities
| Manufacturing
| Information Technology
| Mining
| Telecommunication Equipment
| Utilities
| Mining and Exploration Companies
| Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)
| Börse Berlin
| Tradegate Exchange




 Back


 View original format











Copyright ©2006-2017 Public Technologies Inc.  | 
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Contact




Golden Valley Mines Ltd.: New Joint Venture Broker's Fee Prospect - Arnold Township, OntarioHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Golden Valley Mines Ltd.: New Joint Venture Broker's Fee Prospect - Arnold Township, OntarioMarketwireOctober 13, 2010ReblogShareTweetShareVAL-D'OR, QUEBEC--(Marketwire - 10/13/10) - -Golden Valley Mines Ltd. ("Golden Valley" or the "Company)(TSX-V:GZZ - News) is pleased to announce that it has entered into option/joint venture agreement with Cambrian Corp. ("Cambrian"), a private company, in respect of its Broker's Fee Prospect (the "Property") located in Arnold Township, 20 km northeast of Kirkland Lake, Ontario.Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Cambrian can earn a 70% undivided interest in the Property by incurring aggregate exploration expenditures of $6,000,000 over a three year period, making a $5,000 cash payment, issuing 500,000 common shares (no later than June 30, 2011), and delivering a definitive feasibility study on the Property on or before the third anniversary of the agreement.In the event that the exploration expenditures detailed above are not incurred by their respective due dates, the Company may grant Cambrian up to three (3) twelve (12) month extensions (an "Extension Period") to incur such expenditures, provided that Cambrian advise the Company in writing of its intent to avail itself of an Extension Period prior to the date by which the expenditures must be incurred, and that Cambrian issue in the aggregate to the Company up to an additional 500,000 common shares. Cambrian shall keep the Property in good standing and pay all taxes, assessments, and other charges as may be required. The Company shall be the operator during the option period. Upon Cambrian vesting in a 70% interest in the Property, a joint venture may be formed; Golden Valley is carried to commercial production.Historical work in the area dates back to the 1940's when prospector Davey Lowe discovered and trenched a broad system of quartz-ankerite veins in a sericitized-carbonatized WNW-ESE trending shear zone, apparently hosted within a regional scale lineament. Erratic high-grade results were reported from initial work, and later followed up by several other explorers (Vitro Minerals, Anglo Huronian, Rio Tinto, Lac Minerals, Tundra Gold Mines, and Kalahari Resources). Several other gold intercepts were returned of quartz-ankerite, occasionally well mineralized, and contained within broad sericite schist trending across the Property.The Property was staked in 1989 and has had various geochemical and geophysical surveys (EM, IP), geological mapping and prospecting completed since that time, including a seven-hole drill program completed in 1994. Exploration fieldwork by Golden Valley during the winter and summer of 2003, included refurbishing of the grid system, re-interpretation of an induced polarization (IP) geophysical survey, and a three-hole, 379 metre drill program testing two major IP axes located north (GBF-03-03 and south (GBF03-01 & 02) of the historical "Lowe Showing" respectively. All three of the drillholes intersected notable pyrite mineralization, but no significant gold assays were returned. The IP anomaly intersected by drillhole GBF-03-01 was explained by the presence of strongly pyritic quartz-ankerite (carbonate) breccia with a semi-massive pyrite matrix, intersected from 136.0' to 140.5' (41.5-42.8 m).Work completed within the underlying felsic (calc-alkaline) volcanics has outlined multiple parallel geophysical anomalies generally proximate to a regional scale lineament trending approximately five kilometres across the Property. Three of these geophysical features appear to have been tested in the historical work. The calc-alkaline rocks are thought to be part of the Blake River Group volcanics, said to be an important host for gold mineralization further east near Cadillac, Quebec (Lapa, Laronde, Bousquet, Doyon, Mooska, etc.).About Golden Valley Mines Ltd.: The Company typically tests initial grassroots targets while owning a 100% interest therein and then seeks partners to continue exploration funding. This allows the Company to carry on its generative programs and systematic exploration efforts at other majority-owned grassroots projects. As of October 13, 2010, the Company holds majority property interests in 155 projects consisting of 3,900 mining titles (222,606 hectares or 2,226 km2) in Canada (Saskatchewan, Ontario and Quebec) and 3 projects consisting of approximately 1,104 km2 (110,381 hectares) in the Republic of Sierra Leone in West Africa (through its subsidiary Calone Mining Company (S.L.) Limited).The Company has formed four subsidiaries to hold advanced projects and/or projects that are peripheral to its core business plan (grassroots exploration) and/or outside of its main area of operations (Abitibi Greenstone Belt) with the intention of making an application for the listing of their shares on the TSX Venture Exchange (the "Exchange"), namely (1) Abitibi Royalties Inc. (which holds the Malartic CHL project, an option/joint venture project with Osisko Mining Corp., and the Luc Bourdon and Luc Bourdon West Project, an option/joint venture project with Noront Resources Ltd. and White Pine Resources Inc.), (2) Nunavik Nickel Mines Ltd. (which holds the Corporation's advanced nickel-copper-PGE projects situated in the Nunavik Region of Quebec), (3) Uranium Valley Mines Ltd. (which holds the Corporation's 40% interest in the Beartooth Island Project and which is anticipated to hold other advanced uranium joint venture projects), and (4) Calone Mining Ltd. (to pursue grassroots exploration in the Republic of Sierra Leone, West Africa through the acquisition of the common shares of Calone Mining Company (S.L.) Ltd.). At this time, the Company has yet to make a formal listing application to the Exchange and the completion of the foregoing proposed transactions is subject to, amongst other things, the approval of the Exchange, the Company's shareholders, the Court of British Columbia, and all other applicable regulatory bodies.Mr Michael P. Rosatelli, P. Geo. (APGO), Vice-President, Exploration for the Company, is the Qualified Person (as that term is defined in National Instrument 43-101) who has reviewed this news release and is responsible for the technical information reported herein.Forward-Looking Statement: This news release contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties beyond the Company's ability to control or predict and are not to be interpreted as guarantees for future performance. These forward-looking statements could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this news release and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, or changes in expectations after the date hereof, except as required by law. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.ReblogShareTweetSharePopular in the CommunityMan says he killed wife aboard cruise ship because 'she would not stop laughing at me': Affidavit2,091 reactions4%73%23%Zuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredClashes in Venezuela ahead of Sunday’s election25 reactions5%62%33%Senate 'skinny repeal' of Obamacare falls apart on Senate floor after McCain defects3,333 reactions8%66%26%McDonald's worker puts everyone off ice cream with 'disgusting' photos  3,187 reactions3%75%22%"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredPortugal battles raging wildfires17 reactions0%68%32%The Note: The end for repeal and replace1 reactionsLuis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1529 reactions3%80%17%Shop July Specials at Macy's - Extra 25-60% OffMacys.comSponsoredGrandmother lays in pool of blood playing dead after being attacked night before her husband's funeral1,173 reactions6%71%23%GOP dealt stiff blow in Senate's bid to repeal 'Obamacare'1,949 reactions4%68%28%Better arrival: Antonio Brown's Phantom or James Harrison's fire truck?384 reactions6%72%22%A Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredDeadly accident at the Ohio State Fair95 reactions2%81%17%Insomniac Theater: 'Atomic Blonde' and 'The Emoji Movie'2 reactions0%100%0%Brexit transition deal will 'look very similar' to EU membershipRalph: NO that's not what we wanted when we voted OUT. We want out of this un-democratic dictatorship and we want out completely, so we can get rid of low life animals like the Rotherham sex gangs and deport ISIS terrorists, Stop stupid HR which president BLIAR wife brought in and STOP non skilled immigrants. That to name just a few options. But Hammond wants us to stay in so his MP buddies keep getting on and off the Gravy train and have their gold plated pensions wrapped in bubble wrap while the rest of us struggle and suffer so he can still live the UPPER CRUST LIFE. Hammond need sacking now as he is against Britain developing into a strong leading nation once again without dictatorship of the EUSSR pulling the stringsJoin the Conversation1 / 554








