
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Michael Quartieri | Scientific Games Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















Michael Quartieri | Scientific Games Corp | Email, EVP/CFO, @scientificgames.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Michael Quartieri

 Scientific Games Corp  EVP/CFO




export

















6650 S. El Camino Road

Spring Valley, NV 89118


Email format for @scientificgames.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
5000 - 9999

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Services->Information Services                    
SIC Code:  
                         7373  - Computer Integrated Systems Design








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Need to know Michael Quartieri's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Scientific Games Corp's Lead411 profile.  Michael Quartieri is the EVP/CFO for Scientific Games Corp, an organization which has its base in Spring Valley, NV.  One can also find Scientific Games Corp email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @scientificgames.com url.  Information services is Scientific Games Corp's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Michael Quartieri are MQuartieri@scientificgames.com, Michael.Quartieri@scientificgames.com, Michael@scientificgames.com, and Michael_Quartieri@scientificgames.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@scientificgames.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Michael Q - Other
Need to know Michael Q's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Ledcor Group of Companies's Lead411 profile.  Michael Q is the Estimator for Ledcor Group of Companies, an organization which has its base in San Diego, CA.  One can also find Ledcor Group of Companies email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @ledcor.com url.  Other biz services is Ledcor Group of Companies's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Michael Q are MQ@ledcor.com, Michael.Q@ledcor.com, Michael@ledcor.com, and Michael_Q@ledcor.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ledcor.com addresses.
Michael Qadi - Executive
Located in ,  Knightsbridge Properties has Michael Qadi serving as the organization's Vice President- Acquisitions and Asset Management. Need Michael Qadi's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Knightsbridge Properties Lead411 profile, along with their Knightsbridge Properties email addresses using the domain. Search for Knightsbridge Properties on Lead411 under the Real estate industry.  Some possible email formats for Michael Qadi are MQadi@knightsbridgeproperties.net, Michael.Qadi@knightsbridgeproperties.net, Michael@knightsbridgeproperties.net, and Michael_Qadi@knightsbridgeproperties.net. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@knightsbridgeproperties.net addresses.
Michael Qaqish - Other
Need to know Michael Qaqish's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on City of Ottawa's Lead411 profile.  Michael Qaqish is the Councillor, Gloucester South Nepean for City of Ottawa, an organization which has its base in Ottawa, .  One can also find City of Ottawa email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @ottawa.ca url.  Government is City of Ottawa's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Michael Qaqish are MQaqish@ottawa.ca, Michael.Qaqish@ottawa.ca, Michael@ottawa.ca, and Michael_Qaqish@ottawa.ca. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ottawa.ca addresses.



Similar Employees:
Martha Langer - Executive
If you need @scientificgames.com email addresses for Scientific Games Corp, you can find them on Lead411 as Martha Langer's email might be available. Martha Langer, the company's Director, Product Management Gaming Systems, Business Intelligence and CRM Solutions, also has extensive contact information, including Scientific Games Corp's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Spring Valley, NV-based Scientific Games Corp can be found on Lead411 under the Information services industry.  Some possible email formats for Martha Langer are MLanger@scientificgames.com, Martha.Langer@scientificgames.com, Martha@scientificgames.com, and Martha_Langer@scientificgames.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@scientificgames.com addresses.
Adam Cormany - Executive
Adam Cormany's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Scientific Games Corp's Lead411 profile and other Scientific Games Corp email addresses with the @scientificgames.com domain format.  He is part of Scientific Games Corp where he serves as the Senior Support Systems Analyst.  Scientific Games Corp's main office is set in Spring Valley, NV. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Information services category.  Some possible email formats for Adam Cormany are ACormany@scientificgames.com, Adam.Cormany@scientificgames.com, Adam@scientificgames.com, and Adam_Cormany@scientificgames.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@scientificgames.com addresses.
Mark Lowell - Other
Mark Lowell is part of Scientific Games Corp, an organization which has its main offices in Spring Valley, NV.  Mark serves as the Vice President of Engineering at Scientific Games Corp.  If you're searching for Scientific Games Corp email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @scientificgames.com along with Mark Lowell's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Scientific Games Corp's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Information services industry.  Some possible email formats for Mark Lowell are MLowell@scientificgames.com, Mark.Lowell@scientificgames.com, Mark@scientificgames.com, and Mark_Lowell@scientificgames.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@scientificgames.com addresses.

People Directory > Michael Quartieri

























Senior Management








































Kevin M. SheehanChief Executive Officer


 Kevin Sheehan joined Scientific Games Corporation as Chief Executive Officer and President in August 2016.
Previously he served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Norwegian Cruise Line Holding Ltd., comprised of Norwegian Cruise Line and Prestige Cruises International, Inc., which operates Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas.
At Norwegian, Kevin led major initiatives to expand the company’s revenues and increase profitability in the midst of a difficult economic climate. He also focused the organization on delivering increased guest services, raising guest satisfaction scores to record levels.
In 2013, Sheehan completed Norwegian’s successful initial public offering on NASDAQ, and in 2014, he completed the acquisition of Prestige Cruises International, the market leader in the upscale cruise segment.
Kevin’s management philosophy of leading by example enabled him to reinvigorate Norwegian by opening lines of communication and creating a positive corporate culture.
Prior to Norwegian, Kevin was with Cendant Corporation. His last role was Chief Executive Officer of Vehicle Services, which included global responsibilities of Avis, Budget, PHH Vehicle Management Services, and Wright Express.
Kevin‘s earlier career included nearly 10 years in the media industry. He served as President of STT Video Partners, a joint venture between Time Warner, HBO and Sega, to offer interactive cable services directly into consumers‘ homes. He was also instrumental in the creation and launch of Telemundo.
In 2011, Kevin was named “Miami Ultimate CEO” by the South Florida Business Journal, and in 2014 EY named him an “Entrepreneur of the Year”.
Kevin holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Hunter College and an MBA from New York University’s Graduate School of Business. He is also a Certified Public Accountant.


Karin-Joyce TjonChief Operating Officer and President


 Karin-Joyce Tjon joined Scientific Games as the Chief Operating Officer and President in February 2017. In this role, Tjon has oversight of the gaming and lottery operations and the Company’s organizational strategy, business development, and fiscal discipline, reporting directly to Scientific Games’ Chief Executive Officer Kevin Sheehan.
Ms. Tjon previously served for two years as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Epiq Systems where she oversaw legal, corporate governance, risk compliance, and all aspects of international corporate finance. Prior to her work at Epiq, she spent three years as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Hawker Beechcraft Corporation, directing the company’s administrative, financial and risk management options, effectively aligning finance with overall business strategy.
Ms. Tjon earned an MBA in Finance from Columbia University and a bachelor’s degree in Organizational Behavior and Management from Ohio University.


Michael QuartieriExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


 Michael Quartieri, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, joined Scientific Games in November 2015 as Vice President and Corporate Controller. Before joining Scientific Games, Mr. Quartieri served nine years at Las Vegas Sands Corp., where he ended his tenure as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Global Controller. Before that, he worked for 13 years at Deloitte & Touche, where he rose to the position of Director of Audit and Assurance Services, specializing in gaming and hospitality clients.
In December 2015, the Company announced that Michael Quartieri will succeed Scott Schweinfurth as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary, upon Mr. Schweinfurth’s retirement in early 2016.
Mr. Quartieri holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and a Master of Accounting from the University of Southern California and is a Certified Public Accountant.


David SmailExecutive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer


 David Smail serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer for Scientific Games, overseeing the Company’s legal strategy and operations. Mr. Smail is a dynamic, hands-on business leader with more than 20 years’ experience working for global companies in the U.S. and internationally. He brings a wealth of public company and international experience, as well as proven expertise in building strong relationships focused on strategic partnerships in support of business objectives.
Mr. Smail was most recently with Morgans Hotel Group Co., where he was Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Before that, he served as Executive Vice President and Group General Counsel at Havas S.A., a France-based global advertising and communications services company. Earlier in his career, he was a Partner with the international law firm Hogan Lovells, where he worked in Paris and Washington D.C.
Mr.Smail received his J.D. cum laude from Harvard Law School in 1991 and his B.A. summa cum laude in Biology and French from Macalester College in St. Paul, Minn. in 1987.



Susan CartwrightVice President of Corporate Communications


 Susan Cartwright joined Scientific Games as Vice President of Corporate Communications in January 2016. She leads Scientific Games’ global external and internal communications as well as the Company’s corporate social responsibility program.
Cartwright most recently served as Vice President of Corporate Communications for IGT, where she was responsible for leading the company’s internal and external corporate communication strategy and execution. During her three-year tenure from 2012-2015, Cartwright focused on global communications strategy and tactics, corporate branding, executive thought leadership, government and investor relations communications, sales enablement, web initiatives, and merger communications.
Before joining IGT, Cartwright held a number of senior-management positions in marketing, advertising, communications, and operations with leading communications and advertising agencies including: Noble Communications, Omnicom’s Element 79, Energy BBDO and DDB, and Leo Burnett. She has worked with prominent blue chip clients that include Johns Hopkins University, Gerber, Quaker Snacks, Zicam, Bayer, Aleve, Ziploc, Stolichnaya, Beefeater, Cleveland Clinic, Kahlua, and BEHR Paint.
Cartwright earned a Bachelor of Speech in Communication Studies from Northwestern University.


James C. Kennedy Jr.Group Chief Executive of Lottery


 James Kennedy serves as Executive Vice President, Group Chief Executive of Lottery. Mr. Kennedy leads Scientific Games’ Lottery Business worldwide. Prior to this role, Mr. Kennedy served as President, Printed Products and Chief Marketing Officer.
Since joining Scientific Games in 1985, Mr. Kennedy has worked closely with customers around the world to create and execute successful lottery programs for responsible, sustainable growth. Under his leadership as Senior Vice President of Sales and Global Marketing, Mr. Kennedy was responsible for global marketing and business management for sales, customer service and creative for all of Scientific Games’  lottery businesses during the time when the Company experienced the most significant growth in its history of global instant products and related services. During Mr. Kennedy’s tenure at Scientific Games, he also served as Vice President of U.S. Sales and President of SGI Retail Solutions.
Mr. Kennedy holds several patents and is recognized for his contributions to the Lottery industry as the recipient of three major lottery awards, including the Major Peter J. O’Connell Lottery Industry Lifetime Achievement Award, induction into the Lottery Industry Hall of Fame and the NASPL Powers Award. Prior to joining Scientific Games, Mr. Kennedy was a Systems Engineer for Computer Task Group.
Mr. Kennedy has a bachelor’s degree in Computer and Management Science, an MBA from the University of Colorado and a graduate degree from Columbia Business School’s Senior Executive Program.


Derik MooberryGroup Chief Executive of Gaming


 Derik Mooberry serves as Executive Vice President, Group Chief Executive of Gaming. Before joining the Company in November 2014, Mr. Mooberry served Senior Vice President of Games, Table Game Products, and Interactive Research & Development for Bally Technologies and oversaw Bally’s business in Mexico and South America.
He has also held roles as Bally’s Senior Vice President of Games and Vice President of Products and Operations, responsible for games, systems, and server-based solutions, product management, technology development, and global operations. Additionally, he served as Bally’s Vice President of Games Sales and Operations in the Americas, responsible for Bally’s games and gaming operations business throughout North America, the Caribbean, Central, and South America.
Mr. Mooberry previously served as Bally Technologies’ Vice President, Western Regional System Sales. In that capacity, he played a key role in the signing of several major Bally Systems customers.
Mr. Mooberry has more than 20 years of gaming industry experience and is also a Certified Public Accountant in Nevada (U.S.).


Barry CottleChief Executive of Interactive


 Barry Cottle, Chief Executive, SG Interactive, at Scientific Games
Barry Cottle joined Scientific Games as Chief Executive, SG Interactive, in August 2015 to lead the strategy and growth plans of the Interactive group.
Before Scientific Games, Cottle served as Vice Chairman of Deluxe Entertainment while concurrently serving as Senior Vice President of Technology at MacAndrews & Forbes where he helped drive digital innovation including Deluxe’s launch of Virtual Reality in June 2015.
Prior to that, he was the Chief Revenue Officer and Executive Vice President – Games for Zynga, where he led corporate and business development, strategic partnerships, distribution, marketing and advertising.  Additionally, Cottle took over the rapidly declining casino division in 2013 and turned it around to grow revenues and market share and establish Zynga as a leader in the social and mobile space.
Previously, Cottle served as the Executive Vice President – Interactive for Electronic Arts (EA) for five years, where he grew EA’s mobile and online game division from approximately $140 million in yearly revenues to more than $600 million to become the worldwide market leader. During his tenure, he transitioned EA Mobile from a U.S.-centric feature phone business to a global free-play leader across smartphones and Facebook.
Earlier in his career, Cottle served as the Founder/CEO of Quickoffice; COO of Palm; and Senior Vice President of Disney TeleVentures, a division of The Walt Disney Company dedicated to creating interactive online/TV experiences. Cottle earned an MBA from Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.


Jordan LevinPresident, Interactive / Sr. VP, Corporate Development


 Jordan Levin serves as President, Interactive for Scientific Games. In this capacity, he provides executive management and leadership, including overall strategic direction, business development, sales and marketing, and operational oversight. Mr. Levin has served as Managing Director, Williams Interactive at Scientific Games since January 2014, having previously been Chief Operating Officer of Williams Interactive since July 2012, when it was created as a subsidiary of WMS Industries Inc. (“WMS”) (acquired by Scientific Games in October 2013). Prior to that he was WMS’ Vice President of Business Development.
After joining WMS Industries in 2006 as Senior Principal Business Development, Mr. Levin was promoted to Director Business Development in 2008 and later Vice President of Business Development in 2010. Previously, he worked in investment banking and corporate finance with Dresner Partners and Wells Fargo. Mr. Levin earned his Bachelor of Business degree in Finance from the University of Texas, Austin in 1998, and received a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Chicago in 2008.


Michael P. ConfortiPresident, Global Strategic Accounts


 Michael Conforti is the President of Global Strategic Accounts.  Michael joined the company in 2011, initially serving as Vice President of International Business Development after spending several years assisting the Company in the development of its China business.
Mr. Conforti previously served as the President, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel of URU Technology Incorporated, a company that develops and commercializes proprietary biometric access control and identity management solutions.
From 1996 to 2000, Mr. Conforti was employed by GTECH Corporation as its Vice President of International Business Development, where his responsibilities extended to government relations and Asian operations. Prior to joining GTECH, Mr. Conforti was a Director of Black, Manafort, Stone & Kelly, a leading Washington, D.C.-based public affairs company.
Michael is an attorney and member of the Virginia State Bar and holds a bachelor’s degree from St. Lawrence University of New York and a JD from George Mason University School of Law of Virginia.


Shawn G. WilliamsChief Human Resources Officer 


 Shawn G. Williams joined Scientific Games in July 2017 as the Chief Human Resources Officer. Mr. Williams is responsible for developing and executing Scientific Games’ global human resources strategy in support of the Company’s long-term business strategies. His specific focus areas include organizational and performance management, training and development, compensation, succession planning, and company culture.
Before joining Scientific Games, Mr. Williams held multiple noteworthy executive positions overseeing many different areas. His latest venture was co-founding Defi LLC, a consulting firm for technology start-ups that provides business strategy, operations, marketing, investment capital, and financial management expertise to their clients.
Prior to the launch of Defi, Mr. Williams held prominent leadership positions at Samsung Electronics America, Hewlett Packard, Apria Healthcare Inc., LeEco Holdings North America, and Tribal Knowledge Consulting Services LLC in HR and/or operations. During Mr. Williams’ 12-year career at Hewlett Packard, he held a multitude of leadership positions, including Chief Operations and People Officer for the company’s Enterprise Services group- a $28 billion 160,000-employee division of the technology giant.
Mr. Williams holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of Houston and completed executive leadership programs at Stanford University and Babson College.





Larry A. Potts Chief Compliance Officer


 Larry Potts joined Scientific Games in September 2004 as Vice President of Security and Compliance, and in 2006 was designated Chief Compliance Officer and Director of Security.
Prior to joining Scientific Games, he was Chief Operating Officer of Investigative Group International, an investigative and security-consulting company headquartered in Washington, D.C. His duties there included the day to day management of operations and personally conducting some investigative and consulting jobs involving complex internal inquiries and due diligence matters.
In addition, Mr. Potts served as a Special Agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation from 1974 to 1997 during which he worked violent crimes, white-collar crimes and organized crime as a street agent. He also served as the Chief of the Public Corruption Unit where he developed guidelines for conducting public corruption investigations. He was named Inspector-In-Charge of the VANPAC Task Force involving the mail bombing deaths of a Federal judge and a civil rights attorney. He supervised that multi-agency task force of several hundred investigators, which resulted in the successful prosecution of the individual responsible. He held numerous management positions in the FBI, including Assistant Director in Charge of the Criminal Investigative Division and Deputy Director.
Mr. Potts holds a bachelor’s degree in History and Psychology from the University of Richmond.






Home
About
Investors
Careers
News Room
Support























Investors
Corporate Overview
Investor News
Quarterly Earnings
SEC Filings
Financial Information
Events & Presentations
Stock Information
Corporate Governance
Investor Resources
Proxy Materials


Home  > 
		Investors  > 
		Corporate Overview  > 
			Senior Management




Investors
Corporate Overview
Investor News
Quarterly Earnings
SEC Filings
Financial Information
Events & Presentations
Stock Information
Corporate Governance
Investor Resources
Proxy Materials


Frequently Used Tools










Senior Management 




 
Kevin M. Sheehan

Chief Executive Officer




 
Karin-Joyce Tjon

Chief Operating Officer and President




 
Michael Quartieri

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer




 
David Smail

Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer




 
Susan Cartwright

Vice President of Corporate Communications




 
James C. Kennedy Jr.

Group Chief Executive of Lottery




 
Derik Mooberry

Group Chief Executive of Gaming




 
Barry Cottle

Chief Executive of Interactive




 
Jordan Levin

President, Interactive / Sr. VP, Corporate Development




 
Michael P. Conforti

President, Global Strategic Accounts




 
Shawn G. Williams

Chief Human Resources Officer 




 
Larry A. Potts

 Chief Compliance Officer

























Michael A. Quartieri - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Michael A. Quartieri
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary at Scientific Games Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Michael A. Quartieri? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael A. Quartieri's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael A. Quartieri's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael A. Quartieri's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael A. Quartieri through your network of contacts.
												








Michael A. Quartieri's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary, 
Scientific Games Corporation


Past
To view Michael A. Quartieri's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
48

 
 


Michael A. Quartieri's Biography




			Michael A. Quartieri serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary. Previously he served as the Company's Vice President and Corporate Controller. Prior to joining SGC, Mr. Quartieri served nine years with Las Vegas Sands Corp., ending his tenure as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Global Controller. Prior to that, he had a 13?year tenure at Deloitte & Touche LLP, rising to the position of Director of Audit and Assurance Services and specializing in gaming and hospitality clients.
		
Source: Scientific Games Corporation on 03/03/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Michael A. Quartieri's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Michael A. Quartieri. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Michael A. Quartieri's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Michael A. Quartieri's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Michael A. Quartieri through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Michael A. Quartieri


















Michael A. Quartieri's Connections (56)





Sign up now to view Michael A. Quartieri's 56 connections »









Charles A. Koppelman
Board Member, Las Vegas Sands Corp.









Robert G. Goldstein
Dir., President and Chief Operating Officer, Las Vegas Sands Corp.









Chris J. Cahill
Former Executive Vice President, Global Operations, Las Vegas Sands Corp.









Jonathan K. Knowles
Board Member, Adaptimmune Therapeutics









Kenneth J. Kay
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Las Vegas Sands Corp.









Sheldon G. Adelson
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer, Las Vegas Sands Corp.









Frances F. Townsend
Board Member, The Western Union Company









Michael A. Leven
Board Member, Hersha Hospitality Trust









Thomas Arasi
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Marina Bay Sands Pte. Ltd., Las Vegas Sands Corp.









George P. Koo
Former Board Member, Las Vegas Sands Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


































 



 Scientific Games Promotes Michael Quartieri to Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, 
         










    










 






 











 









Scientific Games Promotes Michael Quartieri to Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary

Dec 15, 2015, 16:30 ET
		  		  											
						 from   Scientific Games Corporation 











 
















































 

 




















 


LAS VEGAS, Dec. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Scientific Games Corporation (NASDAQ:   SGMS) ("Scientific Games" or the "Company") today announced that it will promote Michael Quartieri to Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary, succeeding Scott Schweinfurth. Quartieri will be based in Scientific Games' Las Vegas, Nevada global headquarters. Quartieri's promotion will be effective after the Company files its 2015 Form 10-K.
Quartieri joined Scientific Games last month as Vice President and Corporate Controller. He recently served nine years with Las Vegas Sands Corp., ending his tenure as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Global Controller. Previously, he had a 13-year tenure at Deloitte & Touche LLP, rising to the position of Director of Audit and Assurance Services, in which he specialized in gaming and hospitality clients. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and a Master of Accounting from the University of Southern California and is a Certified Public Accountant.
An established leader with extensive experience in closely managing and optimizing finance functions for a large, global publicly traded corporation, Quartieri will assume accountability and responsibility for Scientific Games' finance function, including accounting, financial planning and reporting, internal controls, investor relations, treasury, tax, and financial operations.
Gavin Isaacs, Scientific Games' President and Chief Executive Officer, said, "Michael has a proven track record of achieving results by partnering with operations to drive growth and cash flow, while implementing significant strategic, financial, and operational improvements. He has quickly become a key member of our leadership team, and we look forward to Michael's many contributions in the years ahead."
About Scientific Games 
Scientific Games Corporation (NASDAQ:  SGMS) is a leading developer of technology-based products and services and associated content for worldwide gaming, lottery and interactive markets. The Company's portfolio includes gaming machines, game content and systems; table games products and shufflers; instant and draw-based lottery games; server-based lottery and gaming systems; sports betting technology; loyalty and rewards programs; and interactive content and services. For more information, please visit ScientificGames.com.
COMPANY CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Scientific Games:  Bill Pfund +1 702-532-7663
Vice President, Investor Relations
bill.pfund@scientificgames.com
Media Relations:
Scientific Games: Mollie Cole +1 773-961-1194
Director, Corporate Communications
mollie.cole@scientificgames.com
Forward-Looking Statements
In this press release, Scientific Games may make "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements describe future expectations, plans, results or strategies and can often be identified by the use of terminology such as "may," "will," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "continue," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "target," "should," "could," "potential," "opportunity," "goal," or similar terminology. These statements are based upon management's current expectations, assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of timing, future results or performance. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors, including, among other things: competition; U.S. and international economic and industry conditions, including declines in or slow growth of gross gaming revenues or lottery retail sales, reductions in or constraints on capital spending by gaming or lottery operators and bankruptcies of, or credit risk relating to, customers; limited growth from new gaming jurisdictions, slow addition of casinos in existing jurisdictions and declines in the replacement cycle of existing gaming machines; ownership changes and consolidation in the casino industry; opposition to legalized gaming or the expansion thereof; inability to adapt to, and offer products that keep pace with, evolving technology; inability to develop successful gaming concepts and content; laws and government regulations, including those relating to gaming licenses and environmental laws; inability to identify and capitalize on trends and changes in the gaming and lottery industries, including the expansion of interactive gaming; dependence upon key providers in our social gaming business; inability to retain or renew, or unfavorable revisions of, existing contracts, and the inability to enter into new contracts; level of our indebtedness, higher interest rates, availability or adequacy of cash flows and liquidity to satisfy obligations or future cash needs, and restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements; protection of our intellectual property, inability to license third party intellectual property, and the intellectual property rights of others; security and integrity of our software and systems and reliance on or failures in our information technology systems; natural events that disrupt our operations or those of our customers, suppliers or regulators; inability to benefit from, and risks associated with, strategic equity investments and relationships, including (i) the inability of our joint venture  to realize the anticipated benefits under its private management agreement with the Illinois lottery or from the disentanglement services performed in connection with the termination thereof, (ii) the inability of our joint venture to meet the net income targets or other requirements under its agreement to provide marketing and sales services to the New Jersey Lottery or otherwise to realize the anticipated benefits under such agreement and (iii) failure to realize the anticipated benefits related to the award to our consortium of an instant lottery game concession in Greece; failure to achieve the intended benefits of the Bally acquisition or the WMS acquisition, other recent acquisitions, or future acquisitions, including due to the inability to successfully integrate such acquisitions or realize synergies in the anticipated amounts or within the contemplated time frames or cost expectations, or at all; disruption of our current plans and operations in connection with our recent acquisitions (including in connection with the integration of Bally and WMS), including departure of key personnel or inability to recruit additional qualified personnel or maintain relationships with customers, suppliers or other third parties; costs, charges and expenses relating to the Bally acquisition and the WMS acquisition; inability to complete or successfully integrate future acquisitions; incurrence of employee termination or restructuring costs, and impairment or asset write-down charges; changes in estimates or judgments related to our impairment analysis of goodwill or other intangible assets; implementation of complex revenue recognition standards; fluctuations in our results due to seasonality and other factors; dependence on suppliers and manufacturers; risks relating to foreign operations, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and restrictions on the payment of dividends from earnings, restrictions on the import of products and financial instability, including the potential impact to our instant lottery game concession or VLT lease arrangements resulting from the recent economic and political conditions in Greece; dependence on our key employees; litigation and other liabilities relating to our business, including litigation and liabilities relating to our contracts and licenses, our products and systems, our employees, intellectual property and our strategic relationships; influence of certain stockholders; and stock price volatility.
Additional information regarding risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in forward-looking statements is included from time to time in our filings with the SEC, including Scientific Games' current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its latest annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2015 (including under the headings "Forward Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors"). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except for Scientific Games' ongoing obligations under the U.S. federal securities laws, Scientific Games undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 SOURCE  Scientific Games Corporation  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.scientificgames.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Dec 17, 2015, 14:54 ET
Preview: Scientific Games' Hot Shot Casino Slots Named as One of Facebook's 2015 Games of the Year


















Dec 14, 2015, 08:45 ET
Preview: Scientific Games Announces Regulatory Approval for New TwinStar Cabinet and Two New Games








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 17, 2017, 08:45 ET
Scientific Games Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results and...














Jul 17, 2017, 08:45 ET
Scientific Games to Report Second Quarter Results on Monday, July...














Jul 17, 2017, 08:45 ET
Scientific Games Scores New Six-Year Contract With Colorado...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 









Michael Quartieri - Las Vegas Sands Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsMichael QuartieriLas Vegas Sands (LVS)SVP - Chief Accounting OfficerRanked #26,793 out of 33,852 Insiders on TipRanksMichael Quartieri's PerformanceProfitable Transactions0 out of 2 profitable transactionsAverage  Return-41.9%Average return per transactionEach transaction is measured over a 1 Year3 Months1 Month period, and compared to No BenchmarkS&P 500Sector.How are Insiders Ranked? Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Las Vegas Sands (LVS)Transaction Type: Informative SellDates: Feb 07, 2012 - Feb 07, 2013Gain: -13.9%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Michael Quartieri's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateSGMSScientific GamesExecutive VP, CFO & Corp Sec-Uninformative Buy$0Mar 22, 2017LVSLas Vegas SandsSVP - Chief Accounting Officer-Informative Sell$1,698,438.75Dec 17, 2012See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by













































 



 Scientific Games Announces Retirement of Chief Financial Officer Scott Schweinfurth 
         










    










 






 











 









Scientific Games Announces Retirement of Chief Financial Officer Scott Schweinfurth

		  Company Initiates Search for Successor; Schweinfurth to Remain with Company through Year-end Closing and Filing of Form 10-KNames Michael Quartieri Vice President and Corporate Controller
		

Nov 16, 2015, 08:30 ET
		  		  											
						 from   Scientific Games Corporation 











 
















































 

 




















 


LAS VEGAS, Nov. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Scientific Games Corporation (NASDAQ:   SGMS) ("Scientific Games" or the "Company") today announced that Scott D. Schweinfurth, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary, will be retiring from the Company.  Mr. Schweinfurth will continue in his role through the Company's year-end financial audit and filing of its Form 10-K and the appointment of his successor; and he will work closely with Scientific Games management to ensure a smooth and successful transition of responsibilities.  
The Company has initiated a search process and retained Egon Zehnder, a leading executive search firm. The Company plans to consider both internal and external candidates to fill the CFO position.
The Company also announced that Michael Quartieri has joined Scientific Games as Vice President and Corporate Controller.  Mr. Quartieri most recently served nine years as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Global Controller for Las Vegas Sands Corp. Previously, he had a 13-year tenure at Deloitte & Touche, rising to the position of Director of Audit and Assurance Services and specializing in gaming and hospitality clients. 
Scientific Games President and Chief Executive Officer Gavin Isaacs said, "We welcome Mike to Scientific Games and to our finance and accounting team.  I am confident that his leadership, experience and wide range of capabilities will benefit our organization and all of our stakeholders as we grow and evolve our business."
Mr. Isaacs also commented on the retirement of Mr. Schweinfurth, "On behalf of the Board of Directors and everyone on the Scientific Games team, I want to thank Scott for his leadership and significant contributions to our company. We look forward to an orderly and seamless transition of his responsibilities. I've known Scott for many years and having worked so closely with him during the last 18 months, I will miss his good humor and friendship. We wish him and his family all the best as he embarks on a new chapter in his life."  
Mr. Schweinfurth said, "I am privileged to have been part of the Scientific Games team, working alongside many talented people across our global organization. I've thoroughly enjoyed my 20+ years in the gaming industry at Scientific Games, WMS and Bally, but now it's time for me to retire. With the talented and experienced team we've built as we integrated our companies, I am confident that it is the right time to transition the Company's financial leadership. I look forward to enjoying my retirement and spending more time with my family and friends." 
About Scientific Games 
Scientific Games Corporation (NASDAQ:   SGMS) is a leading developer of technology-based products and services and associated content for worldwide gaming, lottery and interactive markets. The Company's portfolio includes gaming machines, game content and systems; table games products and utilities; instant and draw-based lottery games; server-based lottery and gaming systems; sports betting technology; loyalty and rewards programs; and interactive content and services. For more information, please visit www.scientificgames.com. 
Company Contacts:
Investor Relations:
Scientific Games:  Bill Pfund +1 702-532-7663
Vice President, Investor Relations
bill.pfund@scientificgames.com
Media Relations:
Scientific Games:  Mollie Cole +1 773-961-1194
Director, Corporate Communications
mollie.cole@scientificgames.com
Forward-Looking Statements
In this press release, Scientific Games makes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements describe future expectations, plans, results or strategies and can often be identified by the use of terminology such as "may," "will," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "continue," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "target," "should," "could," "potential," "opportunity," "goal," or similar terminology. These statements are based upon management's current expectations, assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of timing, future results or performance. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated in these statements due to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors, including, among other things: competition; U.S. and international economic and industry conditions, including declines in or slow growth of lottery retail sales or gross gaming revenues, reductions in or constraints on capital spending by gaming or lottery operators and bankruptcies of, or credit risk relating to, customers; limited growth from new gaming jurisdictions, slow addition of casinos in existing jurisdictions and declines in the replacement cycle of existing gaming machines; ownership changes and consolidation in the casino industry; opposition to legalized gaming or the expansion thereof; ability to adapt to, and offer products that keep pace with, evolving technology; ability to develop successful gaming concepts and content; laws and government regulations, including those relating to gaming licenses and environmental laws; inability to identify and capitalize on trends and changes in the gaming and lottery industries, including the expansion of interactive gaming; dependence upon key providers in our social gaming business; retention and renewal of existing contracts or entry into new or revised contracts; level of our indebtedness, higher interest rates, availability and adequacy of cash flows and liquidity to satisfy obligations or future needs, and restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements; protection of our intellectual property, ability to license third party intellectual property, and the intellectual property rights of others; security and integrity of our software and systems and reliance on or failures in our information technology systems; natural events that disrupt our operations or those of our customers, suppliers or regulators; inability to benefit from, and risks associated with, strategic equity investments and relationships, including (i) the inability of our joint venture to meet the net income targets or otherwise to realize the anticipated benefits under its private management agreement with the Illinois lottery (or in connection with any termination thereof), (ii) the inability of our joint venture to meet the net income targets or other requirements under its agreement to provide marketing and sales services to the New Jersey lottery or otherwise to realize the anticipated benefits under such agreement and (iii) failure to realize the anticipated benefits related to the award to our consortium of an instant lottery game concession in Greece; failure to achieve the intended benefits of the Bally acquisition or the WMS acquisition, including due to the inability to successfully integrate such acquisitions or realize synergies in the anticipated amounts or within the contemplated timeframes or cost expectations, or at all; litigation relating to the Bally acquisition; disruption of our current plans and operations in connection with the Bally acquisition and the WMS acquisition (including in connection with the integration of Bally and WMS), including departure of key personnel or inability to recruit additional qualified personnel or maintain relationships with customers, suppliers or other third parties; costs, charges and expenses relating to the Bally acquisition and the WMS acquisition; inability to complete or successfully integrate future acquisitions; incurrence of restructuring costs, revenue recognition standards and impairment or asset write-down charges; fluctuations in our results due to seasonality and other factors; dependence on suppliers and manufacturers; risks relating to foreign operations, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and restrictions on the payment of dividends from earnings, restrictions on the import of products and financial instability, including the potential impact to our instant lottery game concession or VLT lease arrangements resulting from the recent economic and political conditions in Greece; dependence on our key employees; litigation and other liabilities relating to our business, including risks relating to product defects or  other claims relating to products; influence of certain stockholders; and stock price volatility.
Additional information regarding risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in forward-looking statements is included from time to time in our filings with the SEC, including the Company's current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its latest annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2015 (including under the headings "Forward Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors").  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except for Scientific Games' ongoing obligations under the U.S. federal securities laws, Scientific Games undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 
 SOURCE  Scientific Games Corporation  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.scientificgames.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Dec 01, 2015, 08:45 ET
Preview: Scientific Games to Provide West Virginia Lottery with Advanced G2S Central Monitoring and Control System for Approximately 14,000 Gaming Machines













Nov 09, 2015, 16:05 ET
Preview: Scientific Games Reports Third Quarter 2015 Results






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 17, 2017, 08:45 ET
Scientific Games Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results and...














Jul 17, 2017, 08:45 ET
Scientific Games to Report Second Quarter Results on Monday, July...














Jul 17, 2017, 08:45 ET
Scientific Games Scores New Six-Year Contract With Colorado...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 