

Quarta-Rad, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:23 AM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of Quarta-Rad, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Quarta-Rad, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the distribution and sale of detection devices for homeowners, home builders, and home renovation contractors. It sells radiation detection equipment products, including RADEX RD1503, a hand-held radiation detector for the consumer market; RADEX RD1706, a hand-held radiation detector; RADEX RD1008, a radiation detection device that provides readings for Gamma and Beta radiation values; RADEX RD1212, a hand-held radiation detector for the consumer market; and RADEX RD ONE, a personal radiation detector. The company also provides radon detection equipment comprising RADEX MR106N, a radon gas detector; and RADEX MR153N, a simple radon...
Quarta-Rad, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the distribution and sale of detection devices for homeowners, home builders, and home renovation contractors. It sells radiation detection equipment products, including RADEX RD1503, a hand-held radiation detector for the consumer market; RADEX RD1706, a hand-held radiation detector; RADEX RD1008, a radiation detection device that provides readings for Gamma and Beta radiation values; RADEX RD1212, a hand-held radiation detector for the consumer market; and RADEX RD ONE, a personal radiation detector. The company also provides radon detection equipment comprising RADEX MR106N, a radon gas detector; and RADEX MR153N, a simple radon gas detector that provides visual/audio alarm when a threshold is reached, as well as RADEX EMI50, a hand-held device that offers real-time measuring of electric field strength and electromagnetic field. In addition, it offers light and brightness detection equipment, such as RADEX Lupin, a hand-held device that measure illumination, brightness, and flicker ratio of LED screens. Quarta-Rad, Inc. markets its products through the independent distributors and the Internet in the United States. The company was formerly known as Quatra-Rad, Inc. and changed its name to Quarta-Rad, Inc. in February 2012. Quarta-Rad, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is based in Wilmington, Delaware.
Detailed Description


1201 North Orange StreetSuite 700Wilmington, DE 19801United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 310-308-7887

www.quartarad.com







Key Executives for Quarta-Rad, Inc.




Mr. Victor Shvetsky


      	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & Secretary
      


Age: 43
        







Mr. Alexey Golovanov


      	President & Director
      


Age: 40
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Quarta-Rad, Inc. Key Developments

Quarta-Rad, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
May 16 17
On 05/16/2017, Quarta-Rad, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Quarta-Rad, Inc. Auditor Raises 'Going Concern' Doubt
Apr 7 17
Quarta-Rad, Inc. filed its 10-K on Apr 07, 2017 for the period ending Dec 31, 2016. In this report its auditor, Hall & Company, gave an unqualified opinion expressing doubt that the company can continue as a going concern.


Quarta-Rad, Inc. announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Apr 3 17
On 04/03/2017, Quarta-Rad, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 195 Lumber Company United States 2 J Supply, Inc. United States 21st Century Equipment, LLC United States 31-W Insulation Co., Inc. United States 3D Mechanical/Service Co., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Quarta-Rad, Inc., please visit www.quartarad.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Questions and Answers: RD1212-BT Advanced Radiation Detector, Geiger Counter with Bluetooth | Abilene, TX








































                      Search Groupon
                




                  
                  Zip Code, Neighborhood, City
                



Search































              Return to the deal
            
RADEX by Quarta-Rad, Inc. 
              
            
RD1212-BT Advanced Radiation Detector, Geiger Counter with Bluetooth
The Fine Print

Doesn't expire.
This item is sold through the Groupon Store RADEX by Quarta-Rad, Inc. , operated by Quarta-Rad, Inc..The merchant is solely responsible to purchasers for the fulfillment, delivery, care, quality, and pricing information of the advertised goods and services.This product is new.Product eligible for free returns within 14 days.Offer is not eligible for promo codes, but is eligible for Groupon Bucks.Shipping and handling charges for the order will be $5.95.U.S. shipments only.Orders are typically delivered in 5-10 business days.






    Questions and Answers

    
          0
            questions
    



              This discussion has closed. If you still have questions
              
               Contact Us
              










        Deal Q&A User Guidelines
      




              What kinds of questions should I ask here?
            


                If you can’t find your answer about the deal in the
                The Fine Print
                then the deal q&a is the perfect place to ask your question. Your question should address the featured deal or business
              

                If you have a general question about Groupon, please 
                
                  contact us here
                
                and an actual person will get back to you as quickly as the actual person can. If you’d prefer to receive an answer from a faith-healing planchette, please email 
                Ouijaboard@groupon.com
                .
              


              What shouldn't I post here?
            


                Comments that are profane, off-topic, or self-promoting in nature will not be published.
              

Can I share my opinion about the business on Deal Q&A?


                Since Deal Q&A is dedicated to answering questions about the deal terms, personal feedback won't be published in the forum. We encourage you to 
                
                  submit your feedback
                
                ,
                or by skywriting it above our offices.
              

            

              If you submit a general question about Groupon, we'll respond to you directly via email, rather than post an answer on the deal's discussion board.
            


            How will I know if my question receives an answer?
          


              As soon as we have an answer to your question, you'll receive an email notification directing you back to the discussion page.
            


            I received a notification that my question was successfully submitted, but my post isn't up there. Why do you toy with me?
          

Sorry for the confusion! You probably asked a question that was already submitted to us. When multiple customers ask the same question, we'll only post it once, but we'll still notify each customer when the relevant answer is posted.

What if I have a question and the deal q&a is closed?


              Like youth, deal q&a pages are fleeting. In order to convey their preciousness, we close them after a deal has ended. Luckily, we keep the portal to childhood open at 
              
                our contact page
              
              . Send us a message from there and we'll be more than happy to take care of you!
            

If Groupon is a cat and you’re cultivating the very curiosity that kills, aren’t you a dangerous hypocrite?

Yes.







  Grouber





            Go to mobile site
          


























Quarta-Rad, Inc. trusted by 426 Amazon customers in USA - Marketplace Pulse












































Read our latest article Why Amazon Won't Let Brands Talk to Customers











Quarta-Rad, Inc. 






96 reviews | 4.8 out of 5







Contact



















Quarta-Rad, Inc. is based in NJ, United States.
They sell products
priced $200.00 - $300.00 from RADEX by Quarta-Rad and Radex , and other brands.
They have several dozen products in stock fulfilled by Amazon, they are an FBA seller.


Based on reviews received last month they rank 90,542nd overall.
They were doing better before - they rank 73,195th based on the past year performance.
How we rank Amazon sellers?


Quarta-Rad, Inc. business name, phone number, address and email might be available by contacting Quarta-Rad, Inc.. For customer service, returns, refunds and other issues contact Amazon.com.













RADEX RD1503+ with Dosimeter: High accuracy geiger counter, radiation detector







RADEX ONE Personal RAD Safety, High Sensitivity Compact Personal Dosimeter, Geiger Counter,...







RADEX RD1503+ w/o dosimeter: High accuracy Geiger counter, radiation detector (English)







RADEX RD1212-BT Advanced Radiation Detector, Geiger Counter, Dosimeter w/ Bluetooth









RADEX RD1503+ with Dosimeter (Outdoor Version): High accuracy geiger counter, radiation detector







RADEX RD1706 Dual-Pro Professional dual-sensor Radiation Detector / Geiger Counter







RADEX by Quarta-Rad RD1008 High Accuracy Professional Radiation Detector/Geiger Counter







RADEX LUPIN Professional testing and calibration of monitors, Incandescent light bulbs and LED....





Browse All Products






Sellers like
Baring, Crimson Books Inc, Olivia's Doll Closet and Tails and Tales are similar.


For most recent reviews checkout their profile on Amazon.com.













Get the newsletter

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Quarta-Rad Inc. Information Request
















































Make EMS1 your homepage 


Open the tools menu in your browser. This may be called “Tools” or use an icon like the cog   or menu bars 
Select the option or tab named “Internet Options (Internet Explorer)”, “Options (Firefox)”, “Preferences (Safari)” or “Settings (Chrome)”.
Look for a box or option labeled “Home Page (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari)” or “On Startup (Chrome)”.
Enter “https://www.ems1.com” and click OK.


If you need further help setting your homepage, check your browser’s Help menu


















Culture of Safety Survey: Enter to Win a $250 AMEX Card









































Home


News






                            Exclusives
                        




                            Most Popular
                        




                            Line of Duty Deaths
                        




                            Editorial Board
                        




                            News Reports
                        




                            Newsletters
                        





                            Paramedic Chief Digital Edition Issues
                        




                            RSS Feeds
                        




                            News Feeds
                        




                            2017 EMS1 Editorial Calendar
                        




                            Copyright Information
                        




                            iPhone Apps
                        






Products






                            Buyer's Guide
                        




                            Product Deals
                        




                            EMS Products on Facebook
                        




                            Product Articles
                        




                            Press Releases
                        




                            Submit Press Release
                        




                            Company Spotlight Profiles
                        




                            EMS1 BrandFocus Archive
                        




                            EMS1 Webinar Archive
                        




AEDs


Airway Management


Ambulances


Apparel & Accessories


Bariatric Patient Transport


Billing and Administration
Billing Services


Body Armor


Child Safety Education


CO Screening


Communications
Mobile Data


Consulting, Management and Legal Services


CPR & Resuscitation




Data Management


Driving Simulation


Education
Online TrainingTesting


Fitness and Health


Flashlights


Furniture


Incident Management


Medical Equipment
Airway ManagementPatient Immobilization & Splints


Medical Equipment Services


Medical Monitoring


Mobile Data


Narcotics Safes




Patient Handling


Patient Immobilization & Splints


Personal Protective Equipment
Body ArmorRescue Gear and Tools


Radios


Rehabilitation


Rescue Gear and Tools


Software


Technology


Training Products
Online TrainingTesting


Vehicle Equipment
Cameras & Video Systems


Vehicles
Ambulances


WMD Response Supplies






Videos






                            EMS1 Originals
                        




                            ParamedicTV
                        





                            Video Training
                        




                            EMS Product Videos
                        






Topics



Air Medical Transport 
Airway Management
Ambulance shooting
Ambulances / Emergency Vehicles
Anaphylaxis
Capnography
Carbon Monoxide Screening
Cardiac Care
Certification
Communications / Dispatch 
Community Awareness
Community Paramedicine
Ebola
EMS Advocacy
EMS Assaults & Self Defense


EMS Education
EMS Grants
EMS Heroes
EMS Humor
EMS Management
EMS Training
EMT, EMS, Paramedic Jobs and Careers
Fatal Incidents
Fentanyl
Fire-EMS
Gear / Gadgets
Health and Wellness
Homeland Security
Infectious Diseases
International


Intubation
Labor & Union Issues
Legal Issues
Legislation & Funding
Mass Casualty Incidents
Medical / Clinical
Medical Monitoring
Mobile Health Care
Naloxone
NREMT
Opioids
Paramedic Chief
Patient Handling
Patient Safety
Pediatric Care


Pharmacology
Pulse Oximetry
Rescue
Research Reviews
Safety
Social Media for EMS
Stroke Care
Survivability
Tactical EMS / TEMS
Technology
Terrorism / WMD Response
Trauma
Vehicle Crashes
Volunteer/Rural EMS 
Weird EMS News





Columns



American Military University
Ann Marie Farina
Arthur Hsieh
Bob Sullivan
Bryan E. Bledsoe
Bryan Fass
Catherine R. Counts
Center for Patient Safety
Chris Cebollero
Dan Limmer
Daniel Sundahl
Dave Konig
David Givot
Dawn B. Altman
Dean Meenach
Dr. David K. Tan
EKG Club


EMS Physicians, Mercy Health System EMS
EMS1 & NEMSMA
Fitch & Associates
Greg Friese, Editor-in-Chief
Inside EMS
James J Augustine
Jeffrey O. Stull
Jessie Senini
Jim Morrissey
John Becknell
Kelly Grayson
Kenny Navarro
Kevin Grange
Kip Teitsort
Kris Kaull
Lenwood Brown III
Limmer Creative


Mark Dunlap
Matt Zavadsky
Michael Gerber
Michael Morse
Mike McEvoy
Mike McEvoy
Mike Rubin
Mike Taigman
Mike Touchstone
Mike Ward
NAEMSP
NAEMT
Nancy Magee 
Nathan Stanaway
Nicholas Miller
Page, Wolfberg & Wirth
Paramedic Chief Staff


Patrick Lickiss
Rachel Stemerman 
Rick Markley
Robert Avsec
Robert Donovan
Rom Duckworth
Sarah Calams, Associate Editor
Shawna Renga
Skip Kirkwood
Steve Whitehead
The Code Green Campaign
The Spoof
Tim Nowak
Tom Bouthillet
Uniform Stories Staff





Training






                            FireEMS Academy
                        




                            EMS1 Academy
                        




                            FireRescue1 Academy
                        




                            EMS Training Articles
                        




                            EMS Education Articles
                        




                            EMS Training Videos
                        




                            Education & Training Products
                        






Jobs






                            Job Listings
                        




                            Post a Job
                        





                            Search Jobs by State
                        




                            911 Job Forums
                        






Off-Duty






                            Family & Home
                        




                            Entertainment
                        




                            Financial Planning
                        





                            Veterans Resources
                        




                            Sports & Fitness
                        





























Information Request - 


















Be the first to hear about products, announcements, and special deals & promotions from Quarta-Rad Inc..









Sign in to pre-populate this form













Enter your info: 


* First Name: 



* Last Name: 



* E-mail Address: 



* Department: 



*Department Size: 


Not defined
1-10
11-50
51-100
101-250
251-500
501-1000
1001-2000
2001+




Rank/Position: 



* Zip Code:



* State: 


Choose a state
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFederated States of MicronesiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarshall IslandsMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonOtherPalauPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasU.S. Minor Outlying IslandsUtahVermontVirgin IslandsVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming
Other...




Country: 


Choose a country 
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegowina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Drc
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'ivoire
Croatia (local name: Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
England
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatamala
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic Of)
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, D.P.R.O.
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
SAR
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and South S.S.
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
USA
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wales
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro)
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Other...




* Phone: 



*I recommend or purchase products for my Department: 


Not defined
Yes
No
Not Sure




*Purchasing Timeframe: 


Not defined
Purchase immediately (ASAP)
Purchase soon (3-6 months)
Purchase later (6-9 months)
Research only at this time
Purchase within year (9-12 months)




What are you looking for? (Select any that apply)






Catalog
Pricing
Technical Specs
Dealer Info





Other:
Any specific information you are looking for?


What products are you interested in? (Select any that apply)


















Please enter the code in the picture above: 



 
*Required Field



By submitting your information, you agree to be contacted by the selected vendor(s).








Featured Products
 


 

 

























Copyright 2017 ENS1.com. All rights reserved.

















QUARTA-RAD, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





QUARTA-RAD, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
QUARTA-RAD, INC.


Company Address
1201 ORANGE ST.STE. 600WILMINGTON, DE 19801


Company Phone
949-859-7071


Company Website
www.quartarad.com


CEO
Victor Shvetsky


Employees  (as of 7/26/2016) 
2


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (5/19/2014)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.20


Shares Offered
1,500,000


Offer Amount
$300,000.00


Total Expenses
$44,200.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
16,500,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001549631




Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten, “best-efforts” basis with no
minimum number of shares we are required to sell in order for us to proceed with
the offering. The offering price per share is $0.20. The following table sets
forth the uses of proceeds assuming the sale of 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%,
respectively, of the shares we are offering for sale. The total estimated costs
of the offering are estimated to be $44,200. We will pay all costs relating to
this offering and this amount will accrue on our books and records until we are
able to pay the full amount whether from revenues or loans from related or
unrelated third parties or shareholders.
                                                                               
 Application of Proceeds     Amount       Amount        Amount        Amount    
Total Offering Proceeds     $ 75,000     $ 112,500     $ 150,000     $ 300,000  
                                                                                
Offering Expenses                                                               
Legal & Professional Fees     40,000        40,000        40,000        40,000  
Accounting Fees                3,500         3,500         3,500         3,500  
SEC Filing fee                    35            35            35            35  
FINRA filing fee                 100           100           100           100  
Miscellaneous                     65            65            65            65  
Blue-sky Fees                    500           500           500           500  
Total Offering Expenses     $ 44,200     $  44,200     $  44,200     $  44,200  
                                                                                
Use of Net Proceeds                                                             
Inventory                     15,000        33,000        50,000     $ 150,000  
Sales & Marketing             10,000        30,000        50,000       100,000  
Working Capital                5,800         5,300         5,800         5,800  
Total Use of Net Proceeds     30,800        68,300       105,800     $ 255,800  
                                                                                
Total Use of Proceeds       $ 75,000     $ 112,500     $ 150,000     $ 300,000  

Notes:

1) The category of Working Capital may include, but is not limited to, postage,
   telephone services, overnight delivery services and other general operating
   expenses. 

2) The category of Sales & Marketing includes online Internet marketing. 

3) The above figures represent only estimated costs. If necessary, Mr. Shvetsky,
   our chief executive officer and director, has verbally agreed to loan the
   Company funds to complete the registration process. Also, these loans would 
   be necessary if the proceeds from this offering will not be sufficient to
   implement our business plan and maintain reporting status and quotation on
   the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board when and if our common stocks become 
   eligible for trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. However, 
   Mr. Shvetsky has no obligation to loan such funds to us and that there is no
   guarantee that he will loan such funds to us. Mr. Shvetsky will not be paid
   any compensation or anything from the proceeds of this offering. There is no
   due date for the repayment of the funds advanced by Mr. Shvetsky. 
   Mr. Shvetsky will be repaid from revenues of operations if and when we 
   generate revenues to pay the obligation.


The detection device industry is highly competitive. We compete with a variety
of companies, many of which have greater financial and other resources than us,
or are subsidiaries or divisions of larger organizations. In particular, the
industry is characterized by a small number of large, dominant organizations
that perform this service, such as United Technologies Corporation, Radiation
Alert, Osun Technologies, Lutron, General Tools, Mazur Instruments, First Alert,
Inc./BRK Brands, Inc., which is wholly owned by Sunbeam Corporation, as well as
many companies that have greater financial and other resources than us.

The major competitive factors in our business are the timeliness and quality of
customer service, the quality of finished products and price. Our ability to
compete effectively in providing customer service and quality finished products
depends primarily on our manufacturers’ standards and the level of training of
our future staff, the utilization of computer software and equipment and the
ability to deliver the Products we sell. We believe we will compete effectively
in all of these areas. 

Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical,
managerial, marketing and other resources than we do and they may compete more
effectively than we can. If our competitors offer detection devices at lower
prices than we do, we may have to lower the prices we charge, which will
adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, many of our competitors
are able to obtain more experienced employees than we can.


Company Description
We commenced operations in May 2012, by selling products on consignment from a
company owned by our majority shareholder. In 2012, we purchased products from a
company owned by our minority shareholder and sold them to a company owned by
our majority shareholder and to third party resellers. We


 believe the terms of
those sales were arms-length. In 2012, we began use of the Internet as well as
the services of an independent sales representative to market the products to
homeowners and interested customers in North America and the majority of our
sales were from unrelated third parties. We market the products to homebuilders
and home renovation contractors. We have had limited operations and have limited
financial resources. In 2011, our operations were devoted primarily to start-up,
development and operational activities as well as related party and third party
sales, which included:

1. Formation of the Company;
                                                    
2. Development of our business plan;
                                            
3. Evaluating various detection devices;
                                        
4. Research on marketing channels/strategies for our detection devices and the  
   industry;
                                                                    
5. Secured our website domain www.quartarad.com and beginning the development of
   our initial online website; and
                                              
6. Research on future products to distribute.
                                   
7. Consignment sales on behalf of a related party.
                              
8. Sales to third party resellers.                                        

In May 2012, we commenced our business operations by selling products on
consignment from a related party company and developing our distribution
network. In June 2012, we began to utilize our website to market the products we
sell on consignment to our potential customers. We also began implementing our
business plan by promoting these products for sale on various websites. We also
engaged independent, third party distributors to sell the products. In 2013,
increased our Internet presence and increased our sales whereby the majority of
our sales were from unrelated third parties. From 2014 to the present, we have
continued to sell the products through the Internet to unrelated third parties.

We believe that our principal source of revenue will continue to come from
Internet sales and sales to resellers of the following products: 

Radiation Detection Equipment 

RADEX RD1503 – basic model of a hand-held radiation detector for the consumer
market. 

RADEX RD1706 – enhanced model of a hand-held radiation detector; additional
radiation counter provides for a more accurate results (confirmed by JQA – Japan
Quality Assurance organization), vibration alarm and several additional
functions improve on the RD1503 design specifications. 

RADEX RD1008 – high-end radiation detection device that provides readings for
Gamma- and Beta- radiation values separately. Equivalent devices from other
manufacturers cost 5-10 times more. 

RADEX RD1212 – new model of hand-held radiation detector for the consumer
market. It includes all the functionality of RD1503 model as well as ability to
store measured values in memory for later transfer to PC. This device comes with
newly developed software, RadexRead, developed by Quarta-Rad Inc. further
enhances RADEX family of Geiger counters by combining the power of PC and
Internet, allowing user to visualize and share their measurements with other
RADEX consumers. 

RADEX RD1212-BT – upgraded version of RD1212 with Bluetooth, now capable of
linking to smartphones or tablets to transfer data in real time. Also measures
atmospheric pressure and air temperature. Special Android/iOS application for
smartphones can be used alongside with this product. 

RADEX RD ONE – compact personal radiation detector, smaller and less expensive
than any of the other models. Besides the size, the device has additional
features such as: counts accumulative dose, can display measurements in CPMs and
links via USB cord to PC for data transfer and analysis. Other standard features
include audio/vibration alarm and adjustable alarm thresholds like on all other
models. New analytical software was created to chart and analyze received data. 

Radon Detection Equipment 

RADEX MR106N – Radon gas detector with digital read-out of the results (in
volume of air); readings calculated every 4 hours and saved in the onboard
memory log. 

RADEX MR153N (TBD) – simple Radon gas detector that provides visual/audio alarm
when a certain (or legal) threshold is reached. 

EMI Detection Equipment

RADEX EMI50 – hand-held device that provides real-time measuring of Electric
Field Strength (in kiloVolt/meter) and Electro Magnetic Field (in microTesla).

Light and brightness Detection Equipment 

RADEX Lupin – Light Meter, Pulse meter and Lucimeter. A hand-held device that
measure illumination, brightness and flicker ratio of LED screens, any type of
light bulbs or monitors at work or at home. RadexLight Software allows PC
connection and data transfer. Spectral sensitivity is identical to a human eye,
which separates this model from the competition. 

Although we have commenced our marketing sales campaign with our own resources
and are selling products through online retailers and through resellers, we
believe that we need additional capital to increase our sales and expand our
marketing program. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and
positive cash flow is dependent upon our ability to cost effectively purchase
and sell the products and market them through the Internet and through
distributors. We intend to rely on our Chairman and President’s relationships in
the industry to supply us with products and introduce us to resellers. We also
intend to market our website to the home renovation industry to solicit orders
for the sale of products. There can be no guarantee or assurance that our
Chairman or President and/or our website will enable us to purchase products on
attractive terms that will allow us to resale them to independent third party
distributors. 

No assurance can be given that the products we purchase will be sold to
resellers and, if sold to them, will return an investment or make a profit. To
achieve the goal of purchasing products on favorable terms, we plan to be
selective in our choice of suppliers and work with our shareholders’ companies
as well as other cost-effective suppliers.
---

We were incorporated in the State of Delaware as a for-profit company on
November 29, 2011, under the name Quatra-Rad, Inc. On February 29, 2012, we
amended our Certificate of Incorporation to change our name to Quarta-Rad, Inc.

Our principal business, executive and registered statutory office is located at
1201 N. Orange St., Suite 700, Wilmington, DE 19801-1186 and our telephone
number is (302) 887-9916 and email contact is info@quartarad.com. Our URL
address is www.quartarad.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$208,998


Net Income
-$8,497


Total Assets
$147,814






Total Liabilities
$62,757


Stockholders' Equity
$85,057




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 10 Total: 10
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
424B4
7/26/2016
Filing



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
S-1/A
6/14/2016
Filing



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
S-1/A
5/27/2016
Filing



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
S-1/A
5/11/2016
Filing



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
S-1/A
5/10/2016
Filing



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
S-1/A
4/15/2016
Filing



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
S-1/A
2/2/2016
Filing



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
S-1/A
2/11/2015
Filing



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
S-1/A
6/30/2014
Filing



QUARTA-RAD, INC.
S-1
5/19/2014
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Anton & Chia, LLP


Auditor
Hall & Company


Auditor
Hall & Company and Hartley Moore Accountancy Corporation


Auditor
Hartley Moore Accountancy Corporation


Company Counsel
Connette Law Offices


Transfer Agent
Globex Transfer LLC


Transfer Agent
Vcorp Stock Transfer


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6382.19


-40.56
 ▼ 
0.63%





DJIA

21796.55


85.54
 ▲ 
0.39%





S&P 500

2475.42


-2.41
 ▼ 
0.10%










Data as of Jul 27, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Merck profit tops estimates as Keytruda sales surge
                        



	                     7:12AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wall Street braces for end of Snap share lockup
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            DSP Group to Participate at the Canaccord Genuity Growth Conference
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            KVH Industries to Host Second Quarter Conference Call on August 2, 2017
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Quarta-Rad, Inc.            Search   Cart 0 Product Products   (empty)  No products  Free shipping!   Shipping  $0.00 Total   Check out    Product successfully added to your shopping cart   Quantity  Total   There are 0 items in your cart.   There is 1 item in your cart.   Total products     Total shipping    Free shipping!   Total      Continue shopping     Proceed to checkout  CategoriesHomeRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicatorRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicator    Shop now !   RADEX 1503+The geiger counter for everyoneSimple, Reliable and AffordableShop now !   NEW!Detect, Map and ShareYour radiation data withRadex RD1212-BTShop now !        Quick view   $379.00   SIRAD MR-106N  SIRAD MR 106(N) is the first Radon Gas Monitor, in Russian and CIS market, made specifically as a household appliance for measuring air radioactivity of living quarters.  $379.00   Add to cart   More   In stock          Quick view   $219.95   Sale!   RADEX RD1212  3 Review(s) RADEX RD1212 provides a non-professional consumer with a way to quickly and easily check radiation background of top soil, non-consumable products, and inside premises. Comes with a USB-to-PC cable and RadexRead Software. RadexRead allows you: • Store data on your PC • See each measurement location on the interactive onlinemap • Share your...  $219.95   Add to cart   More   In stock          Quick view   $564.98   RADEX RD1008  RADEX RD1008 - The first handheld radiation detector that detects and displays radiation results for Beta- and Gamma- as two separate values.   It was designed for detecting ionizing radiation and estimating the ambient dose-equivalent values, as well as the ambient equivalent dose-rate of photon (gamma- and roentgen-) ionizing radiation and the...  $564.98   Add to cart   More   In stock          Quick view   $159.95   RADEX RD1503+  4 Review(s) This model is the next version of Radex 1503 model upgraded in 2015. RADEX RD1503+ is designed for an ambient dose capacity rate equivalent estimate of gamma rays by non-professional consumer and professionals working with sources of ionizing radiation (non-consumable products, building materials, soil, etc.).  It also detects objects polluted with beta -...  $159.95   Add to cart   More   In stock          Quick view   $399.95   RADEX EMI 50  Detector RADEX EMI50 is designed to be used by general public for the purpose of detection and localization of Electro Magnetic danger zones in residential and public premises.  $399.95   Add to cart   More   In stock          Quick view   $115.95   $149.95   Sale!   RADEX ONE  RADEX ONE provides a non-professional consumer with fast and precise measurements that can be used for localisation of high-level radioactive sources. Radex ONE features: • Detect Gamma, Beta and X-ray radiation • Compact and light body • Radiation Search mode • Measure cumulative dose • Store data on PC • Share measurements with other users  $115.95   $149.95   Add to cart   More   In stock          Quick view   $299.95   RADEX RD1706  1 Review(s) RADEX RD1706 Geiger Counter is a major step up from the basic 1503 model.  Along with all options and sturdiness of RD1503 it is capable of additional functions:X-ray particle detectionshort sampling intervalsound and vibration alarm±15% accuracy999.0 µSv/h upper threshold  $299.95   Add to cart   More   In stock          Quick view   $259.95   RADEX RD1212-BT  RADEX RD1212-BT is the next-generation Geiger counter based on Quarta-Rad's top-seller RD1212 series and combines it with cellular technology through the use of Bluetooth 4.0 High-accuracy Geiger sensor SBM-20-1 for Beta, Gamma and X-ray radiation. Bluetooth link with smartphone Temperature and Air Pressure meter Google Play application for mapping and...  $259.95   Add to cart   More   In stock                  
 


Quarta-Rad, Inc - Buyer | Russia | Import Genius


































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Quarta-Rad, Inc

Quarta-Rad, Inc is a buyer that buys products from Ооо  Кварта-Рад 





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Quarta-Rad, Inc and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 F.REYHER NCHFG.GMBH                             

 ООО ""ТД ВОСТОКСПЕЦХИМ""                            

 OSRODEK BADAN ATESTACJI I CERTYFIKACJI OBAC SP. Z. O.O                            

 CESAR IVAN MARTINEZ GONZALEZ                            

 ДЕРЕВООБРАБАТЫВАЮЩАЯ ФАБРИКА ""ФАНЬ ЮАНЬ""                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Quarta-Rad, Inc
Quarta-Rad, Inc is a buyer that buys products from Ооо  Кварта-Рад


            Bill of Lading        





Overseas Consignee Name
Russian Shipper Name



Quarta-Rad, Inc


Ооо  Кварта-Рад



Producer Name
Russian Payee Name










Detailed Cargo Description





                                        ИНДИКATОРЫ РAДИОAКTИВНОСTИ RADEX RD1212 RADEX RD1503+ RADEX RD1706 ПРИБОРЫ НЕ ГЕРМЕTИЧНЫ В ИНДИКATОРAХ УСTAНОВЛЕНЫ ГAЗОРAЗРЯДНЫЕ СЧЕTЧИКИ ИОНИЗИРУЮЩЕГО ИЗЛУЧЕНИЯ СБМ20-1 /НЕ ДВОЙНОГО НЕ ВОЕННОГО НAЗН                                    

                                        ИНДИКATОРЫ РAДИОAКTИВНОСTИ RADEX RD1212 RADEX RD1503+ RADEX RD1706 ПРИБОРЫ НЕ ГЕРМЕTИЧНЫ В ИНДИКATОРAХ УСTAНОВЛЕНЫ ГAЗОРAЗРЯДНЫЕ СЧЕTЧИКИ ИОНИЗИРУЮЩЕГО ИЗЛУЧЕНИЯ СБМ20-1 /НЕ ДВОЙНОГО НЕ ВОЕННОГО НAЗНAЧЕНИЯ/                                    

View more








Cargo Delivery PointFAIR LAWNCargo Release Date2017-04-21Gross Weight Kilos46.30IncotermsCPTNet Weight Kilos43.10Price of Cargo23200.00Trading Country CodeUnited States 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Quarta-Rad, Inc Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Quarta-Rad, Inc clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Quarta-Rad, Inc










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Quarta-Rad, Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 10,352,310 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    ООО""ВОРОНЕЖВТОРЦВЕТМЕТ""                                



                                    ООО""НОРД ХАУС""                                



                                    Uab ""litorale"" On Behalf Of Glatfelter Dresden Gmbh                                



                                    Gurit (tianjin) Composite Material Co.,ltd                                



                                    Uab Koenig Jeans                                











                     
                                            10,352,310  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2440
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















Product Instructions - Quarta-Rad, Inc.            Search   Cart 0 Product Products   (empty)  No products  Free shipping!   Shipping  $0.00 Total   Check out    Product successfully added to your shopping cart   Quantity  Total   There are 0 items in your cart.   There is 1 item in your cart.   Total products     Total shipping    Free shipping!   Total      Continue shopping     Proceed to checkout  CategoriesHomeRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicatorRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicator   > Product InstructionsPRODUCT INSTRUCTIONSHere you can download manuals for all our productsRadex RD1212Radex RD1503+Radex RD1706Radex RD1008Sirad MR106nEMI 50English quickEnglish quickEnglish quickEnglish quickEnglish quickEnglish fullFrench  quickFrench  quickFrench  quickGerman quickGerman quickGerman quick  
 Contact us - Quarta-Rad, Inc.            Search   Cart 0 Product Products   (empty)  No products  Free shipping!   Shipping  $0.00 Total   Check out    Product successfully added to your shopping cart   Quantity  Total   There are 0 items in your cart.   There is 1 item in your cart.   Total products     Total shipping    Free shipping!   Total      Continue shopping     Proceed to checkout  CategoriesHomeRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicatorRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicator   > Contact Customer service - Contact ussend a message Subject Heading -- Choose --Customer serviceWebmaster   For any question about a product, an order If a technical problem occurs on this website Email address  Order reference  Attach File   Message Send 
 Order - Quarta-Rad, Inc.             Search   Cart 0 Product Products   (empty)  No products  Free shipping!   Shipping  $0.00 Total   Check out    Product successfully added to your shopping cart   Quantity  Total   There are 0 items in your cart.   There is 1 item in your cart.   Total products     Total shipping    Free shipping!   Total      Continue shopping     Proceed to checkout  CategoriesHomeRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicatorRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicator   > Your shopping cartYour shopping cartYour shopping cart is empty. 
   RADEX RD1503+ - Quarta-Rad, Inc.            Search   Cart 0 Product Products   (empty)  No products  Free shipping!   Shipping  $0.00 Total   Check out    Product successfully added to your shopping cart   Quantity  Total   There are 0 items in your cart.   There is 1 item in your cart.   Total products     Total shipping    Free shipping!   Total      Continue shopping     Proceed to checkout  CategoriesHomeRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicatorRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicator   > Radiation detector>RADEX RD1503+   View larger    Previous                   Next     Display all pictures  RADEX RD1503+ Reference   Condition:  NewThis model is the next version of Radex 1503 model upgraded in 2015.RADEX RD1503+ is designed for an ambient dose capacity rate equivalent estimate of gamma rays by non-professional consumer and professionals working with sources of ionizing radiation (non-consumable products, building materials, soil, etc.). It also detects objects polluted with beta - fissile radionuclides.  More details  Warning: Last items in stock! Availability date:    Tweet    Share    Google+    Pinterest  Rating   Read reviews (4)   Write a review   Send to a friend  Send to a friend  RADEX RD1503+This model is the next version of Radex 1503 model upgraded in 2015.RADEX RD1503+ is designed for an ambient dose capacity rate equivalent estimate of gamma rays by non-professional consumer and professionals working with sources of ionizing radiation (non-consumable products, building materials, soil, etc.). It also detects objects polluted with beta - fissile radionuclides. Recipient :  Name of your friend * :    E-mail address of your friend * :   * Required fields  Send   or   Cancel   Print      $159.95      Quantity         The minimum purchase order quantity for the product is 1  Add to cart   Add to wishlist   Data sheetOverallThe Geiger counter for everyone: Simple, Reliable and AffordableRange of indications (μSv/h)from 0.05 to 9.99Scale range of Gamma-radiation energy (MeV)from 0.1 to 1.25Scale range of X-ray radiation energy (MeV)from 0.03 to 3.0Scale range of Beta-radiation energy (MeV)from 0.25 to 3.5Error - of dose rate , not more, where P is the dose rate in µSv/h (%)±(15+6/Р)Audio Alarm threshold levels - dose rate (µSv/h)0.10 to 0.90Measurement Cycle (seconds)40±0.5*MeasurementscontinuousHeight x Width x Depth (mm)105 x 60 x 26Weight (g)90Batteries («AAA») (pcs)1 or 2Time of continuous operation, not less than (hours)550 **  More infoSummary and Working SpecificationsTwo units of measure (µSv/h and µRem/h);Vibration alarm;Graduated audio alarm thresholds;Calculation of the dose of background photon capacity using procedure described in the Russian government`s Methodical Instruction «MU2.6.1.715-98»;Display of the difference between averaged dose and photon background capacities;Additional Features of RADEX RD1503+:Graduated change of a threshold signal in the range from 0.10 to 0.90 µSv/h with an 0.10 µSv/h interval (available in individual settings);Evaluation of the radiation background dose rate (outside buildings) conforms with the Russian government`s instructions specified in «MU2.6.1.715-98» (Conducting a radiation-hygienic inspection of inhabited and public buildings. Methodical Instructions);Value of the background dose rate is saved even when the device is turned off;Display of the difference of the dose rate between the averaged and background values;Vibration signal is added as well as the audio alarm;Adjustment a of a vibration signal (on /off) is possible;Animation of the pressed command button (the icon of the button starts blinking on the display);Additional NotesRADEX RD1503+ is designed for an ambient dose capacity rate equivalent estimate of gamma rays by the average non-professional consumer at home (non-consumable products, building materials, soil, etc.). It can also be used by professionals working with sources of ionizing radiation.The device also detects objects polluted with beta - fissile radionuclides.The instrument sums the amount of gamma and beta particles by means of a Geiger Counter within 40 seconds and displays results on the LCD screen in µSv/h or µRem/h. The registration of each alternate corpuscle of radiation is accompanied by an audible beep -- allowing implementation of a "Search" mode."BACKGROUND" mode is displayed on the screen with two values: background dose and radiation detected in excess of background, simultaneously. This mode allows to easily check contamination inside buildings, when it is necessary to know the difference between indoor and outdoor readings and to define correctly an outdoor dose capacity.The quality of indication of any dosimeter depends primarily on the built-in detector of ionizing radiation. RADEX RD1503+ contains a low-voltage SBM20-1 type Geiger-Muller counter of beta- and gamma-radiation. This same counter is often used in the professional dosimetric equipment.In the time period since the introduction of the original RADEX RD1503, consumers have asked for additional functions. We have listened and incorporated many new functions into RD1503+:"BACKGROUND" mode for building inspections;A step change of a threshold of a signal system with a discretization, greater than 30 - 60 - 120 µRem/h;Vibration function in addition to the audible alarm;A faster response time to command buttons.The new "BACKGROUND" mode, the first such implementation into a non-professional device, allows for simpler and faster inspections of premises (when it is necessary to know the difference between the indoors and outdoors background radiation values). This mode allows user to determine precisely the average dose of a background photon capacity. The process is described in the Russian government`s Methodical Instruction on «Conduction of radiation-sanitary inspection of inhabited and public buildings».RADEX RD1503+ retains all the option from the base model (RD1503) that have received approval from our users (i.e., rugged body with large LCD display, simple three buttons control, a great number of individual settings for units of measure, threshold values, battery discharge indicator, and display illumination).You can find Instruction manual for  RD1503+ here.   Reviews Grade  A household with lots of broken toys 02/26/2015 Easy to useBought this for my son's science class and two months later it is still working, which is an accomplishment in my book. We go through electronics faster than newborn goes through diapers! Maybe because it is made in Russia or maybe because it is designed to survive a 13 year old trryin to take it apart, I really do not care. I am though impressed. My hat's off to all of you folks at Quatrarad! Grade  Octo72 02/26/2015 Received in 3 daysEasy to use Geiger. Fast delivery. Good value for the money. Grade  Immaculate57 02/23/2015 Simple geiger counter that worksI see I get to write a first review. I bought it because it is simple. Works as advertised and Dmitry has been very helpful! Will recommend to my friends! Grade  Can't wait another day 02/22/2015 Cheap / Arrived on timeOrdered it on Monday. Got it on Wednesday. In Omaha, NE. How did they do it?   Geiger is great, but giave 5-stars for super fast delivery.  Write your review!  Write a review  RADEX RD1503+This model is the next version of Radex 1503 model upgraded in 2015.RADEX RD1503+ is designed for an ambient dose capacity rate equivalent estimate of gamma rays by non-professional consumer and professionals working with sources of ionizing radiation (non-consumable products, building materials, soil, etc.). It also detects objects polluted with beta - fissile radionuclides. Quality:       Title: *    Comment: *  Your name: *   * Required fields  Submit   or   Cancel   
 FAQ - Quarta-Rad, Inc.            Search   Cart 0 Product Products   (empty)  No products  Free shipping!   Shipping  $0.00 Total   Check out    Product successfully added to your shopping cart   Quantity  Total   There are 0 items in your cart.   There is 1 item in your cart.   Total products     Total shipping    Free shipping!   Total      Continue shopping     Proceed to checkout  CategoriesHomeRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicatorRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicator   > FAQFrequently Asked QuestionsQ: Shipping. How long does it take?A: Short answer: usually within 3-5 business days within the continental United States.The more thorough answer: generally, all products are shipped within 2 business days. All exceptions are either specifically stated in product details (please check your order/invoice email) or are communicated to to the customer prior to shipment. We constantly try to find a balance between Shipping Costs and Speed/Reliability of Delivery. For shipments within continental US, we often use UPS Ground or USPS Priority delivery options. All shipments from outside USA use a priority dispatch service (depending on point of origin) with Tracking Number. We are just as interested in getting your order to you, as you are eager to receive it. Q: What is the country of origin for RADEX devices? A: All RADEX devices are manufactured in Russia by Quarta-Rad Ltd., a design and manufacturing firm based in Moscow, Russia. For more details, please see the manufacturer's site http://www.quarta-rad.ruQ: What is your affiliation with Quarta-Rad Ltd.? A: We are an approved distributor of Quarta-Rad (RADEX, SINMOR) products in Europe, Asia and North America.Q: What Product Warranty is provided for RADEX/SIRAD devices? A: All RADEX devices come with Manufacturer`s Warranty (6 months or 1 year depending on product, see your invoice for more details). However, please be aware that the fulfillment of this warranty is the responsibility of the seller. As a valid distributor of RADEX devices, we are responsible for repair/replacement. If your device is malfunctioning or is broken, please contact us with Purchase Order Number, device Serial Number and a brief description of the problem. (additional FAQ - "Warranty Support flow" provided below) Note: Damage to device due to fall, dropping of device, tampering of device, immersion in liquids, and damage to LCD screen are not covered by the warranty.Q: Warranty Coverage, Exchange, ReturnsA: If your device is damaged during order fulfillment or breaks while the Manufacturer's Warranty period is in effect -- we will repair or replace it with the same model free of charge.Q: Can I return a device if I am not happy with it? A: All sales are final. Returns due to a valid defect will be exchanged in accordance to the Manufacturer's Warranty. We do not have a "No Risk - Return" policy.Q: Warranty Support flow - How to Start the processA:Step-1: Send us an email: quarta-usa@quartarad.com include the following:Model NumberOrder Number/Date of PurchaseDescription of the ProblemStep-2: We will review the information you sent and provide you with a Support Center shipping address and a valid Return Authorization Number (RMA#). Please be aware that: a. Packages without the RMA# will NOT be accepted. b. Shipping costs to the Support Center are to be paid for by the customer.Step-3: Upon receipt we will confirm the problem and attempt to repair the device or locate a replacement. Your repaired item (or a new item) will be shipped to you at no cost. Please allow 3-5 weeks for this process (we will strive to complete it as soon as practical).Q: Exceptions to Return ProcessA: We evaluate all exceptions to the normal return process on a case-by-case basis. Please be aware that if an exception is granted, you will be charged a Restocking Fee (usually a minimum of 25-40% of the Item`s Original Price, depending on product).Q: Additional QuestionsA: If you do not see an answer to your question above, feel free to write to us with your specific question. Our office number is (201) 877-2002  
 Login - Quarta-Rad, Inc.            Search   Cart 0 Product Products   (empty)  No products  Free shipping!   Shipping  $0.00 Total   Check out    Product successfully added to your shopping cart   Quantity  Total   There are 0 items in your cart.   There is 1 item in your cart.   Total products     Total shipping    Free shipping!   Total      Continue shopping     Proceed to checkout  CategoriesHomeRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicatorRadiation detectorRadon monitorElectromagnetic indicator   > AuthenticationAuthenticationCreate an accountPlease enter your email address to create an account. Email address      Create an account   Already registered? Email address  Password Forgot your password?     Sign in   
 




Radon Monitor Archives - QuartaRad















 


































 



















My Account
Contact Us
 


 
                          Your Cart 
                          -
$0.00 







 
 
 
 





  
 



 
 
 












Radon Monitor

	Showing the single result










Home » Shop » Radon Monitor 




 












SIRAD MR-106N 

SIRAD MR 106(N) is the first Radon Gas Monitor, in Russian and CIS market, made specifically as a household appliance for measuring air radioactivity of living quarters.


not rated
$379.00
Read more 






  
 

New RD1212-BT Shop Now 

 

  Testimonials 








                                                   
                                 Very compact. Easy to use. Bluetooth will only work on Android phones I’m not sure about any other ones. Check with the manufacturer. A…
                


Tom D

 
 
 






                                                   
                                 I just received mine, and am very impressed. I was a nuclear engineer for 20 years, so immediately placed it in a plastic lunch…
                


Scott A

 
 
 






                                                   
                                 For an engineer working in the field, the standards for radiation detector are more demanding than those of “an amateur scientist” and this Geiger…
                


Alexander M

 
 
 






                                                   
                                 Bought this piece of equipment to help us measure the true radiation fall out in Tokyo where we reside. Can’t truly trust the government’s…
                


Florencio K

 
 
 






                                                                       
                                 Just a quick note to let you know that we really enjoy the Radex unit we have purchased from you.
It truly is a very…
                


Andy S

 
 
 






 

















































