    Mitch Weld | Quatris Health | ZoomInfo.com




Quatris Health Holdings, LLC - Other- Baichtal  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Quatris Health Holdings, LLC

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Seaport Capital, Llc 40 Fulton Street, 27th Floor 
    New York, NY, 10038Phone: (212) 847-8900 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-04


New


$24,192,000


$24,192,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Peter Baichtal 
 Director 


 Peter Bauerlein 
 Director 


 Tom Behringer 
 Director 


 Jim Collis 
 Director 


 Scott Mc Cormack 
 Director, Executive 


 Mark Spates 
 Director 


 Bob Tamashunas 
 Director, Executive 





















 




Quatris Health Holdings, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Quatris Health Holdings, LLC
List of persons related to the company Quatris Health Holdings, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Quatris Health Holdings, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001685899IRS Number: 813648678Company address: C/O SEAPORT CAPITAL, LLC 40 FULTON STREE  NEW YORK 10038Phone number: (212) 847-8900



People related to Quatris Health Holdings, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryTamashunas  BobSEAPORT CAPITAL, LLC 40 Fulton Street, 27th FloorNEW YORKNYCollis  Jim2350 Airport Freeway Suite 300 BedfordTXSpates  Mark2350 Airport Freeway Suite 300 BedfordTXBaichtal  Peter2350 Airport Freeway Suite 300 BedfordTXBauerlein  Peter2350 Airport Freeway Suite 300 BedfordTXMcCormack  ScottSEAPORT CAPITAL, LLC 40 Fulton Street, 27th FloorNEW YORKNYBehringer  TomSEAPORT CAPITAL, LLC 40 Fulton Street, 27th FloorNEW YORKNY




Quatris Health Holdings, LLC on the Web












 








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















About Our Company | Quatris Health







































































 


















Message Center
Customer Login
Help


Support: 817.282.0300 7am - 8pm EST








	About Our Company | Quatris Health
Quatris Health provides software and database solutions for medical practices, as well as the training and support needed to maximize the benefit from your technology investment. The company was formed in 2013 as the result of a merger between two regional resellers of GE’s Centricity™ Practice Solution, Final Support and Alliance Healthcare Solutions. Upon its creation, Quatris Health became the largest value-added reseller of Centricity™.
One of the primary advantages of purchasing Centricity™ through Quatris Health is our unique system of implementation. With our staged implementation process, you determine the timetable according to your schedule and patient load, making it possible to upgrade your practice without sacrificing time spent seeing patients.
Beyond implementation, Quatris Health remains your partner in practice, guiding you and your employees as you learn to use the software, and providing support whenever you experience a problem. Our customer support staff is ready to answer any question, big or small, with knowledgeable and friendly advice. If we can’t resolve your problem in-house, our close relationship with GE gives us access to even greater resources. Finally, Quatris Health provides an easy way to manage your digital data through our cloud services.
For more information about how Quatris can take your practice to the next level, contact our team.
























 






The healthcare industry is always in motion - Quatris Health







































































 


















Message Center
Customer Login
Help


Support: 817.282.0300 7am - 8pm EST




Quatris Health




simplicity, with Centricity™.
Visualize progress, receive updates, focus on quality.
learn more »




digital access anywhere.
Access your data whenever you need it, wherever you need it.
learn more »




service. quality. support.
Always available, giving you the support you deserve.
learn more »








The healthcare industry is always in motion
Whether shifts in policy are driven by new research, new medications or new legislation, you need an effective system for adapting to change if your practice is to remain successful.
Quatris Health provides software and database solutions to build a more agile practice, as well as the training and support you need to get the maximum benefits from your technology investment.
about quatris »
 


The Centricity Healthcare Users Group (CHUG) is designed to help you better understand your products, enabling you to deliver results and drive outcomes that matter.
Fall CHUG
October 26-28, 2017
New Orleans, Louisiana
Visit the CHUG website




















Newsfeed

Quatris Health Announces Acquisition of HealthSystems
Quatris Receives Strategic Investment from Seaport Capital
GE Channel Partner Restructures to Improve Customer Service
View Newsfeed »





Case Studies


Southern Missouri Community Health Center




Spine Team Texas




Central Texas Allergy & Asthma Center


View Case Studies




upcoming
Training Sessions

FREE: Quality Quickies: Quality Measure Review
FREE: CPS 12.3 Hardware and Technical Requirements
FREE: ePay: Credit Card Processing
Ideal Image (Quatris add-on)
FREE: I didn’t know it could do that! The Magic of Quick Text





Recent
Newsletter

Spring 2017 Newsletter






White Papers
            Download Quatris white papers here.
            
































 



ConnectWise Customer Portal








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Contact Information







































































 


















Message Center
Customer Login
Help


Support: 817.282.0300 7am - 8pm EST








	Contact Us


Are you a Quatris supported practice seeking help? Click Here
At Quatris Health, our goal is to provide superb customer service at every turn. If you’re a current customer and need assistance, please email support@quatris.com or call our support line at 817.282.0300.
If you’re interested in hearing more about the products and services offered by Quatris Health, please fill out the form below, and someone will be in touch with you as soon as possible.











NAME*



PRACTICE NAME



EMAIL*



PHONE



COMMENTS


*required fields




OFFICE LOCATIONS
Corporate Headquarters
2350 Airport Freeway, Suite 300
Bedford, Texas 76022
Western Region Operations Center
P.O. Box 19358
Sacramento, California 95819
Midwest Region Operations Center
203 West Wayne Street, Suite 408
Fort Wayne, Indiana 46802
Hawaii Operations Center
593 Kawailoa Road
Kailua, Hawaii 96734
Atlanta Operations Center
780 Johnson Ferry Road, Suite 410
Atlanta, Georgia 30342

























 






Live, Personal Customer Support - Quatris Health





































































 


















Message Center
Customer Login
Help


Support: 817.282.0300 7am - 8pm EST






	Live, Personal Customer Support
When you call Quatris Health, you will be connected to a live representative who is ready to assist you. Our consultants are highly trained in all aspects of GE’s Centricity Practice Solution™, including how the software integrates with other programs and devices. Thanks to screen-sharing technology, your consultant will be able to see exactly what you’re seeing, saving you valuable time and frustration. If we aren’t able to resolve your problem in a single call, we will be sure to follow up until a solution is reached.
Beyond troubleshooting immediate problems, our experienced account specialists can help your practice develop a long-term technology strategy. Whatever your goals for the future may be, Quatris is here to recommend and provide EMR, practice management and cloud solutions that grow along with your practice.
Support Resources
We also have a library of support resources available to assist you if you would rather review at your own pace. As a Quatris Health customer, you get documentation resources of both GE Healthcare and Quatris available to you at any time online. These areas contain a wealth of information from computer based training tutorials, recorded webinars, job aids, user guides, and reference manuals. Both the GE Service Portal and the Quatris Podio Site are password protected and require approval to access.
 If you don’t yet have access, contact support@quatris.com today to start exploring!
At Quatris, there’s no such thing as too big or too small — we’re here to serve practices and concerns of all sizes.

























 














Health Products Holdings has acquired the True Health, Health Resources and Vitamin Research Products brands - Nature's Products




















































































                        Toll Free 800.752.7873
                    






Home
About Us

Our Company
Our Brands


Contract Manufacturing
Careers

Job Opportunities
Why NPI?
Benefits Overview


News
Social Responsibility
Contact Us
 



 

Categories

Community (1)

Press Releases (7)

Uncategorized (1)


Archives

September 2015
August 2015
October 2014
June 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
July 2013






Health Products Holdings has acquired the True Health, Health Resources and Vitamin Research Products brands



 








Sunrise, FL ( August 31st, 2015) –  Health Products Holdings, LLC (“HPH”) has acquired from Vitamin Research Products, LLC all of its brands and related assets, including the well-known direct-to-consumer brands Vitamin Research Products (“VRP”), True Health (“TH”), and Health Resources (“HR”).   
All three brands complement HPH’s existing direct-to-consumer portfolio of brands, which included Iceland Health®, Blessed Herbs®, and Nutri-Health Supplements®. 
“VRP brings market-leading products and significant talent that will partner well with our current brands, and provide customers exciting new choices to meet their specific health needs, now and in the future,” said Tom Callahan, President of the direct-to-consumer business for HPH. 
“The entire VRP marketing team is thrilled to be joining forces with HPH. We look forward to multiple opportunities to grow our brands and build our leadership position in the direct-to-consumer nutritional supplement industry,” said Kelly Cleary, formerly with VRP and now VP of Direct-to-Consumer Marketing for the combined business. 
Added Mike Burroughs, now VP of IS and Digital Marketing, “I believe VRP will benefit greatly from the additional financial and operational resources HPH will provide. We are very excited about the growth potential of our new, combined business.” 
HPH’s direct-to-consumer team now combines some of the very best national talent in the industry across the catalog and digital marketing space with over a century of cumulative experience in direct-to-consumer marketing, hundreds of thousands of active customers, and over 400 unique supplement formulations to serve them. 
This is the second acquisition in the past 10 months for Health Products Holdings as it continues to aggressively strengthen capabilities and expand its branded product portfolio across different areas of the nutritional supplements market, covering a broad portfolio of products across all channels.
About Health Product Holdings, LLC 
Health Products Holdings, LLC, previously known as Nature’s Products, Inc., was founded in 1986 as a full service, GMP certified, contract manufacturer of consumer healthcare products in Sunrise, Florida. In addition to contract manufacturing, HPH now owns, produces, and markets its own portfolio of brands including Rainbow Light®, Champion Nutrition®, Iceland Health®, Nutri-Health Supplements®, Sedona Labs®, Sedona Pro®, Blessed Herbs® and VitalStyle®. HPH currently employs over 400 employees and offers a wide range of formulations, dosage forms, and manufacturing and packaging capabilities. Also, HPH has several affiliated businesses globally that expand the breadth of its capabilities and dosage forms beyond the nutritional supplement area. More information about Health Product Holdings can be found at www.hph-llc.com. 
About Vitamin Research Products 
Since Vitamin Research Products® opened their doors in 1979, their mission has been to deliver the finest nutritional supplements and empower their customers to take charge of their own health. Every supplement offered by Vitamin Research Products® (VRP) is developed and vetted by a staff of physicians, PhDs, nutritionists and individuals with decades of experience in product formulation. To ensure the best quality, all products are made with a careful selection of raw materials and comply with Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMPs). Vitamin Research Products® merged with Health Resources and True Health in 2010. For more information on the brands of Vitamin Research Products, please visit their websites at www.vrp.com, www.truehealth.com, and www.healthresources.net.   










© 2017 Nature's Products, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy PolicySite MapAffiliatesTerms of Use





 










Help - Quatris Health





































































 


















Message Center
Customer Login
Help


Support: 817.282.0300 7am - 8pm EST









 

























 



	Quatris Receives Strategic Investment from Seaport Capital - News | ABL Advisor










































                         
                    





FREE MEMBERSHIP Includes 
                                                »
                                        ABL Advisor
                                        eNews + iData Blasts | 
                                            JOIN NOW 





LOGIN






About |
FAQ 
                                            | Contact






                         
                    










                            Serving Asset-Based Lending Decision Makers
                        






















Articles
News 
Blogs
Press Releases












































Home
Sector/Economic Data
Deal Tables 
Directory
Events Calendar
Advertise
Subscribe























































Home / News / Read News

















                    Tweet














Email
                    



 Print 








                Recipient's Email Address(es)
            




                (Separate multiple addresses with a comma)
            



                Your Email Address
            




Send a copy to myself 




                Your Message (optional)
            




Hi, I thought you would be interested in this article from ABL Advisor.










Quatris Receives Strategic Investment from Seaport Capital



September 02, 2016, 07:15 AM

                    Filed Under: Technology













Quatris, LLC , a provider of specialized healthcare software and database solutions, as well as hosting, software maintenance and support services for small and medium sized physician practices, announced today that it has secured a strategic investment from Seaport Capital ("Seaport"), a middle-market private equity firm. The existing management team invested in the transaction alongside Seaport and will continue to lead the company going forward. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed."Quatris is pursuing a number of growth initiatives," said Quatris CEO Mark Spates. "Seaport will help the current management team by providing capital and strategic assistance to execute on this vision. Seaport recognizes the importance of Quatris' support and hosting services for its customers, as well as the value of our employees. We look forward to implementing our plans and continuing to build a great company."Seaport Capital Partner Bob Tamashunas agreed, saying, "We are impressed with the Quatris management team and service organization. The company has multiple avenues to grow as the healthcare landscape continues to evolve in coming years. We look forward to partnering with the team to assist them in achieving their strategic goals and growing the company while continuing to exceed clients' service expectations."Quatris Health provides software and database solutions for medical practices, as well as the training and support needed to maximize the benefit of a physician practice's technology investment. The company was formed in 2013 as the result of a merger between Final Support and Alliance Healthcare Solutions. Both Final Support and Alliance Healthcare had individually been in the healthcare space for more than ten years prior to the merger. Upon its creation, Quatris Health became the largest independent seller of GE Healthcare's Centricity Practice Solution to small and medium sized physician practices.Quatris Health is a partner for physician practices, providing clinicians, administrators and office staff software support and services. The company also provides hosting services, enabling physician practices to manage their data though the company's cloud services. For additional information, visit www.quatris.com.Founded in 1997, Seaport Capital provides capital to middle- market companies in the communications, media, and business services sectors. Seaport works with talented management teams to create valuable companies that are leaders in their market segments. Seaport's extensive investing experience enables it to develop successful strategies; its relationships and resources help achieve them. The firm seeks to invest $10 to $25 million of equity capital in private companies with enterprise values of between $20 and $100 million.



Today's Other News






                            People’s United Bank Hires New SVP, Business Originations 
                        










Most Popular






1
 K1 Sells Chiropractic Software Industry Leader ChiroTouch


                    July 18, 2017, 07:17 AM
                
Filed Under:  Healthcare










2
 Foreign Investors Increasingly Competing for U.S. Middle-Market M&A Deals 


                    July 19, 2017, 08:00 AM
                
Filed Under:  Mergers & Acquisitions










3
 PNC to Expand Middle Market Banking Business to Three New Cities 


                    July 14, 2017, 08:00 AM
                
Filed Under:  Corporate Earnings










4
 William Blair Expands Biopharmaceuticals Investment Banking Coverage


                    July 21, 2017, 07:22 AM
                
Filed Under:  Personnel Announcements










5
 Lenders Seek Clarity on Conflicting Rules on CLOs, BDCs


                    July 21, 2017, 08:18 AM
                
Filed Under:  Industry News









View All Most Popular News Stories ››





Week's News







                            People’s United Bank Hires New SVP, Business Originations 
                        







                            Middle Market Left Largely Unscathed by Retail "Apocalypse"
                        







                            Tiger Group Appoints Managing Director to Commercial & Industrial Division
                        







                            Franklin Capital Names Former Bibby Financial Services MD to Senior Management Team 
                        







                            J.P. Morgan’s Commercial Bank Expands Life Sciences Team
                        







                            NXT Capital Supports River Associates Investments’ & Management’s Acquisition of Premier Parking   
                        







                            Private Equity Giant KKR to Aquire WebMD
                        







                            Trump Effect Falls Short on Middle-Market PE Capital Raising, Survey Finds  
                        







                            Monticello Names Veteran Healthcare Banker to Business Team 
                        







                            Raymond James Appoints Specialty Finance Expert to Investment Banking Practice
                        







Comments From Our Members





    You must be an ABL Advisor member to post comments.
    Login or Join Now.
    































Sector/Economic Data


U.S. Census Bureau – U.S. Department of Commerce



                    Advance Monthly Sales for Retail and Food Services – June 2017
                


U.S. Census Bureau – U.S. Department of Commerce



                    Manufacturing and Trade Inventories and Sales - May 2017
                


view all sector/economic data



Featured Articles


Specialty Finance: Examining Fintechs’ New Approach to Growth


                Monroe Capital’s Aaron Peck highlights how the growth model is...
            

                by Aaron Peck
            

Special Assets: No Longer the Last Stop


                Super G’s Charlie Perer, on why transferring assets rather than...
            

                by Charlie Perer
            


Most Popular | All Articles




















Industry Resources






















Commercial Finance Association



Turnaround ManagementAssociation 


International Factoring Association


Equipment Finance Advisor




















                                    Site Map
Home 
                                    News Articles
Blogs 
                                    Industry Directory 
                                        Industry Data Events
                                            Calendar Deal Tables



                                    ABL Advisor
                                
About The Advisor
FAQ 
                                    Contact Author
                                        Directory Extended Site
                                            Map Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Glossary of Terms



                                    Advisor Members
Manage Profile Advisor Professional Network
Subscribe FREE



                                    Industry Directory
Industry Directory
Get
                                    Your Company Listed Submit
                                        Company News



                                    Advertise
Advertising
                                    Platforms 
                                        Web Site Advertising 
                                            eBlast News Broadcast 
                                                iData Blast Advertising 
                                                    Advertising Specifications

















                                        Copyright © 2012-2017
                                        Equipment Finance Advisor, Inc. All rights reserved. The material on this site may
                                        not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used without written
                                        consent from ABL Advisor, Incorporated.
                                        
                                        ABL Advisor: 975 Mill Road, Suite G, Bryn Mawr, PA 19010 | tel 484.380.3215 | fax
                                        484.636.2508
                                    





























 



Quatris Health Employee Discounts, Employee Benefits, Employee Perks, Employee Discount Program - Corporate Shopping

















Exclusive Offers. Elite Brands. Easy Shopping.



GO 




FOLLOW US: 


login








Quatris Health


Enjoy Private Employee Discounts, Exclusive Pricing and Friends & Family Sales.

























- REAL RECENT OFFERS -





Special employee pricing, everyday discounts,
		private offers, Friends & Family, and more!



You're in good company! All Quatris Health employees are eligible for unbeatable deals at over 250 of the world's best retailers.
Lifetime registration is 100% free to all employees.

FIRST NAME:LAST NAME:EMAIL:CREATE PASSWORD:RE-TYPE PASSWORD:*ALTERNATE EMAIL:Instant Access!
We absolutely respect email privacy. Privacy Policy










Top Companies Eligible For Employee Discounts

ADP, Inc.
Advanced Auto
AIG
Albertsons
Ally Financial Inc.
American Family Insurance Company
Arby's
AT&T Corporation
Avaya Inc.
Amazon.com, Inc.
Amgen Inc.
Apple Inc.
Avis Budget Group, Inc.
3M Company
Abbott Laboratories
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Aecom Technology Corporation
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
American International Group, Inc.
AOL Inc.
Ashland Inc.
Assurant, Inc.
Autoliv, Inc.
Avery Dennison Corporation
Avon Products, Inc.
Barclays Group US, Inc.
Bechtel Corporation
Best Buy
Big Lots Stores, Inc.
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
Burger King Corporation
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
Ball Corporation
Barnes & Noble, Inc.
Baxter International Inc.
BB&T Corporation
Becton, Dickinson and Company
Bemis Company, Inc.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
BorgWarner Inc.
Boston Scientific Corporation
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Caesars Entertainment
Cargill, Incorporated
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
US Department of Justice
Chevron Inc
ConocoPhillips Company
Coventry Health Care Inc.
Cox Enterprises, Inc.
McGraw-Hill
Crown Holdings, Inc.
Charter Communications, Inc.
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Costco Wholesale Corporation
Cablevision Systems Corporation
Cameron International Corporation
Capital One Financial Corporation
CBRE Group, Inc.
CenturyLink, Inc.
Chubb Corporation
Computer Sciences Corporation
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
Con-way Inc.
Corning Incorporated
CSX Corporation
Cummins Inc.
Delaware North Companies, Inc.
Domino's Pizza 
Dunkin' Donuts 
Olive Garden
Chili's Grill & Bar 
DISH Network Corporation
Dollar Tree, Inc.
Dana Holding Corporation
Danaher Corporation
DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Dean Foods Company
Deutsche Bank USA
US Department of Veterans Affairs
Dillards, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc
Dollar General Corporation
Dover Corporation
Dow Chemical Company
Duke Energy Corporation
EmblemHealth, Inc.
Emerson Electric 
Marriott International
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company
Ernst & Young LLP
Colgate Palmolive
eBay Inc.
Express Scripts
Ecolab Inc.
Eli Lilly and Company
EMC Corporation
EMCOR Group, Inc.
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.
Exelon Corporation
Exxon Mobil Corporation
First Data Corporation
Facebook, Inc.
Fifth Third Bancorp
Frontier Communications Corporation
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.
Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
FirstEnergy Corporation
Fluor Corporation
Foot Locker, Inc.
Ford Motor Company
Alcoa
Subway
Gamestop Corporation
Gannett Co.
General Electric 
General Mills, Inc.
General Motors Company
Genworth Financial Inc
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Google Inc.
Halliburton
HCR ManorCare, Inc.
HCSC Group
Health Care Service Corporation
Health Management Associates, Inc.
Health Net, Inc.
Hess Energy Inc.
Highmark Inc.
HSBC Bank USA
Hy-Vee, Inc.
Henry Schein, Inc.
H.J. Heinz Company
Hartford Financial Services Group
Hewlett-Packard Company
Hillshire Brands Company
Home Depot, Inc. 
Honeywell International Inc.
Hormel Foods Corporation
Huntington Ingalls Industries
Independence Blue Cross, Inc.
Instagram, Inc.
International Paper 
Intel Corporation
Illinois Tool Works Inc.
Ingram Micro Inc.
International Business Machines


Jabil Circuit
Jefferies & Company
John Deere
Johnson & Johnson Inc.
J.C. Penney Company
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
Jarden Corporation
Johnson Controls, Inc.
Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.
KFC 
Kiewit Corporation
Kimberly Clark Worldwide Inc.
PwC
Koch Industries, Inc.
Kroger Foods, Inc.
KBR, Inc.
Kellogg Company
Kindred Healthcare, Inc.
Kohls Corporation
Kelly Services, Inc.
Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
Laboratory Corporation of America
Liberty Interactive
Liberty Mutual Insurance
Liberty Global, Inc.
L-3 Communications
Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Lazard
LinkedIn Corporation
Loews Corporation
Mars, Incorporated
MASCO, Inc.
McKinsey & Company
Medtronic USA Inc.
Meijer, Inc.
Mattel, Inc.
Micron Technology, Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
Mondelez International, Inc.
ManpowerGroup
Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Marsh & McLennan Companies
Masco Corporation
McDonalds Corporation
Medtronic, Inc.
Merck & Company
Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Monsanto Company
Murphy Oil Corporation
National Oilwell Varco, L.P.
Nationwide
NBC Universal
New York Life Insurance Co.
News Corporation
Northern Trust Corporation
NCR Corporation
Nike, Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc.
Norfolk Southern Corporation
Nucor Corporation
Omnicom Group
OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC
Outback Steakhouse
Office Depot, Inc.
Officemax Incorporated
Omnicare, Inc.
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
Pinterest
Piper Jaffray & Co.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
Pizza Hut
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
Publix Super Markets
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Pepsico, Inc.
Pfizer, Inc.
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
PPG Industries, Inc.
Praxair, Inc.
Prudential Financial
Dairy Queen
PACCAR Inc.
PetSmart, Inc
QUALCOMM Incorporated
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company
Ralph Lauren Corporation
Raytheon Company
Red Lobster
Regions Financial Corporation
Rite Aid
Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Ross Stores, Inc.
Ryder System, Inc.
Safeway Inc.
SAIC Inc
Samsung International, Inc.
Sanmina, Inc.
Sealed Air Corporation
Sears Holdings Corporation
Sempra Energy
Sherwin-Williams Company 
Smithfield Foods, Inc.
Sodexo, Inc.
Southern Company
Southwest Airlines Company
St. Jude Medical, Inc.
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
Starbucks 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts 
State Street Corporation
Stryker Corporation
SunTrust Banks, Inc.
SuperValu Inc.
Symantec Corporation
Taco Bell 
TD Bank, N.A.
Tenet Healthcare Corporation
Tenneco Inc.
Terex Corporation
Texas Instruments Incorporated
Textron Inc.
US Department of Homeland Security
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
US Department of the Treasury
US Department of Agriculture
United States Department of Defense
The Shaw Group Inc.
The Timken Corporation
Travelers Companies, Inc.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc
Time Warner Cable
TJX Companies, Inc.
TravelCenters of America 
Twitter, Inc.
Tyson Foods
U.S. Bancorp
Union Pacific Corporation
United Airlines, Inc
United Continental Holdings
United Parcel Service
United States Steel Corporation
United Technologies Corporation
Universal Health Services, Inc.
Unum
URS Corporation
US Airways Inc.


Valero Energy Corporation
Vanguard Health Systems, Inc.
Verizon Communications
Viacom Inc.
Visteon Corporation
W.W. Grainger, Inc.
Walgreen Co.
Walt Disney Company 
Waste Management, Inc.
WellPoint Inc.
Wells Fargo & Company
Wendys 
Weyerhaeuser Company
Whirlpool 
Whole Foods Market, Inc.
Wynn Resorts
Xerox 
Yahoo
YRC Worldwide, Inc.
Yum Brands
Arizona State University
kijian.com
retailcodes.com
McKesson
Bank of America
Citibank
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.	
Apple
CVS Caremark
IBM
Citigroup
Cardinal Health
UnitedHealth Group
Procter & Gamble
Archer Daniels Midland
AmerisourceBergen
Boeing
Walmart Stores
Target
MetLife
Caterpillar
State Farm Insurance
Comcast
Dell
UPS
Intel
Lowe's
Coca-Cola
Lockheed Martin
Cisco Systems
FedEx
Sysco
CHS
Dupont
Humana
Hess
Oracle
Delta Airlines
Aetna
American Express
Allstate
Morgan Stanley
General Dynamics
Phillip Morris
Mass Mutual
Cigna
Baker Hughes
Aramark
Darden Restaurants
Gap
Lear
Western Digital
3M
Community Health Systems
AMR
American Airlines
Northrop Grumman
State of New York
Fairfax County Public Schools
Los Angeles Unified School District
Houston Independent School District
Hawaii Department of Education
Dallas Independent School District
Montgomery County Public Schools
Credit Suisse
Verizon Wireless
UPS
Sprint
Motorola
O'Reilly Automotive
Interpublic Group
Jones Financial
Freeport McMoRan
HCA Healthcare
Fidelity Investments
 UnitedHealthcare
Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Regence BlueCross BlueShield
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield
State of Texas
UBS
mywalmart.com
Pennsylvania State University
Ohio State University
University of Minnesota
University of Texas at Austin
Ashford University
University of Central Florida
Texas A&M University
University of Florida
Michigan State University
State University of New York
City University of New York
California State University
University of California
Miami Dade College
Indiana University
New York City Department of Education
New York City Public Schools
City of Chicago School District 29
Dade County School District
Broward County School District
Clark County School District
Philadelphia City School Disctrict
Hillsborough County School District
Detroit City School District
Palm Beach County School District
Orange County School District
San Diego City Unified School Disctrict
Prince Georges County Public Schools
Duval County School District
State of California
City of New York
City of Los Angeles
City of Chicago
City of Houston
City of Philadelphia
City of San Antonio
City of San Diego
City of Dallas
City of San Francisco
City of Charlotte
City of Fort Worth
City of Detroit
State Government Employees
Apple EPP
GE





Top Employee Discounts

123 Inkjets
1800Baskets.com
1800Flowers.com
1800Mattress
7 for All Mankind
Advance Auto Parts
Amazon.com
American Eagle Outfitters
Angie's List
Ann Taylor
Ann Taylor Loft
Apple Store
Art.com
Ashford.com
Avis
Banana Republic
Bare Necessities
Barnes & Noble.com
Best Buy
Best Western
Bloomingdales
Blue Nile
Bluefly.com
Bobbi Brown
Brooks Brothers Corporate Membership
Victoria's Secret
Budget-Rent-A-Car
BuyCostumes.com
Calvin Klein 
CheapTickets.com
Choice Hotels®
Uber
Clarins
Clinique
Crate & Barrel
Vegas.com
Orlando Employee Discounts
Crocs.com
Darphin
Experian
Dell Home Systems
UGG
DIRECTV
Drugstore.com
eBags.com
Eddie Bauer
Enterprise Rent-a-Car
Estée Lauder
Expedia.com
Express
Fairmont Hotels
Fandango
Finish Line
Footlocker.com
FragranceNet.com
FTD.com
Gap.com
GNC Vitamins
GoDaddy.com
Godiva
Golf Smith
Groupon
Harry & David
Hertz
Sprint Discount Program
Holiday Inn Express
Holiday Inn® Hotels
Home Depot
Hotels.com
Ice.com
InterContinental® Hotels Group
J. Crew
J. Jill
JC Penney
Kate Spade
Kiehls
Kipling
Kohls.com
La Quinta Inns & Suites
Lancome


Lands' End
Levis
LifeLock Identify Theft
Lord & Taylor
Lowes
Lucky Brand Jeans
Macys
Magazines.com
Marriott Hotels
MLB.com Shop
Modells
Molton Brown
Moosejaw
Motel 6®
Nautica
NBA Store
Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH
Newegg
New York Times
NFL Shop
Nike Store
Nine West
Nordstrom
North Face
Office Depot
Old Navy
Orbitz
Origins
Philosophy
ProFlowers.com
Puma.com
Ralph Lauren
Red Envelope
REI
Restaurant.com
Saks Fifth Avenue
Sears
Sephora.com
Shari's Berries
Sheraton Hotels & Resorts
ShoeBuy.com
ShoeMall.com
Shoes.com
Sierra Trading Post
Snapfish
Solstice Sunglasses
Starbucks
Target
The Childrens Place
The Sports Authority
Tickets Now
TigerDirect.com
Timberland
Tory Burch
Travelocity
TurboTax
Under Armour
Verizon Wireless
Walmart.com
Weight Watchers
Westin Hotels
teleflora
Spanx
Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Club Monaco
Kenneth Cole
HotelStorm
Neiman Marcus Last Call
Rite Aid
Ticket Monster
Pier 1 Imports
Zipcar
Cox Communications
L.L.Bean
Kmart
Walgreens
Staples
T-Mobile
Sprint
Shutterfly


Tiny Prints
Coach
StubHub
hockeymonkey
Eve's Addiction
Pottery Barn
Rag & Bone
iTunes
Asos
Omaha Steaks
SeaWorld Parks
Samsung
Hilton Hotels & Resorts®
Geico
Evite
MICROSOFT HOME USE PROGRAM
Booking.com
Lacoste
Dockers
Cole Haan
CB2
Quicken Loans
Design Within Reach
Hyatt Hotels
Forever 21
West Elm
Liberty Mutual Insurance
CheapOair.com
T.J. Maxx
ESET
HP EMPLOYEE PURCHASE PROGRAM 
buybuy BABY
Old Pueblo Traders
Diesel
Talbots
Bed Bath & Beyond®
Sperry Top-Sider
Toms
Jo Malone
UNIQLO
39DollarGlasses.com
Gilt.com
HalloweenCostumes.com
Ticketmaster
Woot
Esurance
American Apparel
Williams-Sonoma
Verizon Broadband Services
La Mer
nomorerack.com
Carolee
PBteen
Pottery Barn Kids
Verizon Wireless Ford Employees
Verizon Wireless NYU Medical Center Employees
J.Crew Factory
DraftKings
Cars.com
Michael Kors
Billabong
QVC
Dell Member Purchase Program
DISH
American Express® Gift Cards
AccorHotels
LendingTree.com
GE Appliances Warehouse
W Hotels Worldwide
Embassy Suites by Hilton™
InterContinental® Hotels & Resorts
Hilton Garden Inn
Fairfield Inn & Suites® Marriott
Beaches® Resorts 
Atlantis Paradise Island Resort
Sandals Resorts International
Via
Parallels
U.S. Bank
















		  
		    Health Products Holdings llc
		  
		



























Toggle navigation








(954) 233-3300










 
 
 













About Us
Healthy Solutions for Today’s Lifestyles. 




Health Products Holdings, LLC (“HPH”) is a group of  vertically integrated companies, including manufacturing entities and  compelling brands, sold through a variety of distribution channels in the  Health Supplement industry. Since its inception, HPH has become a world leader  in supplement manufacturing and branding.  HPH takes pride in producing  and selling innovative, trustworthy, and highly-marketable nutritional  supplements with the overall goal of improving the population’s health.














Vision
Our trusted products empowering healthy lifestyles in every household
 Values





Engagement
Across brands, functions, and levels, we communicate openly, collaborate effectively, and take personal responsibility for maintaining consumer trust.





Innovation
We engage in timely and responsible exploration, experimentation, and discovery in our products and processes.





Integrity
In everything we do, we exhibit openness, honesty, respect, and firm commitment to our mission and values.




 Quality
We demonstrate daily diligence to performing at the highest standard across people, processes, and products.




 Humility
We are motivated by an ongoing desire to improve ourselves, our company, and the world, so we are willing to listen and learn and remain open to new ideas and approaches. 












Our Brands 
As a family of brands, Health Products Holdings is your trusted partner for healthier living. Our portfolio of nutritional products spans sports nutrition and herbal solutions to probiotics and whole food supplements.  






















































 




 
Press 




Health Products Holdings has acquired the True Health, Health Resources and Vitamin Research Products
August 31st, 2015
Health Products Holdings, LLC (“HPH”) has acquired from Vitamin Research Products, LLC all of its brands and related assets, including the well-known direct-to-consumer brands Vitamin Research Products (“VRP”), True Health (“TH”), and Health Resources (“HR”). Read More






Nature’s Products Inc. Is Reaping Awards for Healthiest Employer in 2015
July 28, 2015
Nature’s Products Inc. has received two wellness awards in South Florida, and has been recognized as a Gold-Level, Fit-Friendly Worksite by the American Heart Association. 
Read More






Iceland Health® Introduces Axial Rx™
August 10th, 2014
Patent-Pending Formula for Joint Health Sunrise, FL (October 14, 2014) – Iceland Health, known for its premium, omega-3 based products, launches Axial Rx™, a patent-pending joint health formula. Axial Rx is designed to help provide relief from joint discomfort in
Read More













 Home

 About Us 
 Vision & Values 
 Our Brands 
 Press 

 
	
1301 Sawgrass Corporate Parkway Sunrise, Florida 33323 United States© 2015 Health Products Holdings llc(954) 233-3300













