




Kimberly  Querrey's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
Q
Querrey

Kimberly  Querrey




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 471364046Kimberly  Querrey800 Michigan AveChicago, IL 60611Background Check - Available
Record ID: 471364106Kimberly K Querrey4017 Winter Park RdAddison, TX 75001Age 56 (Born Jan 1961)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 707259959Kimberly  Querrey800 Michigan AveChicago, IL 60611Background Check - Available
Record ID: 707260054Kimberly K Querrey4017 Winter Park RdAddison, TX 75001Age 56 (Born Jan 1961)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 707845864Kimberly  Querrey800 Michigan AveChicago, IL 60611Background Check - Available
Record ID: 707845949Kimberly K Querrey4017 Winter Park RdAddison, TX 75001Age 56 (Born Jan 1961)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 711862758Kimberly  Querrey800 Michigan AveChicago, IL 60611Background Check - Available
Record ID: 711862835Kimberly K Querrey4017 Winter Park RdAddison, TX 75001Age 56 (Born Jan 1961)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 716097822Kimberly  Querrey800 Michigan AveChicago, IL 60611Background Check - Available
Record ID: 716097903Kimberly K Querrey4017 Winter Park RdAddison, TX 75001Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







Kimberly Kay Querrey - Naples, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kimberly Kay Querrey in Naples, FL


Kimberly Kay Querrey

                                                                                       Intelius found that Kimberly Kay Querrey  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Naples, FL.  We have connected them to
                20 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Kimberly Kay Querrey is in her 50s

Kimberly Has Lived In

Naples, FL
Dublin, OH
Orlando, FL

Kimberly's Relatives

Louis Simpson







Kimberly Kay Querrey



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Board Member at Artis-naples



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kimberly? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kimberly, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kimberly Kay Querrey
Get a Criminal Check on Kimberly Kay Querrey
Get a Public Record Report on Kimberly Kay Querrey
Get a People Search Report on Kimberly Kay Querrey


Kimberly Kay Querrey's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kimberly Kay Querrey has lived as well as Kimberly Kay Querrey's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kimberly Kay Querrey Has Lived in 6 States
Florida Address for Kimberly Kay Querrey


5833 P****** B** B*** 

Naples, FL


Has Lived In

Naples, FL
Dublin, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kimberly Kay Querrey

(239) ***-**** - Naples, FL 
() ***-**** - Naples, FL 
(312) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kimberly Kay Querrey

k******y@***.com
q*************y@***..us


Get Email Report




Kimberly Kay Querrey's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Kimberly Kay Querrey's academic history.  Find out which schools Kimberly Kay Querrey attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Kimberly Kay Querrey received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kimberly Kay Querrey Has Attended 2 Schools
Murray State University 
West Virginia University                                             


Kimberly Kay Querrey's Professional Information
Information regarding Kimberly Kay Querrey's professional history.  Find out previous places Kimberly Kay Querrey has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kimberly Kay Querrey Has Worked at 14 Places
Company: Artis-naples
               Title: Board Member
Company: The Chicago Council on Global Affairs
               Title: President
Kimberly Kay Querrey's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: Artis-naples
Job Details
               Artis-Naples is the premier center for the performing and visual arts in Southwest Florida. Fulfilling our mission to create and present world-class visual and performing arts, Artis-Naples hosts more than 300 concerts, performances, exhibitions and educational events for children and adults from all backgrounds each year. With the help of generous donors, patrons and volunteers, Artis-Naples' commitment to enrichment and education provides an inspirational resource for our diverse community. The Kimberly K. Querrey and Louis A. Simpson Cultural Campus includes two performance halls, Frances Pew Hayes Hall and Myra J. Daniels Pavilion, The Baker Museum, the foremost fine arts museum in Southwest Florida, and the Toni Stabile Education building, home to our adult education programs. Whether you are a first-time visitor or steadfast patron, we invite you to join us to experience the best the arts have to offer.
Title: President
               Company: The Chicago Council on Global Affairs
Job Details
               Founded in 1922, The Chicago Council on Global Affairs is one of the oldest and most prominent international affairs organizations in the United States. Independent and nonpartisan, The Chicago Council is committed to influencing the discourse on global issues through contributions to opinion and policy formation, leadership dialogue, and public learning. Through its Global Chicago and Global Midwest initiatives, the Council examines global cities and urbanization issues, addressing specific topics such as attracting human capital, investing in infrastructure, and increasing global engagement, with special attention given to Chicago. The Chicago Council on Global Affairs has worked with A.T. Kearney to publish the Global Cities Index in 2008, 2010, and 2012.
Additional Professional Information on Kimberly Kay Querrey

 See Kimberly Kay Querrey's LinkedIn Profile



Kimberly Kay Querrey's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kimberly Kay Querrey


Kimberly Kay Querrey's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kimberly Kay Querrey's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kimberly Querrey
Username Matches

                  KimberlyQuerrey
                  QuerreyKimberly
                  Kimberly.Querrey
                  Querrey.Kimberly
                  Kimberly_Querrey
                  Querrey_Kimberly
                  Kimberly-Querrey
                  Querrey-Kimberly
                  KQuerrey
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Querrey







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Kimberly Kay Querrey: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:25 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of SQ Advisors, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Kimberly Kay Querrey  President and Managing Member, SQ Advisors, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships56--
Background

		Ms. Kimberly Kay Querrey Co-Founded SQ Advisors, LLC and has been its President and Managing Member since August 2010. Ms. Querrey has been an Independent Consultant on an array of issues in all aspects of operational management since 2000 and also vast years of experience in manufacturing as well as adjunct teaching experience at a university level in operational management, engineering and chemistry. She has vast years of corporate experience. From 2000 to 2010, she ... served as the President at Querrey Enterprises. From 1995 to 2010, she served as the Director of Operations at IMCO Recycling and Divisional Director of Occidental Chemical Corporation from 1990 to 1995. She served as a Director of Environmental, Health and Safety at Western Michigan University from 1984 to 1990. She held numerous management level positions in environmental health and safety, production and operational management within various organizations. She serves as a Director of After School Matters and Chicago Council on Global Affairs. She serves as a Member of the Council on Foreign Relations. She served as an Independent  Director of Chesapeake Energy Corporation from April 8, 2015 to November 29, 2016. She served as a Director of Mekong Capital from 2009 to 2012 and International Dispensing Corporation from 2009 to 2012. Ms. Querrey received a B.S. in Mathematics, Physical Education and Safety from West Virginia Institute of Technology, Montgomery in 1983 and an M.S. in Safety Engineering and Health from Murray State University in 1984.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1400 Gulfshore Boulevard NorthNaples, Florida 34102United StatesPhone: 239-213-9393Fax: 239-213-9396
Board Members Memberships
Non-Executive Board of DirectorMekong CapitalDirectorAfter School Matters, Inc.
Education
MS Murray State UniversityBS West Virginia University Institute of Technology
Other Affiliations
Chesapeake Energy CorporationMurray State UniversityWest Virginia University Institute of TechnologyMekong CapitalAfter School Matters, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact SQ Advisors, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Chesapeake Energy Corporation Appoints Kimberly K. Querrey To Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Chesapeake Energy Corporation Appoints Kimberly K. Querrey To Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Apr 7, 2015 4:01 PM EDT













 




























































  Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) announced today that Kimberly K. Querrey has been appointed to the Board of Directors effective immediately. Querrey will serve as a member of the Audit Committee and will stand for re-election at the 2015 annual meeting of shareholders on May 22.  Chairman Archie Dunham commented, "With her extensive financial experience and environmental, health and safety background, Kimberly will be a terrific resource for our Board and management team. We are pleased to welcome Kimberly and are confident that her insight will benefit the company and all of our shareholders."  Querrey is the co-founder of SQ Advisors, LLC, a registered investment advisor, and has been its President and Managing Member since August 2010. Previously, she was the President of Querrey Enterprises, an international business operations and environmental, health and safety consulting firm, from 2000 to 2010. From 1990 to 2000, Querrey held a variety of operational and environmental, health and safety positions at IMCO Recycling (formerly NYSE:IMR) and Occidental Chemical Corporation, a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY). From 1984 to 1990, she was the Director of Environmental, Health and Safety at Western Michigan University. Querrey was a Director of Mekong Capital, a Vietnam-focused private equity firm, from 2009 to 2012, and International Dispensing Corporation, a food and beverage packaging company, from 2009 to 2012, and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.  "It is an honor to join the Board of one of the nation's leading energy producers, especially during a time of such great opportunity for the company," said Querrey. "I look forward to working with the Board and management team to deliver value for our shareholders and stakeholders."   Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) is the second-largest producer of natural gas and the 11th largest producer of oil and natural gas liquids in the U.S. Headquartered in Oklahoma City, the company's operations are focused on discovering and developing its large and geographically diverse resource base of unconventional oil and natural gas assets onshore in the U.S. The company also owns substantial marketing and compression businesses. Further information is available at   www.chk.com   where Chesapeake routinely posts announcements, updates, events, investor information, presentations and news releases.    



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













ECB's Draghi May Be Ready to Change Course, but the BOJ Is in It for the Long Haul: Market Recon
The European Central Bank has had their foot on the gas for a while.



Stephen Guilfoyle

Jul 20, 2017 7:27 AM EDT
























Chesapeake's Troubles Are Over, Says CEO Who Sees Debt Cuts and Higher Production Aiding Revival
Talking one's book.



Gregory Morcroft

Jun 27, 2017 9:47 AM EDT
























Advanced Micro Devices Is Still a Buy-the-Dips Summer Stock
Here's how to trade four of the most active names on the market today.



Jonas Elmerraji

Jun 20, 2017 2:12 PM EDT
























Hess Stock Surging After Company Initiates Development of Massive Oil Discovery
The company surged nearly 4% in premarket trading Friday on rising oil prices and news it will initiate the first phase of development of the Liza Field in offshore Guyana.



Tom Terrarosa

Jun 16, 2017 9:07 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


These Are Our 3 Biggest Stories on Amazon's Bizarre Earnings Whiff


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Intel Blows Away Estimates -- Here Are 11 Photos Revealing How Company Is Shaping the Future











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















The Chronicle of Philanthropy - The news and tools you need to change the world



 














 

Skip to main content









Log In







Search the Chronicle of Philanthropy




Magazine
Resources
Data
Grants
Webinars
Jobs




SUBSCRIBE TODAY








 
Subscribe Today For  Premium Access
 




 
Subscribe Today For  Premium Access
 
Log In





 



                                Magazine                              

                                Resources                              

                                Data                              

                                Grants                              

                                Webinars                              

                                Jobs                              


Subscribe









Search the Chronicle of Philanthropy






Featured:


How Three Nonprofits Rebooted 

Data: Nonprofit Endowments 

Raise Money from Corporate Employees 

Report: Trends in Philanthropy 












Big Charitable Gifts: Where Donors Have Given $1 Million or More


 
 



← Return to main tableLouis A. Simpson and Kimberly K. QuerreyLocation: Fla.Source of wealth: Finance, InsuranceShowing 1-6 of 6 Gift yearRecipientCategoryTypeGift valueDescription2016Princeton U. (N.J.)Colleges and universities$20,000,000Princeton U. (N.J.) has received $20 million from Louis Simpson and his wife, Kimberly Querrey, for a new building. The structure will be named for Mr. Simpson and will house the Princeton Institute for International and Regional Studies and related programs. Mr. Simpson chairs the investment firm SQ Advisors and is a former chief executive of capital operations for the auto-insurance firm GEICO. He earned a master's degree in economics from Princeton in 1960 and was an economics instructor at the university in 1961 and 1962. His son, Ted, is a member of Princeton's class of 1990.2015Princeton U. (N.J.)Colleges and universitiesGift$10,000,000Princeton U. has received a gift of $10-million from Louis A. Simpson, former chief executive officer for capital operations at GEICO, the auto insurance company, to establish its Center for the Study of Macroeconomics. Mr. Simpson earned his master's degree in economics from the university in 1960 and was an economics instructor there for two years.2015Northwestern U. (Evanston, Ill.)Colleges and universitiesGift$92,000,000Northwestern U. (Evanston, Ill.) has received a gift of $92-million from Louis A. Simpson, chairman of the investment firm SQ Advisors and former chief executive officer of capital operations at the auto-insurance company GEICO, and his wife, Kimberley Querrey. The gift will be used for biomedical research programs at its medical school, with a focus on regenerative medicine. Mr. Simpson graduated from the university in 1958.2014Ohio Wesleyan U. (Delaware)Colleges and universities$8,000,000$8-million from Louis A. Simpson and Kimberly K. Querrey to build a new fitness center. Mr. Simpson, a 1958 graduate, is former chief executive officer for capital operations at GEICO, the auto insurance company.2014Artis-Naples (Fla.)Arts$1,000,000$1-million from Louis A. Simpson and Kimberly K. Querrey. Mr. Simpson is former chief executive officer for capital operations at GEICO, the auto insurance company. Ms. Querrey is a board member of the organization.2012Northwestern U. (Evanston, Ill.)Colleges and universities$10,000,000Northwestern U. (Evanston, Ill.) has received $10-million from the Querrey Simpson Charitable Foundation (Louis A. Simpson and Kimberly K. Querrey) to establish a center for regenerative nanomedicine. Mr. Simpson is the former chief executive officer for capital operations at GEICO, the auto insurance company. He is a university trustee and graduated from Northwestern in 1958.

Note: Most of the bequests listed in this database are estimates. In many cases, donors' bequests are announced long before their wills are settled.




 



                      Subscribe Today
              






×



          ...
        



































Kimberly K. Querrey - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kimberly K. Querrey
Former Board Member at Chesapeake Energy Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Kimberly K. Querrey? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kimberly K. Querrey's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kimberly K. Querrey's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kimberly K. Querrey's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kimberly K. Querrey through your network of contacts.
												








Kimberly K. Querrey's Executive Work History


Past
To view Kimberly K. Querrey's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 


Kimberly K. Querrey's Biography



Kimberly K. Querrey has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 2015. Ms. Querrey is the co-founder of SQ Advisors, LLC, a registered investment advisor, and has been its President and Managing Member since August 2010. Previously, she was the President of Querrey Enterprises, a consulting firm focusing on international business operations and environmental, health and safety from 2000 to 2010. From 1990 to 2000, Ms. Querrey held a variety of operational and environmental, health and safety positions at IMCO Recycling (formerly NYSE:IMR) and Occidental Chemical Corporation, a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OX ...
(Read More)

			Kimberly K. Querrey has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 2015. Ms. Querrey is the co-founder of SQ Advisors, LLC, a registered investment advisor, and has been its President and Managing Member since August 2010. Previously, she was the President of Querrey Enterprises, a consulting firm focusing on international business operations and environmental, health and safety from 2000 to 2010. From 1990 to 2000, Ms. Querrey held a variety of operational and environmental, health and safety positions at IMCO Recycling (formerly NYSE:IMR) and Occidental Chemical Corporation, a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY). From 1984 to 1990, she was the Director of Environmental, Health and Safety at Western Michigan University. Ms. Querrey was a director of Mekong Capital, a Vietnam-focused private equity firm, from 2009 to 2012, and International Dispensing Corporation, a food and beverage packaging company, from 2009-2012, and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. The Board believes Ms. Querrey's 30 years of experience as an investment advisor, executive and consultant overseeing operational and environmental, health and safety matters, and director of two multinational companies qualifies her to serve on the Board.
		
Source: Chesapeake Energy Corporation on 04/08/2016
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kimberly K. Querrey's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kimberly K. Querrey. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kimberly K. Querrey's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kimberly K. Querrey's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kimberly K. Querrey through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kimberly K. Querrey


















Kimberly K. Querrey's Connections (103)





Sign up now to view Kimberly K. Querrey's 103 connections »









Norman R. Bobins
Board Member, AAR









Vincent J. Intrieri
Board Member, Navistar International Corporation









Jack M. Greenberg
Former Board Member, The Western Union Company









Richard L. Keyser
Board Member, Zebra Technologies Corporation









Mellody L. Hobson
Board Member, The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.









Anthony K. Anderson
Board Member, AAR









J. Erik Fyrwald
Board Member, Lilly









John W. McCarter
Former Board Member, W.W. Grainger, Inc.









Neil S. Novich
Board Member, W.W. Grainger, Inc.









John J. Lipinski
Former Chief Executive Officer and President, CVR Energy, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



























Chesapeake Energy appoints Kimberly Querrey to the Board of Directors






























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Diversity on Board Chesapeake Energy appoints Kimberly Querrey to the Board of Directors Chesapeake Energy appoints Kimberly Querrey to the Board of Directors








April 7, 2015
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies, Diversity on Board


– USA, OK – Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) announced today that Kimberly K. Querrey has been appointed to the Board of Directors effective immediately. Querrey will serve as a member of the Audit Committee and will stand for re-election at the 2015 annual meeting of shareholders on May 22.
Chairman Archie Dunham commented, “With her extensive financial experience and environmental, health and safety background, Kimberly will be a terrific resource for our Board and management team. We are pleased to welcome Kimberly and are confident that her insight will benefit the company and all of our shareholders.”
Querrey is the co-founder of SQ Advisors, LLC, a registered investment advisor, and has been its President and Managing Member since August 2010. Previously, she was the President of Querrey Enterprises, an international business operations and environmental, health and safety consulting firm, from 2000 to 2010. From 1990 to 2000, Querrey held a variety of operational and environmental, health and safety positions at IMCO Recycling (formerly NYSE:IMR) and Occidental Chemical Corporation, a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY). From 1984 to 1990, she was the Director of Environmental, Health and Safety at Western Michigan University. Querrey was a Director of Mekong Capital, a Vietnam-focused private equity firm, from 2009 to 2012, and International Dispensing Corporation, a food and beverage packaging company, from 2009 to 2012, and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
“It is an honor to join the Board of one of the nation’s leading energy producers, especially during a time of such great opportunity for the company,” said Querrey. “I look forward to working with the Board and management team to deliver value for our shareholders and stakeholders.”
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Chesapeake Energy appointed Gloria Boyland to the Board of Directors and its Audit CommitteeChesapeake Energy names Brad Martin Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of DirectorsKimberly-Clark announces Mike White to its Board of Directors as upcoming MemberTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


Standard Chartered announces Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to its Board as upcoming Independent Non-Executive Director
July 27, 2017



Tri-Star Resources appoints Mark Wellesley-Wood as Executive Chairman
July 27, 2017



Pacific City Financial appoints Sang Lee as new Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 27, 2017



Medallion Financial adds John Everets to its Board as Independent Director
July 27, 2017



Morgan Stanley announces Board member Tom Glocer as upcoming Independent Lead Director
July 27, 2017











Random BoardsStanley RoboticsANI PharmaceuticalsArrhythmia Research TechnologyStallergenesHi inov











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -


































Louis A Simpson and Kimberly K Querrey Biomedical Research Centre, Northwestern University - Pharmaceutical Technology















































 













 

















Project



Project Type
Biomedical research centre


Location
Northwestern University, Feinberg School of Medicine


Construction Started
May 2015


Expected Completion
Late 2018


Estimated Investment
$117.8m


Designed by
Perkins + Will















Construction on the Louis A. Simpson and Kimberly K Querrey Biomedical Research Centre began in May 2015.







The research facility is expected to be ready by late 2018.







The research facility is located at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago.






Louis A Simpson and Kimberly K Querrey Biomedical Research Centre, Northwestern University, United States of America




The construction of Louis A Simpson and Kimberly K Querrey Biomedical Research Centre at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago, Illinois, US, began in May 2015. The research centre is named after Louis A Simpson and his spouse Kimberly K Querrey, who are the Northwestern University's trustees and alumni."The research centre is named after Louis A Simpson and his spouse Kimberly K Querrey, who are the Northwestern University's trustees and alumni."The new facility, expected to be opened for operations in late 2018, will enable new centres for research excellence, create venture space, and generate new startup companies and scientific discoveries that will save lives and improve health.Biomedical research facility detailsThe research centre will be situated in a 12-storey building having a total floor space of 600,000ft². It will have nine floors of laboratory space containing sophisticated lab equipment. Each laboratory floor will have a 40,000ft² space, which can be used for accelerating the pace of discovery and heighten the collaborative nature of advanced research.The laboratory floors will include flexible laboratory blocks known as neighbourhoods, which will accommodate teams of six to nine researchers. The neighbourhoods will also include offices for principal investigators, and formal and informal meeting spaces.Williamson Translational Research Building (WTRB), Geisel School of Medicine, USAThe construction of WTRB at the Geisel School of Medicine was initiated in 2013, and is expected to be completed by June 2015.The new facility is being constructed as replacement to the Prentice Women's Hospital in Chicago. The building will be connected to the adjacent Robert H Lurie Medical Research Centre. It will offer new research opportunities for high-quality research faculty, PhD students, and postdoctoral fellows as well as medical students, residents and clinical fellows. It will also lead the Northwestern University's research facilities and will be a hub for the world-class research and development enterprises that attract innovation and entrepreneurship.The facility will create employment opportunities for more than 2,000 people during construction phase and more than 2,500 permanent and full-time jobs after the completion of construction. It will also generate approximately $3.9bn in future economic activity in Chicago.
Contractors involvedPerkins + Will Architects were selected to design the new biomedical research centre building in December 2013. The designs were provided by Ralph Johnson, global design director of Perkins + Will.FinancingThe total estimated investment for the construction of the biomedical research facility is $117.8m. The couple Louis A Simpson and his spouse Kimberly K Querrey through the Querrey Simpson Charitable Foundation contributed a $25m gift towards the construction of the facility in March 2014 and an additional $92m gift in March 2015.SustainabilityThe new biomedical research facility will be constructed with the aim of achieving LEED Silver rating from the US Green Building Council. The building will feature a curved glass exterior, and a sunny winter garden area that will allow natural light into the building.



Share











Related Articles »









Follow Us





 Facebook


 Twitter




Newsletter
For all the latest pharmaceutical industry news, sign up for our regular updates.








 




 




 






































Northwestern University gets $92 million gift from Florida couple	                                             - Blogs   Takes Names -  Crain's Chicago Business

































































































































































































        Friday, July 28, 2017
        





Login
Register
Subscribe






Welcome Guest
Account Settings
Register
Log out









Navigation



Editors’ Picks



Weather



Search





                                             Here's how Four Loko became a thing again 
                                        



                                             Dorms for grown-ups come to Chicago 
                                        



                                             Who's telling the truth about state school funding—Rauner or Dems? 
                                        



                                             When small manufacturers become the bank 
                                        



                                             The doctor will see you now—for $25,000 
                                        






×







                                             How city power players diverted millions in blight-fighting TIF cash to Navy Pier 
                                        



                                             SB 1 is flawed, but it's a necessary step for Illinois schools  
                                        



                                             Here's how Four Loko became a thing again 
                                        



                                             Dorms for grown-ups come to Chicago 
                                        



                                             Who's telling the truth about state school funding—Rauner or Dems? 
                                        









                                             When small manufacturers become the bank 
                                        



                                             The doctor will see you now—for $25,000 
                                        



                                             What the Sun-Times' new owners need most 
                                        



                                             Tour this home on 40 acres in La Porte 
                                        



                                             Best places to buy a home 
                                        










×

                        Weather
                    



×

                  Search
                

























        March 05, 2015
    



Comments




Email



Print








Shia Kapos








        SHARE
        ×


Facebook
Twitter
Text / SMS
LinkedIn
Google +


Email










Photo by Marit & Toomas Hinnosaar via Flickr.com
			The gift by Louis Simpson and Kimberly Querrey represents the largest amount given by a single donor to Northwestern University's latest fundraising campaign.
		




Florida couple with deep ties to Northwestern donate $92 million


Northwestern University trustee and alumnus Louis Simpson and his wife, businesswoman Kimberly Querrey, have donated $92 million to Northwestern University to support biomedical research at Feinberg School of Medicine.The gift comes just a year after the couple made a $25 million gift to Northwestern to endow the Louis A. Simpson and Kimberly K. Querrey Institute for BioNanotechnology in Medicine. SQI, as the institute is known, “is conducting some of the world's most innovative interdisciplinary research in applying nanotechnology to regenerative medicine,” Northwestern said in a press release announcing the new gift.The two donations, along with the couple's earlier gifts, bring their total contributions to the school's “We Will” campaign to $117.8 million. It also represents the largest amount given by a single donor to the campaign.In recognition of their generosity, the new biomedical research center on Northwestern's Chicago campus will be named the Louis A. Simpson and Kimberly K. Querrey Biomedical Research Center, the school said in its announcement.'A CATALYST'“This gift will be a catalyst for Northwestern Medicine's mission to advance biomedical research informing patient care,” Dr. Eric Neilson, vice president for medical affairs and Lewis Landsberg dean at Feinberg, said in the university's statement. “The gift will enable us to both build on established areas of strength and develop new areas of excellence and expertise. In addition, with this gift, the total amount raised for the Campaign for Northwestern Medicine will surpass $1 billion.”Construction will begin this year on the 12-story Biomedical Research Center that will be connected to the Robert H. Lurie Medical Research Center. The new research center, comprising approximately 600,000 square feet, will have nine laboratory floors. It has been designed to accommodate an additional 15 laboratory floors of vertical expansion in the future.Simpson and Querrey live in Naples, Fla., but their connections to the Chicago area run deep.Simpson is a Northwestern board member and a 1958 alumnus of the university's Judd A. and Marjorie Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences, and his son, Ted, is a 1996 graduate of Northwestern's Kellogg School of Management. Simpson has been on the Northwestern board since 2006 and serves on the investment and educational properties committees. He is chairman of SQ Advisors, an investment advisory firm in Naples. Previously, he was president and CEO of Capital Operations at Geico.He also is the investor who picked stocks on behalf of billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway for more than a decade before going into business himself.Querrey is president of SQ Advisors. Previously, she was president of Querrey Enterprises, a consulting firm. She serves on the board of directors and executive committee for both Artis Naples and the Chicago Council on Global Affairs. She is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.In January, Roberta Buffett Elliott, Buffett's youngest sister, committed to give Northwestern $100 million.




			
			A rendering of the proposed Louis A. Simpson and Kimberly K. Querrey Biomedical Research Center
		





People
Northwestern University
Education
Health Care
Non Profits and Philanthropy
Shia Kapos Takes Names



























Today's Crain's
Get our daily roundup of important business news.



























































 



                                                Weiss/Manfredi to masterplan Kimberly K. Querrey and Louis A. Simpson Cultural Campus - Archpaper.com
                                    










































































 















































Campus Culture
Weiss/Manfredi tapped to master plan Naples, Florida’s cultural campus

By
Sam Lubell
•
April 13, 2017




                    Architecture
                

                    East
                

                    News
                

                    Urbanism
                



Weiss/Manfredi tapped to master plan Naples, Florida’s cultural campus. (Courtesy Artis—Naples)






        Share:
    




This article appears in The Architect’s Newspaper’s April 2017 issue, which takes a deep dive into Florida to coincide with the upcoming AIA Conference on Architecture in Orlando (April 27 to 29). We’re publishing the issue online as the Conference approaches—click here to see the latest articles to be uploaded.
Naples, Florida-based arts organization Artis—Naples hired New York-based Weiss/Manfredi to create a master plan for its 99,000-square-foot Kimberly K. Querrey and Louis A. Simpson Cultural Campus. The plan will help the campus—home to the Naples Philharmonic, The Baker Museum (formerly the Naples Museum of Art), and a handful of other arts facilities—become more cohesive and dynamic, as well as embrace its natural surroundings. 
“What we’re really focusing on are the spaces between the buildings,” said Weiss/Manfredi’s Michael Manfredi, who points out that much of the campus, even though it is located less than a mile from the Gulf of Mexico, is covered in surface parking and self-contained structures. “The light, the water… to take that atmosphere and pull it into Artis—Naples is an extraordinary opportunity,” added fellow principal Marion Weiss. “They have an opportunity to have both a cultural and public dimension.”
 The master plan, set to guide development on the campus for the next two to three decades, is scheduled to be ready by summer, with work getting underway next year. The designers are set to meet with Artis—Naples officials and the local community in the coming weeks.
 “We’re still at the early part of this exploration. But we know that when disciplines intersect something special happens,” said Artis—Naples CEO and President Kathleen van Bergen, hinting at closer connections among the institution’s varied cultural offerings. She added: “We want them to look at the entire property and consider everything. You don’t often get an opportunity like this in an organization’s life cycle.”
Currently that property, which hosts about 300,000 visitors per year, consists of five buildings, including two performance halls (Frances Pew Hayes Hall and Myra J. Daniels Pavilion), The Baker Museum, the Toni Stabile Education Building, and the Kohan Administration Building.
 Best known for its Olympic Sculpture Park in Seattle, Weiss/Manfredi has also master planned the Nelson-Atkins Museum Cultural Arts District, and designed the Kent State Center for Architecture and Environmental Design. On this project, the firm beat out Diller Scofidio + Renfro with Hargreaves Associates, NADAAA with Michael Van Valkenburgh Associates, and PWP Landscape Architecture with Allied Works Architecture.







                    April 2017 Florida Issue
                

                    Florida
                

                    Naples Florida
                

                    Weiss/Manfredi
                













Related Stories







July 21, 2017

            Disney will recreate this historic Kansas City theater
        









July 5, 2017

            Here’s the $3 billion project that will give Tampa a skyline
        









May 3, 2017

            Can Tampa undo its Post-War planning mistakes while embracing its environment? This competition explored how.
        









May 1, 2017

            An historic skatepark is replicated—and memorialized—in Tampa
        







































Trending
Most Popular
Most Recent







Facing soaring costs, the world’s skinniest skyscraper is facing foreclosure
Who you need to know in Miami’s up-and-coming design scene
This San Francisco development will turn a working subway vent into a public sculpture
Urban planners are irresponsibly designing risky mega-developments across Africa
Shigeru Ban will design 20,000 shelters for a Kenyan refugee settlement








Facing soaring costs, the world’s skinniest skyscraper is facing foreclosure
With new plan, NYC seeks to revitalize Downtown Far Rockaway
Who you need to know in Miami’s up-and-coming design scene
SO-IL and the triumph of non-“starchitecture” in Paris
Urban planners are irresponsibly designing risky mega-developments across Africa






Facing soaring costs, the world’s skinniest skyscraper is facing foreclosure


Trump sign flying pigs installation delayed


Midtown East rezoning gets unanimous approval from land use and zoning committees


From Hudson Yards to Chengdu, China: Where top architects were this week


This San Francisco development will turn a working subway vent into a public sculpture

























