





Quest Investment Management – Established: 1985 Consistency, Integrity, Excellence


























































 











×
 













 





Consistency. Integrity. Excellence. 
		







Consistency. Integrity. Excellence. 
		







Consistency. Integrity. Excellence. 
		


 



 
  
 
 
 
 



© 2016 Quest Investment Management, LLC



 
 


























Marketing & Client Service – Quest Investment Management


























































 











×
 









Our Team  Investment Team  /  Marketing & Client Service  /  Trading & Operations  


Meet Our People






All assets managed by Quest Investment Management, LLC are overseen by an investment committee. Members of the committee have between 18 and 40+ years of investment industry experience with the core of our investment team having worked together since 1990. The stability in our team approach fosters a repeatable institutional investment process.





Marketing & Client Service



 


Jon P. Bettendorf
Senior Vice President, Principal



 
  
 
 
 
 



© 2016 Quest Investment Management, LLC



 
 



























Trading & Operations – Quest Investment Management


























































 











×
 









Our Team  Investment Team  /  Marketing & Client Service  /  Trading & Operations  


Meet Our People






All assets managed by Quest Investment Management, LLC are overseen by an investment committee. Members of the committee have between 18 and 40+ years of investment industry experience with the core of our investment team having worked together since 1990. The stability in our team approach fosters a repeatable institutional investment process.





Trading & Operations



 


Blaine G. Dickason
Head Trader / Fixed Income, Principal


 


Jill K. Bartell
Operations / Fixed Income, Principal


 


Georgina L. Kairouz
Operations / Client Service


 


JoAnn Phillips
Administration / Client Service


 


Vanna Wai
Accounting



 
  
 
 
 
 



© 2016 Quest Investment Management, LLC



 
 



























Contact – Quest Investment Management


























































 











×
 









Contact Us









How to Find Us




CALL US
(503) 221-0158





Thank you for your interest in Quest Investment Management, LLC.
For more information send us a note below:












 
 
 


 
  
 
 
 
 



© 2016 Quest Investment Management, LLC



 
 




























Investment Strategies – Quest Investment Management


























































 











×
 









Investment Strategies



The Long View






Quest Investment Management specializes in managing long-only growth equity portfolios for institutional clients. The Firm offers Concentrated Large Cap Growth, Large Cap Growth and SMid Cap Growth strategies. The minimum account size for separately managed growth equity portfolios is $5 million.
Quest also offers investment advisory services for fixed income and Capital Asset Allocation Strategy (CAAS) portfolios.
Please contact us for detailed strategy information.





Concentrated Large Cap Growth
Portfolios generally hold 30-40 equally weighted securities and seek to outperform the Russell 1000 Growth Index.





Large Cap Growth
Portfolios generally hold 60-80 securities, equally weighted within sectors, and seek to outperform the Russell 1000 Growth Index.





SMid Cap Growth
Portfolios generally hold 50-70 securities, equally weighted within sectors, and seek to outperform the Russell 2500 Growth Index.



 
  
 
 
 
 



© 2016 Quest Investment Management, LLC



 
 





















 




Investment Management | Quest Capital & Risk Management, INC.









































































Home > Individual Clients > Investment Management 
Investment Management




The Quest Capital & Risk Management team provides fee-based investment management services based on our clients’ long-term needs and risk tolerance. Our core belief is that proper asset allocation and professional, ongoing advice are essential components of investment success. 
We believe that to properly manage your financial assets, we need to have a complete picture of who you are and what you hope to achieve financially. Our conversations with clients about risk and reward help guide us in designing investment portfolios that are tailored to each client’s life and risk appetite.
Because of our independence, we can choose from a broad array of products and services. There are no proprietary products we are required to represent, so we can offer financial guidance based solely on our clients’ financial agendas. This model curtails conflicts of interest, since our fee is directly tied to the value we provide.

 


 
 
 
 
 




Copyright © 2017 Quest Capital & Risk Management, Inc.. All rights reserved.
                  



 
 
 
 
 
 











Quest Investment Management, Inc.                                                                                        - Portland                                          , OR         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OR



Portland



Management Consulting Services



Management Consulting Services



                            Quest Investment Management, Inc.
                                    



 





















Q 


Quest Investment Management, Inc.                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 SW COLUMBIA ST STE 1100 PORTLAND, OR 97258
Get Directions



(503) 221-0158
www.questinvestment.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 1985
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,283,433.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Management Consulting Services
 Contacts Greg Sherwood                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1985, Quest Investment Management, Inc.                                                                                        has been providing Management Consulting Services from Portland. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Q

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














﻿

























Quest Investment Management LLC Has $4.77 Million Position in Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Newell Brands Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Newell Brands Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Analyzing Lindsay Corporation (LNN) and Toro Company (The) (TTC)
Comparing CU Bancorp (CA) (NASDAQ:CUNB) & Pacific Continental Corporation (Ore) (PCBK)
Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (NASDAQ:BWLD) Given New $135.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity
Saratoga Investment Corp (NYSE:SAR) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10
ICICI Bank Limited (NYSE:IBN) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16
Barclays PLC Cuts UBM Plc (LON:UBM) Price Target to GBX 740
Restoration Hardware Holdings (NYSE:RH) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.19
$0.09 EPS Expected for News Corporation (NWSA) This Quarter
Computacenter plc (LON:CCC) Lifted to Overweight at Barclays PLC
Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Ultra Electronics Holdings plc (LON:ULE)
OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (NYSE:OMN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) a €10.50 Price Target
Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (NYSE:PBR) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.14 Per Share
BMO Capital Markets () Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages
Tahoe Resources, Inc. (NYSE:TAHO) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Mastercard’s (MA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG
Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Burberry Group PLC (OTCMKTS:BURBY) Receives $26.00 Consensus PT from Analysts
Analysts Set Sanchez Production Partners LP (NYSEMKT:SPP) Price Target at $15.33
$0.28 EPS Expected for KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (KS) This Quarter


 


Quest Investment Management LLC Has $4.77 Million Position in Newell Brands Inc. (NWL)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 

Quest Investment Management LLC lowered its stake in Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) by 26.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 101,112 shares of the company’s stock after selling 36,874 shares during the period. Quest Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Newell Brands were worth $4,769,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Israel Discount Bank of New York acquired a new stake in shares of Newell Brands during the first quarter worth approximately $112,000. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Newell Brands during the first quarter worth $186,000. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 29.3% in the first quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 4,146 shares of the company’s stock worth $196,000 after buying an additional 940 shares during the last quarter. Zions Bancorporation boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 4,426 shares of the company’s stock worth $198,000 after buying an additional 68 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Global Financial Private Capital LLC purchased a new position in shares of Newell Brands during the first quarter worth $201,000. 94.23% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 




Shares of Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) traded down 0.17% on Wednesday, reaching $53.76. 2,600,556 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $53.39 and its 200 day moving average price is $49.43. The company has a market cap of $25.97 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.82 and a beta of 1.17. Newell Brands Inc. has a 12 month low of $43.43 and a 12 month high of $55.45. 


 Get Newell Brands Inc. alerts:



Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.34 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.05. Newell Brands had a return on equity of 11.07% and a net margin of 7.40%. The business had revenue of $3.27 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.23 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.40 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 148.4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Newell Brands Inc. will post $3.12 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: “Quest Investment Management LLC Has $4.77 Million Position in Newell Brands Inc. (NWL)” was first posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/19/newell-brands-inc-nwl-shares-sold-by-quest-investment-management-llc-updated-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages have commented on NWL. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Newell Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Saturday, July 1st. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $71.00 price target on shares of Newell Brands in a research note on Friday, April 14th. Wells Fargo & Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Saturday, April 22nd. UBS AG set a $60.00 target price on Newell Brands and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on Newell Brands from $61.00 to $65.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $58.56.
In related news, Director Thomas E. Clarke sold 5,353 shares of Newell Brands stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.49, for a total transaction of $280,978.97. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 66,286 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,479,352.14. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. 0.97% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
Newell Brands Company Profile
Newell Brands Inc is a marketer of consumer and commercial products. The Company’s segments include Writing, Home Solutions, Commercial Products, Baby & Parenting, Branded Consumables, Consumer Solutions, Outdoor Solutions and Process Solutions. Its products are marketed under a portfolio of brands, including Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, Expo, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Mr. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































Cameron Johnson | Quest Investment Management, Inc | Email CEO @questinvestment.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    Quest Investment Management, Inc





questinvestment.com





One SW Columbia St.                 
                 
Portland, OR 97258
Phone: 503-221-0158
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

20 - 49

Revenue: 

2.5 - 5 Million

Industry:  
                    Finance->Investment Bank/Brokerage                
SIC Code:  
                     8742  - Management Consulting Services
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











Show All Contract Management
Hardware
IDE








ACT!



ACT!
                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Hardware Development



Hardware Development
General Match



Software Development



Software Development
General Match



Sign up to see all












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All AudioVideo
CMS
eCommerce










MediaElement.js
Instead of offering an HTML5 player to modern browsers and a totally separate Flash player to older browsers, MediaElement.js upgrades them with custom Flash and Silverlight plugins that mimic the






WordPress
WordPress - popular blogging platform



woocommerce


woocommerce
woocommerce



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND







NO PRESS EVENTS







Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Cameron Johnson                                    

Title: CEO







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Monte Johnson                                    

Title: Chairman







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Gregory Sherwood                                    

Title: President







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Douglas Goebel                                    

Title: SVP








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Bradley Carter                                    

Title: VP







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Kevin Johnson                                    

Title: Executive Director







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Derek Ebel                                    

Title: Senior Vice President - Sector Portfolio Manager







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                7                                

                                    of 7 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Have you been searching for Quest Investment Management, Inc's contact information for hours? Have you been trying to find Quest Investment Management, Inc's domain format email  addresses?. Quest Investment Management, Inc is a Investment bank/brokerage and is based in Portland, OR and more information like linkedin facts, phone numbers, cfo executives and facebook profiles can be found within the Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@questinvestment.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Cameron Johnson
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Cameron Johnson?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Quest Investment Management, Inc email addresses within the @questinvestment.com profile so Cameron Johnson's email could be included.  Cameron Johnson is part of the Quest Investment Management, Inc which has its main offices in Portland, OR.  Currently holds the post of CEO.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Investment bank/brokerage industry.  Some possible email formats for Cameron Johnson are CJohnson@questinvestment.com, Cameron.Johnson@questinvestment.com, Cameron@questinvestment.com, and Cameron_Johnson@questinvestment.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@questinvestment.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Mazama Capital Management, Inc
Mazama Capital Management, Inc, a business led by CEO Ronald Sauer, is part of the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Mazama Capital Management, Inc email  with the @mazamacap.com format, you can check their Lead411 profile. They hold their main office in Portland, OR and more data like cfo contacts and linkedin data can be found within our profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mazamacap.com addresses.
Macadam Capital Partners
Macadam Capital Partners, is in the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Their main office can be found in Portland, OR, and they can be contacted through Macadam Capital Partners email using the domain @macadamcapital.com format, some important contact information like linkedin data, phone numbers, contacts for cfos, etc of which can be found on their Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@macadamcapital.com addresses.
Veber Partners
Veber Partners, a Investment bank/brokerage company, is based in Portland, OR. They can be reached through Veber Partners email format addresses indicated on their Lead411 profile with a domain of @veber.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@veber.com addresses.




Company Directory > Quest Investment Management, Inc






















	QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Trademark of Quest Investment Management, Inc.. Serial Number: 78671293 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT  Trademark Information
 Quest Investment Management, Inc.
Investment advisory services for managers of qualified retirement plans




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   advisory   services   managers   qualified   retirement   plans    
                                    




This is a brand page for the QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark by Quest Investment Management, Inc. 
                                in Portland, OR, 97258.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Quest Investment Management, Inc. of the QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark.
                           






On Friday, July 15, 2005,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT by 
                        Quest Investment Management, Inc., Portland, OR  97258.
                        The USPTO has given the QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  78671293.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            JERE M. WEBB of 
                                            STOEL RIVES LLP,  900 SW 5TH AVE STE 2600, PORTLAND, OR 97204-1268 
                                .
                            The QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT 
                            is Investment advisory services for managers of qualified retirement plans. 
                            





Word mark:
 QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

4/20/2007






  Serial Number:  
78671293


  Filing Date:  
7/15/2005


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Investment advisory services for managers of qualified retirement plans


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Quest Investment Management, Inc.Portland, OR  97258
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT")


 Correspondent:


JERE M. WEBB
STOEL RIVES LLP
900 SW 5TH AVE STE 2600
PORTLAND, OR 97204-1268






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
6/1/1985


First Use In Commerce: 
6/1/1985





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/20/2007
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JERE M. WEBB


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search questinvestmentmanag on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT 




QUEST INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT is providing Investment advisory services for managers of qualified retirement plans.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























About Us – Quest Investment Management


























































 











×
 









About Us“Clients don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care.”


Firm Overview





Quest Investment Management is an independently-owned investment advisor managing long-only growth equity portfolios for institutional clients. We are headquartered in Portland, Oregon and have managed institutional assets for over 30 years.
Quest is 100% employee owned and managed. Our ownership structure and culture ensure that our interests are aligned with those of our clients. The Firm was founded in 1985 and the core of the investment team has worked together since 1990.





Core Values





Consistency
Quest’s independent / employee-owned structure has fostered longevity and stability of the investment team and process.





Integrity
Always put the client first. “Clients don’t care what you know, until they know that you care.”





Excellence
Strive for superior results and provide exemplary service.



 
  
 
 
 
 



© 2016 Quest Investment Management, LLC



 
 













































Quest Investment Management LLC Invests $14.47 Million in Ecolab Inc. (ECL) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Ecolab Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ecolab Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Unilever plc (ULVR) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital					

Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Credit Suisse Group					

Rathbone Brothers plc (RAT) Price Target Increased to GBX 2,500 by Analysts at Barclays PLC					

Premier Foods Plc’s (LON:PFD) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group					

GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK) Receives Hold Rating from Shore Capital					

Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Price Target Raised to GBX 560 at Barclays PLC					

Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) a GBX 8,500 Price Target					

Petra Diamonds Limited (LON:PDL) PT Lowered to GBX 150 at Canaccord Genuity					

Mothercare plc (MTC) Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity					

Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Upgraded by Jefferies Group LLC to Buy					

easyJet plc (EZJ) Receives Sell Rating from Canaccord Genuity					

Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Price Target Raised to GBX 285 at Barclays PLC					

Beaufort Securities Cuts BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) Price Target to GBX 1,400					

BNP Paribas Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY)					

Carr's Group PLC (LON:CARR) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital					

Shore Capital Upgrades Connect Group PLC (CNCT) to Buy					

Whitman Howard Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Imperial Brands PLC (IMT)					

Wizz Air Holdings PLC (LON:WIZZ) Earns “Buy” Rating from Societe Generale					

Shire PLC (SHP) Given “Overweight” Rating at J P Morgan Chase & Co					

RPC Group PLC (RPC) Receives “Overweight” Rating from J P Morgan Chase & Co					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Quest Investment Management LLC Invests $14.47 Million in Ecolab Inc. (ECL)					

						 July 18th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Lindsey Winhoffer 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










Quest Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in  Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  acquired 115,464 shares of the basic materials company’s stock, valued at approximately $14,472,000. Ecolab accounts for approximately  2.0% of Quest Investment Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 17th largest position. 
A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of ECL. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of  Ecolab by 5.4% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 20,454,223 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $2,563,731,000 after buying an additional 1,044,370 shares during the period.  Alliancebernstein L.P. increased its position in shares of  Ecolab by 19.3% in the first quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 3,555,051 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $445,590,000 after buying an additional 574,200 shares during the last quarter.  AXA increased its position in shares of  Ecolab by 38.6% in the first quarter. AXA now owns 1,406,156 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $176,247,000 after buying an additional 391,686 shares during the last quarter.  C WorldWide Group Holding A S increased its position in shares of  Ecolab by 10.8% in the first quarter. C WorldWide Group Holding A S now owns 3,418,975 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $428,535,000 after buying an additional 333,261 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Swiss National Bank increased its position in shares of  Ecolab by 25.9% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 980,742 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $122,926,000 after buying an additional 201,700 shares during the last quarter. 75.71% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
Shares of Ecolab Inc. (ECL) opened at 132.17 on Tuesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $38.34 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.22 and a beta of 0.98. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $131.33 and a 200 day moving average of $125.10. Ecolab Inc. has a 12-month low of $110.65 and a 12-month high of $134.89. 




Ecolab (NYSE:ECL) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The basic materials company reported $0.80 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.01. Ecolab had a return on equity of 18.96% and a net margin of 9.47%. The company had revenue of $3.17 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.16 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.77 earnings per share. Ecolab’s revenue was up 2.2% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities analysts forecast that  Ecolab Inc. will post $4.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 17th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, June 20th were paid a $0.37 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Friday, June 16th. This represents a $1.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.12%. Ecolab’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 34.91%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was  reported by Watch List News and is the sole property of of Watch List News. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/quest-investment-management-llc-invests-14-47-million-in-ecolab-inc-ecl/1447980.html. 
A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on ECL. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $141.00 price target (up from $133.00) on shares of Ecolab in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. J P Morgan Chase & Co raised Ecolab from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $120.00 to $138.00 in a research report on Friday, May 26th. Canaccord Genuity  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $135.00 price target on shares of Ecolab in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Instinet raised Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $99.00 to $118.00 in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Nomura raised Ecolab from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $99.00 to $118.00 in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. Ecolab presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $129.79.
In other Ecolab news, EVP Stephen M. Taylor sold 23,151 shares of Ecolab stock in a transaction on Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $133.06, for a total value of $3,080,472.06. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 44,466 shares in the company, valued at $5,916,645.96. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, SVP Bruno Lavandier sold 1,000 shares of Ecolab stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $133.52, for a total transaction of $133,520.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 8,922 shares in the company, valued at $1,191,265.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 44,810 shares of company stock worth $5,897,361. 1.49% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Ecolab Company Profile
Ecolab Inc provides water, hygiene and energy technologies and services. The Company’s cleaning and sanitizing programs and products, pest elimination services and equipment maintenance and repair services support customers in the foodservice, food and beverage processing, hospitality, healthcare, government and education, retail, textile care and commercial facilities management sectors in over 170 countries.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ECL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL).



Receive News & Ratings for Ecolab Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ecolab Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Lindsey Winhoffer 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 





















































Douglas Goebel | Quest Investment Management, Inc | Email @questinvestment.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Douglas Goebel

 Quest Investment Management, Inc  SVP


Updated On : 
                    Nov 04, 2016                            

export

















One SW Columbia St.

Portland, OR 97258


Email format for @questinvestment.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
20 - 49

Revenue:  
2.5 - 5 Million

Industry:  
                        Finance->Investment Bank/Brokerage                    
SIC Code:  
                         8742  - Management Consulting Services








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Douglas Goebel is the current SVP. You can find Douglas Goebel's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Quest Investment Management, Inc's Lead411 profile, as well as Quest Investment Management, Inc email addresses with the @questinvestment.com domain format. Douglas Goebel's email may or may not be inside the profile.  Quest Investment Management, Inc is situated in Portland, OR. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Investment bank/brokerage.  Some possible email formats for Douglas Goebel are DGoebel@questinvestment.com, Douglas.Goebel@questinvestment.com, Douglas@questinvestment.com, and Douglas_Goebel@questinvestment.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@questinvestment.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Douglas G - Other
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Douglas G?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also American Express Company email addresses within the @americanexpress.com profile so Douglas G's email could be included.  Douglas G is part of the American Express Company which has its main offices in New York, NY.  Currently holds the post of Product Transformation Strategy & Innovation.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Financial services industry.  Some possible email formats for Douglas G are DG@americanexpress.com, Douglas.G@americanexpress.com, Douglas@americanexpress.com, and Douglas_G@americanexpress.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@americanexpress.com addresses.
Douglas G. Smith - Other
For Kennickell Packaging email addresses with the @kennickell.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Douglas G. Smith, you may check in Kennickell Packaging's Lead411 profile. Douglas G. Smith is currently the Founding Principal for Kennickell Packaging. The company's CEO is . The contact information of Kennickell Packaging on Lead411 is filed under the Publishing. Their main offices are in Savannah, GA.  Some possible email formats for Douglas G. Smith are DG. Smith@kennickell.com, Douglas.G. Smith@kennickell.com, Douglas@kennickell.com, and Douglas_G. Smith@kennickell.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@kennickell.com addresses.
Douglas Gabel - Executive
Located in Dallas, TX J.C. Penney Company, Inc has Douglas Gabel serving as the organization's store manager. Need Douglas Gabel's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in J.C. Penney Company, Inc Lead411 profile, along with their J.C. Penney Company, Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for J.C. Penney Company, Inc on Lead411 under the Information services industry.  Some possible email formats for Douglas Gabel are DGabel@jcpenney.com, Douglas.Gabel@jcpenney.com, Douglas@jcpenney.com, and Douglas_Gabel@jcpenney.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@jcpenney.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Monte Johnson - Executive
Quest Investment Management, Inc's Chairman is Monte Johnson. They are based in Portland, OR, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Investment bank/brokerage industry. Monte Johnson's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Quest Investment Management, Inc contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @questinvestment.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Monte Johnson are MJohnson@questinvestment.com, Monte.Johnson@questinvestment.com, Monte@questinvestment.com, and Monte_Johnson@questinvestment.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@questinvestment.com addresses.
Gregory Sherwood - Executive
A Portland, OR-based organization, Quest Investment Management, Inc is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @questinvestment.com email addresses, as well as details on Gregory Sherwood's email, the organization's President. Their profile can be found in Investment bank/brokerage category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Gregory Sherwood, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Gregory Sherwood are GSherwood@questinvestment.com, Gregory.Sherwood@questinvestment.com, Gregory@questinvestment.com, and Gregory_Sherwood@questinvestment.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@questinvestment.com addresses.
Cameron Johnson - Executive
Trying to find Cameron Johnson's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Quest Investment Management, Inc's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @questinvestment.com contact information.  Quest Investment Management, Inc is an organization centered in Portland, OR, which you can find on Lead411 under the Investment bank/brokerage category.  Cameron Johnson is their CEO.  Some possible email formats for Cameron Johnson are CJohnson@questinvestment.com, Cameron.Johnson@questinvestment.com, Cameron@questinvestment.com, and Cameron_Johnson@questinvestment.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@questinvestment.com addresses.

People Directory > Douglas Goebel

























Product Quest | Our products will not rest until they reach you.

























 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 



















 

 
 






 

 
 






 

 
 






 

 
 






 

 
 






 

 
 
 
 
 





You're in good company.
						

For over two decades, Product Quest Manufacturing has been helping retailers and brand developers reach impossible goals. It starts with passionate people armed with smart technology. But that’s just the beginning. Whether we’re accelerating formula development or improving the bottom line, Product Quest pledges the most efficient end-to-end contract manufacturing suite of services in the industry today. Learn more.

 
 
 



 
 
 




“Product Quest is an FDA registered facility that manufactures products under the Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) compliance. We have an outstanding professional management team with extensive experience in the industry.”
Regina Lim,VP, PQ R&D
Click here to read the full conversation.

 
 


					

Whether we’re helping customers reinvigorate brands with innovation, formulate to specific performance elements, or extend existing technology, Product Quest’s R&D labs have the depth of expertise to solve any challenge. Learn more about PQ’s Research and Development.

 
 




 
 
 









 

 
 
 
 
 






 


					

From life-improving OTC health products to elite beauty brands, more than 75 million units move through our manufacturing operations annually. See how our best-in-class manufacturing suites deliver quality and efficiency for customers. Learn more about PQ’s Manufacturing Operations.

 
 


“We manufacture over-the-counter drug products, cosmetic products, as well as Rx/prescription drug products. Basically if it goes on your skin, we make it.”
Matt Hewitt,SVP, Contract Sales
Click here to read the full conversation.

 
 
 
 




“We manufacture over-the-counter drug products, cosmetic products, as well as Rx/prescription drug products. Basically if it goes on your skin, we make it.”
Matt Hewitt,SVP, Contract Sales
Click here to read the full conversation.

 
 


					

From life-improving OTC health products to elite beauty brands, more than 75 million units move through our manufacturing operations annually. See how our best-in-class manufacturing suites deliver quality and efficiency for customers. Learn more about PQ’s Manufacturing Operations.

 
 




 
 
 




					

It’s one thing to log extraordinary growth. It’s quite another to evolve. With each customer and every formula, Product Quest transforms, becoming smarter, quicker and more proficient than ever. See the extraordinary growth we’ve experienced so far – in technical expertise, manufacturing capacity, and in our diverse, talented workforce.


				
 
 




 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 














