    Tom Quinly | Curtiss-Wright Controls , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 



Thomas P. "Tom" Quinly , Curtiss-Wright Corporation - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Thomas P. "Tom" Quinly  
Chief Operating OfficerCurtiss-Wright Corporation
Telephone, Email, Address, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
President,  , Curtiss-Wright Controls, Inc. , (2008-2013) 
(4 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership® Companies Premium The Leadership Library® Leadership Networks®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            







Thomas Quinly, Curtiss-Wright Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Thomas Quinly

VP/COO,
Curtiss-Wright Corp






Career History




VP/COO
Curtiss-Wright Corp, 10/2013-PRESENT


Vice President
Curtiss-Wright Corp, 11/2010-10/2013


Pres:Wright Controls
Curtiss-Wright Corp, 11/2008-11/2010


Senior VP:Embedded Computing
Curtiss-Wright Controls Inc, 2004-11/2008


President
Dy4 Systems, UNKNOWN-2004


President
Curtiss-Wright Controls Inc, 11/2008-UNKNOWN


Pres:Embedded Computing
Curtiss-Wright Controls Inc, FORMER



Lockheed-Martin, FORMER



Alliedsignal Aerospace Service Corp, FORMER



Advanced Technology Laboratories, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.curtisswright.com






Corporate Information
Address:

13925 Ballantyne Corporate Pla
Suite 400
Charlotte, NC 28277
United States


Phone:
1-704-869-4600


Fax:
1-973-541-3699


Web url:
www.curtisswright.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Utah State University
Bachelor's Degree, Science


St Edward's University
Master's Degree, Business Administration








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Acquisition by Quinly Tom P of 3790 shares of CurtissWright subject to Rule 16b 3 | CW - Macroaxis



































































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising








  97.22  1.22%   Follow Agilent TechnologiesSensata TechnologiesFLIR SystemsDavid AdamsHarry JakubowitzK Farkas






World
US



















Curtiss Wright Story

























			Equity Search



			 Company Directory




			 Suggest Portfolio



		   Backtest Watchlist



		  Analyze Correlations



			View Transactions



		   Check Volatility




			 Import Equities








 Summary Performance Fundamentals Technicals Recommendation  Profile Essentials Valuation Headlines Leaders Hype Analysis DiagnosticsDashboard










	Upgrade to remove ads 







Curtiss Wright Corporation  USD 97.22  1.17  1.22% Macroaxis does not  monitor all media channels or aggregates social signals for Curtiss Wright. But even though we do not provide professional-grade financial sentiment analysis on Curtiss Wright, we do publish noise-free headlines that can be used to derive useful patterns or even a trading strategy for Curtiss Wright. Check also Curtiss Wright Hype Analysis, Curtiss Wright Correlation and Curtiss Wright Performance

Acquisition by Quinly Tom P of 3790 shares of CurtissWright subject to Rule 16b-3At macroaxis.comMay 22, 2017Filed transaction by Curtiss Wright Corp officer. Grant, award or other acquisition pursuant to Rule 16b-3Published over two months agoView all stories for Curtiss Wright | Curtiss Wright Hype AnalysisCurtissWright Corporation insider trading alert for grant of restricted stock unit by Quinly Tom P, Vice President, on May 22, 2017. This event was filed by Curtiss Wright Corp with SEC on 2016-11-18. Statement of changes in beneficial ownership - SEC Form 4Cash Floor CorrelationCash Beginning of YearCash End of YearCapital ExpenditureShare Based CompensationCash Beginning of Year0.67-0.38-0.34Cash End of Year0.67-0.43-0.37Capital Expenditure-0.38-0.43-0.33Share Based Compensation-0.34-0.37-0.33Click cells to compare fundamentals   View All CorrelationsStory MomentumThis story from MacroaxisInsider reported on May 22, 2017 contributed to the next trading day price increase.The overall trading delta to the next closing price was 1.22% . The overall trading delta when the story was published to the current price is 16.24% . Similar stores for Curtiss Wright2 days ago at http://www.nasdaq.com Curtiss-Wright Corp. Q2 Profit Climbs 27- Curtiss-Wright Corp. announced earnings for its second quarter that advanced compared to the same period last year.MomentumView Storyover a month ago at www.macroaxis.com Exercise or conversion by Glenn Tynan of 5672 shares of CurtissWright subject to Rule 16b-3Filed transaction by Curtiss Wright Corp officer. Exercise or conversion of derivative security exempted pursuant to Rule 16b-3MomentumView Storyover a month ago at www.macroaxis.com Sale by S Fuller of 1300 shares of Curtiss WrightFiled transaction by Curtiss Wright Corp director. General	open market or private sale of non-derivative or derivative securityMomentumView Story




Did you try this?Run Price Transformation Now   Price TransformationUse Price Transformation models to analyze depth of different equity instruments across global marketsHide  View All  Next  Launch Price TransformationRetained EarningsRetained Earnings Comparative Analysis  Retained Earnings       Curtiss Wright Comparables Curtiss Wright is rated fifth  in retained earnings category among related companies. Retained Earnings is a balance sheet account that refers to the portion of company income that is retained by the firm. In other words it is a part of earnings that is not paid out as dividends or otherwise distributed to owners. Retained Earnings are calculated by adding net income to last period retained earnings and subtracting any dividends paid to owners.More...PeersYour Trending Equities
BBY 
2.66 %   
0%


65.0%

Best Buy Profile Best Buy Dashboard Best Buy Technical analysis Backtest Best Buy Best Buy News Timeline Best Buy Analyst Consensus Best Buy Fundamentals Trends 

EPE 
2.54 %   
0%


62.0%

EP Energy Profile EP Energy Dashboard EP Energy Technical analysis Backtest EP Energy EP Energy News Timeline EP Energy Analyst Consensus EP Energy Fundamentals Trends 

CVX 
0.94 %   
0%


22.0%

Chevron Profile Chevron Dashboard Chevron Technical analysis Backtest Chevron Chevron News Timeline Chevron Analyst Consensus Chevron Fundamentals Trends 

CVS 
0.80 %   
0%


19.0%

CVS Health Profile CVS Health Dashboard CVS Health Technical analysis Backtest CVS Health CVS Health Analyst Consensus CVS Health Fundamentals Trends 

HD 
0.71 %   
0%


17.0%

Home Depot Profile Home Depot Dashboard Home Depot Technical analysis Backtest Home Depot Home Depot News Timeline Home Depot Analyst Consensus Home Depot Fundamentals Trends 

INTC 
0.63 %   
0%


15.0%

Intel Profile Intel Dashboard Intel Technical analysis Backtest Intel Intel News Timeline Intel Analyst Consensus Intel Fundamentals Trends 

HY 
0.61 %   
0%


14.0%

Hyster Yale Profile Hyster Yale Dashboard Hyster Yale Technical analysis Backtest Hyster Yale Hyster Yale News Timeline Hyster Yale Analyst Consensus Hyster Yale Fundamentals Trends 

IBM 
0.20 %   

4.0%


0%
International Business Profile International Business Dashboard International Business Technical analysis Backtest International Business International Business News Timeline International Business Analyst Consensus International Business Fundamentals Trends 

C 
0.56 %   

13.0%


0%
Citigroup Profile Citigroup Dashboard Citigroup Technical analysis Backtest Citigroup Citigroup News Timeline Citigroup Analyst Consensus Citigroup Fundamentals Trends 

AA 
0.74 %   

18.0%


0%
Alcoa Profile Alcoa Dashboard Alcoa Technical analysis Backtest Alcoa Alcoa News Timeline Alcoa Analyst Consensus Alcoa Fundamentals Trends 

XCAPX 
0.94 %   

22.0%


0%
ACAP Strategic Profile ACAP Strategic Dashboard ACAP Strategic Technical analysis Backtest ACAP Strategic 

PAA 
1.80 %   

44.0%


0%
Plains All Profile Plains All Dashboard Plains All Technical analysis Backtest Plains All Plains All News Timeline Plains All Analyst Consensus Plains All Fundamentals Trends 

AAPL 
1.89 %   

46.0%


0%
Apple Profile Apple Dashboard Apple Technical analysis Backtest Apple Apple News Timeline Apple Analyst Consensus Apple Fundamentals Trends 

AAL 
1.98 %   

48.0%


0%
American Airlines Profile American Airlines Dashboard American Airlines Technical analysis Backtest American Airlines American Airlines News Timeline American Airlines Analyst Consensus American Airlines Fundamentals Trends 

S 
4.09 %   

100.0%


0%
Sprint Profile Sprint Dashboard Sprint Technical analysis Backtest Sprint Sprint News Timeline Sprint Analyst Consensus Sprint Fundamentals Trends 







Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	
































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets
















































Thomas P. Quinly - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Thomas P. Quinly
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Curtiss-Wright Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Thomas P. Quinly? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas P. Quinly's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas P. Quinly's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas P. Quinly's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas P. Quinly through your network of contacts.
												








Thomas P. Quinly's Executive Work History


Current


Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, 
Curtiss-Wright Corporation


Past
To view Thomas P. Quinly's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
58

 
 


Thomas P. Quinly's Biography




			Vice President of the Corporation since November 2010 and Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation since October 2013. He also served as President of Curtiss-Wright Controls, Inc. from November 2008.
		
Source: Curtiss-Wright Corporation on 02/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas P. Quinly's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Thomas P. Quinly. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas P. Quinly's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas P. Quinly's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas P. Quinly through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Thomas P. Quinly


















Thomas P. Quinly's Connections (30)





Sign up now to view Thomas P. Quinly's 30 connections »









Glenn E. Tynan
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Curtiss-Wright Corporation









S. Marce Fuller
Lead Independent Director, Curtiss-Wright Corporation









Peter C. Wallace
Chairman, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.









Rita J. Heise
Board Member, Fastenal Company









Michael J. Denton
Former Vice President, Secretary, and General Counsel, Curtiss-Wright Corporation









David C. Adams
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Curtiss-Wright Corporation









Martin R. Benante
Former Executive Chairman, Curtiss-Wright Corporation









Harry Jakubowitz
Vice President and Treasurer, Curtiss-Wright Corporation









Paul J. Ferdenzi
Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation









Mark S. Koenen
Former Vice President, Sales and Marketing, Williams Controls








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Quinly Tom P Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Quinly Tom P
                    

•   PARSIPPANY, NJ
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Quinly TOM P is based out of Parsippany.    WhaleWisdom has at least 8 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Quinly TOM P. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Quinly Tom P, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




quinly tom p


C/O CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATION

PARSIPPANY
NJ
                                                        
                                                    07054


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      9735413700
SEC SIC CODE:3590-MISC INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 02/10/2017
4 filed on 11/18/2016
4 filed on 11/16/2016
4 filed on 08/19/2016
4 filed on 06/13/2016
4 filed on 05/13/2016
4 filed on 02/18/2016
4 filed on 12/22/2015
4 filed on 11/25/2015
4 filed on 11/05/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















	Curtiss-Wright Corporation - Curtiss-Wright Names Thomas P. Quinly Chief Operating Officer






































    
    Menu 



Search

















Contact Us
|
Careers
|
Employees










News Details




Home / News / Press Releases / News Details








Curtiss-Wright Names Thomas P. Quinly Chief Operating Officer


October 31, 2013

Download this Press Release ()


PARSIPPANY, N.J., Oct. 31, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW) today announced the promotion of
Thomas P. Quinly
to the position of Chief Operating Officer, effective immediately. He is succeeding
David C. Adams
who was recently promoted to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of Curtiss-Wright Corporation.

Mr. Quinly has more than 30 years of experience across the defense, aerospace and commercial industries. Since joining Curtiss-Wright, Mr. Quinly has managed an extensive product portfolio within the core markets of defense, commercial aerospace and general industrial and has solidified market leadership positions in the embedded computing, position sensing, actuation and controls markets. Most recently, he led Curtiss-Wright's Controls segment, successfully achieving strong organic growth, consistently expanding operating margins and enhancing the global product portfolio with 16 acquisitions.

"I am pleased to announce the well-deserved promotion of
Tom Quinly
as Curtiss-Wright's next Chief Operating Officer," said
David C. Adams
, President and CEO of Curtiss-Wright Corporation. "Tom possesses a unique combination of senior management experience, leadership ability and technical expertise that have enabled him to consistently lead his team in delivering strong operating results for Curtiss-Wright. I am confident his knowledge, resourcefulness and energy will help bring Curtiss-Wright to new levels of excellence in margin expansion and operational excellence."

Mr. Quinly will report directly to Mr. Adams. Reporting to Mr. Quinly will be the VP/General Managers of the operating segments. 

For the five years prior to his new position, Mr. Quinly has been President of the Controls' segment of Curtiss-Wright Corporation with overall responsibility for the segments' strategic goals, technology development, global operations and financial performance. During his tenure, annual segment sales grew to $875 million (based on current fiscal year 2013 guidance) from $597 million.

Mr. Quinly joined Curtiss-Wright in March 2004 with its acquisition of Dy4 where he held the position of President.   Shortly after the acquisition, Tom assumed the position of President, Embedded Computing group within the Controls segment.  In this position, he was responsible for integrating the embedded computing business units under a cohesive brand in the defense market. Previously, he held various operating and leadership positions with leading defense electronics companies, including Lockheed-Martin, Allied Signal Aerospace and Advanced Technology Laboratories. 

Mr. Quinly holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from Utah State University and a Masters Degree in Business Administration from St. Edwards University. He completed the Harvard Business School's General Managers Program in 2001.

About Curtiss-Wright Corporation

Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW) is an innovative engineering company that provides highly engineered, critical function products, systems and services in the areas of flow control, motion control and surface treatment technologies to the defense, energy and commercial/ industrial markets. The legacy company of
Glenn Curtiss
and the Wright brothers, Curtiss-Wright has a long tradition of design and manufacturing innovation and prides itself on long-standing customer relationships. The company employs approximately 10,000 people worldwide. For more information, visit curtisswright2014.q4web.com.
CONTACT: Jim Ryan
         (973) 541-3766





Source: Curtiss-Wright Corporation















BACK TO TOP




        © 2017 Curtiss-Wright Corporation  I  Terms of Use  I  Sitemap



DESIGNED BY MENTUS



Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5













