

RA Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:30 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of RA Capital Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
RA Capital Management, LLC is a principal investment firm specializing in investments in public and private healthcare and life-sciences companies that are developing drugs, medical devices, and diagnostics. The firm leads private, IPO, and follow-on financings for its portfolio companies. It typically invests in prevention and cures; cost effective diagnostics and interventions; genetic testing and personalized medicine; nurse-enabling technologies; patient / physician convenience; and small-molecule replacements for biologics. RA Capital Management, LLC was founded in 2001 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.


20 Park PlazaSuite 1200Boston, MA 02116United StatesFounded in 2001



Phone: 617-778-2500

www.racap.com







Key Executives for RA Capital Management, LLC




Dr. Peter Kolchinsky Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder, Managing General Partner, General Partner, Founding Member, MD, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 40
        







Mr. Kai Wu


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Ms. Amanda Daniels


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Rajeev Shah


      	Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 40
        







Dr. Andrew Levin Ph.D., M.D.


      	Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

RA Capital Management, LLC Key Developments

RA Capital Management, LLC Presents at Context Summits Europe 2017, May-07-2017
May 4 17
RA Capital Management, LLC Presents at Context Summits Europe 2017, May-07-2017 . Venue: Hotel W Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain.


RA Capital Management, LLC Presents at Sachs Associates 10th Annual European Life Sciences CEO Forum & Exhibition, Mar-06-2017 09:05 AM
Mar 3 17
RA Capital Management, LLC Presents at Sachs Associates 10th Annual European Life Sciences CEO Forum & Exhibition, Mar-06-2017 09:05 AM. Venue: Hilton Zurich Airport Hotel, Hohenbuehlstrasse 10, Opfikon-Glattbrugg 8152 Zurich, Switzerland. Speakers: Peter Kolchinsky, Co-Founder, Managing General Partner, General Partner, Founding Member, Managing Director, and Portfolio Manager.


RA Capital Management, LLC Presents at 5th Annual Cancer BioPartnering & Investment Forum, Mar-28-2017 10:15 AM
Oct 19 16
RA Capital Management, LLC Presents at 5th Annual Cancer BioPartnering & Investment Forum, Mar-28-2017 10:15 AM. Venue: New York Academy of Sciences, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Peter Kolchinsky, Co-Founder, Managing General Partner, General Partner, Founding Member, Managing Director, and Portfolio Manager.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      June 9, 2017
			    
Alcobra Ltd.



Merger/Acquisition

			      April 18, 2017
			    
Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc.



Private Placement

			      March 30, 2017
			    
Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RA Capital Management, LLC, please visit www.racap.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Roth v. Ra Capital Management, LLC et al































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










October 28, 2014
Roth v. Ra Capital Management, LLC et al



Track this case


Case Number:
1:14-cv-08594
Court:
New York Southern
Nature of Suit:
Securities/Commodities
Multi Party Litigation:
Derivative Litigation
Judge:
Paul A. Crotty
Firms

Hogan Lovells
Kornstein Veisz
Ostrager Chong
WilmerHale

Companies

Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Sectors & Industries:


Healthcare

Biotechnology










View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In



















Ra Capital Management, LLC                                                                                               - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Investment offices, Nec



Management Investment Funds, Closed-end



                            Ra Capital Management, LLC
                                    



 





















R 


Ra Capital Management, LLC                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



20 PARK PLZ STE 905 BOSTON, MA 02116
Get Directions



(617) 778-2500
www.racap.com                                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated MA
 Annual Revenue $1,443,579.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Management Investment Funds, Closed-end
 Contacts Peter Koechley                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2004, Ra Capital Management, Llc                                                                                               has been providing Management Investment Funds, Closed-end from Boston. Ra Capital Management, Llc                                                                                               is incorporated in Massachusetts. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























RA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






RA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC






20 PARK PLAZA, SUITE 1200, BOSTON,  Massachusetts, 02116, (617) 778-2500


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
32


New Positions
5


Increased Positions
7


Decreased Positions
13


Positions with Activity
20


Sold Out Positions
8


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
807



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy



Basic Materials



Industrials



Consumer Cyclicals



Consumer Non-Cyclicals



Financials



Healthcare
100%


Technology



Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






32 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



ASCENDIS PHARMA A S
SPONSORED ADR
152,399

New
5,409,990


WAVE LIFE SCIENCES LTD
SHS
150,634

New
7,088,651


AVEXIS INC
COM
147,293
-24,070
(14.05)
1,625,211


ACHILLION PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
57,260

New
13,633,220


ESPERION THERAPEUTICS INC NEW
COM
34,988
34,988
New
704,701


AQUINOX PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
32,280
-117
(0.36)
2,184,047


ZOGENIX INC
COM NEW
31,498

New
2,451,237


MYOVANT SCIENCES LTD
COM
28,275
10,215
56.56
2,348,422


LOXO ONCOLOGY INC
COM
22,256
22,256
New
298,935


RA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
20,750

New
1,351,808


BIOCRYST PHARMACEUTICALS
COM
17,554
2,515
16.72
3,489,795


BEIGENE LTD
SPONSORED ADR
17,095

New
240,000


CALITHERA BIOSCIENCES INC
COM
11,491
11,491
New
725,000


AUDENTES THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
11,058

New
532,426


ACORDA THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
11,046
11,046
New
489,828


DICERNA PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
9,666

New
2,428,571


FOAMIX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD
SHS
9,501

New
1,820,138


IGNYTA INC
COM
9,433
9,433
New
1,025,291


PROTAGONIST THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
8,659
-766
(8.13)
636,248


TG THERAPEUTICS INC
COM
8,260
-3,591
(30.3)
700,000




<< first< previous12next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Merck profit tops estimates as Keytruda sales surge
                        



	                     7:12AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wall Street braces for end of Snap share lockup
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            DSP Group to Participate at the Canaccord Genuity Growth Conference
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            KVH Industries to Host Second Quarter Conference Call on August 2, 2017
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            WisdomTree Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results
                        



	                     7:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































TechAtlas - Racapital
TechAtlas - Racapital















































ABOUT US
TEAM
TECHATLAS
VENTURE
CONTACT
OUTREACH



















Menu

×

ABOUT US
TEAM
TECHATLAS
VENTURE
CONTACT
OUTREACH














MAPS
OVERVIEW
FAQ
JOIN US














In a world flooded with data,
WE PROVIDE CONTEXT AND UNDERSTANDING.



ZIONNATIONAL PARKUTAH 














SHOW ALL AREAS





see our full catalog

 ×


 








Functional Mitral Regurgitation
Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (PAH)





Acne/Rosacea
Aesthetics





Immune GI Disorders
Lower GI Disorders
Non-Viral Liver Disease





Gene Therapy: Capabilities





Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH)
Overactive Bladder (OAB)





Allergy
Atopic Dermatitis
Complement System
Lupus
Multiple Sclerosis
Osteoarthritis
Psoriasis
Rheumatoid Arthritis





Antibiotics: ABSSSI
Antibiotics: Pneumonia
Antifungals: Fungal Infections
Hepatitis B Virus
Hepatitis C Virus
Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Prophylactic Vaccines





Obesity
Type 1 Diabetes
Type 2 Diabetes





Migraine
Opioids
Parkinson's Disease
Psychiatry: Mood Disorders
Psychiatry: Neurobehavioral Disorders
Psychiatry: Schizophrenia





Front of the Eye
Retina
Inflammation





Anti-Angiogenesis
Cancer Metabolism
Cell Replication
Epigenetics
Growth Signaling
Immuno-Oncology
Immuno-Oncology: Cancer Vaccines
Metastasis





Acute Myeloid Leukemia
B-Cell Malignancies
Multiple Myeloma
Myelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS)
Myeloproliferative Neoplasms (MPN)





Bladder Cancer
Breast Cancer
Colorectal Cancer
Glioblastoma
Hepatocellular Carcinoma
Melanoma
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
Ovarian Cancer
Pancreatic Cancer
Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors
Prostate Cancer
Renal Cell Carcinoma
Small Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC)





Orphan: Complement
Orphan: Extracellular Factors 
Orphan: Gain of Function
Orphan: Hematopoietic
Orphan: Lysosomal





Chronic Kidney Disease





Fertility
Menopause and Perimenopause
Reproductive System Disorders





Asthma
COPD
Cystic Fibrosis





Abbvie
Abbvie: Oncology & Immunology
Alexion
Biomarin
Bristol-Myers Squibb
Gilead
GSK 1
GSK 2
Novartis
Novartis: Oncology
Novo Nordisk
Pfizer: Oncology & Rare Diseases
Pfizer 2
Roche
Roche: Oncology
Sanofi 1
Sanofi 2
Shire
Teva





 








 Cardiovscular  System DisordersFunctional Mitral RegurgitationPulmonary Arterial Hypertension (PAH) DermatologyAcne/RosaceaAesthetics Digestive System DisordersImmune GI DisordersLower GI DisordersNon-Viral Liver Disease Gene Therapy: CapabilitiesGene Therapy: Capabilities GenitourinaryBenign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH)Overactive Bladder (OAB) Immune System DisordersAllergyAtopic DermatitisComplement SystemLupusMultiple SclerosisOsteoarthritisPsoriasisRheumatoid Arthritis Infectious DiseasesAntibiotics: ABSSSIAntibiotics: PneumoniaAntifungals: Fungal InfectionsHepatitis B VirusHepatitis C VirusHuman Immunodeficiency VirusProphylactic Vaccines Metabolic DisordersObesityType 1 DiabetesType 2 Diabetes Nervous System DisordersMigraineOpioidsParkinson's DiseasePsychiatry: Mood DisordersPsychiatry: Neurobehavioral DisordersPsychiatry: Schizophrenia Ocular DisordersFront of the EyeRetinaInflammation Onocology: CapabilitiesAnti-AngiogenesisCancer MetabolismCell ReplicationEpigeneticsGrowth SignalingImmuno-OncologyImmuno-Oncology: Cancer VaccinesMetastasis Oncology: Hematologic MalignanciesAcute Myeloid LeukemiaB-Cell MalignanciesMultiple MyelomaMyelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS)Myeloproliferative Neoplasms (MPN) Oncology: Solid MalignanciesBladder CancerBreast CancerColorectal CancerGlioblastomaHepatocellular CarcinomaMelanomaNon-Small Cell Lung CancerOvarian CancerPancreatic CancerPancreatic Neuroendocrine TumorsProstate CancerRenal Cell CarcinomaSmall Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC) Orphan Diseases: Heritable Genetic DisordersOrphan: ComplementOrphan: Extracellular Factors Orphan: Gain of FunctionOrphan: HematopoieticOrphan: Lysosomal Renal System DisordersChronic Kidney Disease Reproductive System DisordersFertilityMenopause and PerimenopauseReproductive System Disorders Respiratory System DisordersAsthmaCOPDCystic Fibrosis Strategy MapsAbbvieAbbvie: Oncology & ImmunologyAlexionBiomarinBristol-Myers SquibbGileadGSK 1GSK 2NovartisNovartis: OncologyNovo NordiskPfizer: Oncology & Rare DiseasesPfizer 2RocheRoche: OncologySanofi 1Sanofi 2ShireTeva






 

































Functional Mitral Regurgitation Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (PAH)




















Acne/RosaceaAesthetics























Immune GI DisordersLower GI DisordersNon-Viral Liver Disease

















Gene Therapy: Capabilities




















Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH)Overactive Bladder (OAB)



































Antibiotics: ABSSSI Antibiotics: Pneumonia Antifungals: Fungal InfectionsHepatitis B VirusHepatitis C VirusHuman Immunodeficiency VirusProphylactic Vaccines









































AllergyAtopic DermatitisComplement SystemImmune GI DisordersLupusMultiple SclerosisOsteoarthritisPsoriasisRheumatoid Arthritis























ObesityType 1 DiabetesType 2 Diabetes
































Migraine OpioidsParkinson's DiseasePsychiatry: Mood DisordersPsychiatry: Neurobehavioral DisordersPsychiatry: Schizophrenia























Front of the EyeRetinaInflammation






































Anti-AngiogenesisCancer MetabolismCell ReplicationEpigeneticsGrowth SignalingImmuno-OncologyImmuno-Oncology: Cancer VaccinesMetastasis





























Acute Myeloid Leukemia B-Cell Malignancies Multiple MyelomaMyelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS)Myeloproliferative (MPN)





















































Bladder CancerBreast Cancer Colorectal Cancer Glioblastoma Hepatocellular Carcinoma Melanoma Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Ovarian CancerPancreatic Cancer Pancreatic Neuroendocrine TumorsProstate Cancer Renal Cell CarcinomaSmall Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC)





























Orphan: Complement Orphan: Extracellular Factors Orphan: Gain of Function Orphan: Hematopoietic  Orphan: Lysosomal Proteins

















Chronic Kidney Disease























FertilityMenopause and PerimenopauseReproductive System Disorders























AsthmaCOPDCystic Fibrosis







































































AbbvieAbbvie: Oncology + ImmunologyAlexionBiomarinBristol-Myers SquibbGileadGSK 1GSK 2NovartisNovartis: OncologyNovo NordiskPfizer: Oncology & Rare DiseasesPfizer 2RocheRoche: OncologySanofiSanofi 2ShireTeva


















 OVERVIEW
TOP





TechAtlas is a division of RA Capital that functions as an internal think tank, analyzing scientific and clinical data from academic literature and the thousands of industry product development programs we track to answer the following questions that we expect would be of interest to industry stakeholders, as well as policy makers, physicians, and patients:



LANDSCAPE

For a given disease, what is the current treatment paradigm, what are all the technologies in development, and how are they similar, different, and possibly complementary to one another?
We answer this question with a dendrogram (i.e. mindmap) at the heart of every map which clearly presents the range of technologies that are likely to impact a disease within the foreseeable future.

DIRECTION

What might the standard of care look like in 5 years and even 10 years given the probabilities of success of various technologies and their relative efficacies, safety profiles, tolerability, and cost? How can companies “skate to where the puck is going to be”?
The answer to these questions helps define the development path and clinical trial designs that will prove that a drug, device, or diagnostic should be incorporated not into today’s standard of care but into the one that will exist when the technology is actually coming to market. This analysis also predicts which technologies may theoretically be left behind and the course corrections that might enable companies to “future-proof” themselves against shifts in the competitive landscape and unmet needs.

END-GAME

Given the underlying genetic and biochemical etiologies of a disease, which technologies may be necessary to prevent, cure, or at least best manage a disease, and which technologies are aiming for lesser goals (e.g. sub-optimally managing a disease)?
Answer: We believe that companies should define themselves by the problem they aim to solve, which requires a technology-agnostic approach to clinical development. Therefore, the answer to this question not only guides our investments but also enables our portfolio companies and drug hunters (e.g. EIRs and Advisors) to understand which technologies they can license and develop to make sure that they are always working towards the most competitive target product profile.

INCUMBENTS/DISRUPTORS

Which companies currently profit from the standard of care in a given disease area, how are they vulnerable to disruptions, and what should they be doing to future-proof their market position if not strengthen it? Are there technologies that they should be developing or companies they should be partnering with or acquiring? Which smaller companies can cater to the strategic needs of the incumbents?
Answer: Addressing these strategic questions is relatively straightforward once we have constructed a map, showing us who we should introduce our portfolio companies to so they can explore collaborations, partnerships, or M&A. Even when licensable drugs do not yet exist, this analysis also reveals gaps in many companies’ portfolios that platform companies could aim to fill by developing drugs for particular targets, which is particularly useful for portfolio prioritization.

REIMBURSEMENT STRATEGY

What could payers or policy makers do to increase the degree of price competition or restrict use of branded products in the future in a particular disease area? In turn, how, if even possible, can companies in that space still succeed commercially?
Answer: Payers typically take advantage of generics and multiple branded agents in the same class to exact discounts, and policy makers are slow to change the rules, and therefore the usual answer for how innovators can maintain future profits is to stay innovative and develop products so much better than the alternatives that payers cannot deny their value to patients. Sometimes the maps point to an end-game beyond which further improvements are unlikely, at which point companies need to prepare for margin compression.














FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
TOP






WHY DO YOU MAKE MAPS?

Answer: To understand complex and competitive subjects, to more effectively communicate what we have learned both amongst our team members and with others, and to capture institutional knowledge. Our maps restore context to subjects that have been shattered by the proliferation of data and options, allowing us to make decisions about where to allocate our resources intelligently and efficiently, and helping our portfolio companies and collaborators also make better decisions

WHY CAN’T I CLEARLY SEE THE MAPS ON THIS WEBSITE?

Answer: Because they are proprietary to RA Capital/TechAtlas, and we are only showing you a teaser to stimulate further discussion.

How can I see the full maps clearly?

Answer: Come to our offices to explore the maps with us. We have large, touch-screen displays in our offices that make it easy to navigate the maps. We’re always looking for a productive brainstorm with researchers, clinicians, entrepreneurs and drug hunters, small innovative companies, large biotech and pharma, payers, policy makers, and institutions interested in partnering with RA Capital. We do have mobile systems or, in a pinch, we can print out the maps if we’re going to do some brainstorming on the road.

CAN I HAVE OR PURCHASE A MAP?

Answer: Under certain circumstances we have issued limited licenses to one or more maps, but it’s not common. The TechAtlas maps are integral to RA Capital and meant to facilitate collaborative learning. We are therefore more likely to make them available to companies or other groups with whom we already frequently interact (e.g. portfolio companies).

HOW DO YOU DECIDE ON WHAT TO MAP?

Answer: We’re mapping everything that is of interest to us. There are plenty of topics that we still want to get to. Sometimes we see a critical mass of new ideas emerge around a common theme (e.g. immune-oncology). We have even structured maps based on the needs of particular portfolio companies so that they could see many of the indications to which their platform technology could be applied; as new platforms emerge, they may inspire us to map the world from their perspective.

FROM WHAT PERSPECTIVE DO YOU MAP TECHNOLOGIES?

Answer: Our disease maps are typically mapped from the standpoint of a physician who wants to best treat a patient; our analyses factor in efficacy, safety, tolerability, convenience, and cost considerations. Mechanism of action (in and of itself not important to a patient) is important to the extent that it helps predict how new drug candidates are likely to perform (e.g. drugs with sufficiently different MOAs are more likely to have non-overlapping toxicities and additive or synergistic efficacy, making them potentially combinable, which is what’s important to a physician). Our “capability” maps (e.g. immune-oncology, gene therapy, epigenetics) take the perspective of a drug developer trying to make a useful product with a particular function. The same technology, for example a CAR-T program targeting multiple myeloma (MM), may appear both on the MM map in the context of other MM drugs as well as on the immuno-oncology map in juxtaposition to other CAR-T programs, including those targeting other cancers, as well as PD-1 antibodies and cancer vaccines. Although nearly all the maps have what we call a Solutions Matrix that shows how well equipped each competitor is in a given field and which technologies could help fill each player’s gaps, we also create Strategy Maps that look at the world from the perspective of large pharma so that we can help smaller companies understand what might be important to potential partners/acquirers.

Can the maps directly benefit patients?

Answer: Our maps highlight compelling trials and drug candidates we consider most likely to improve the standard of care, which we expect may be of interest to patients. The ideal way for us to help patients would be through patient advocacy groups; we do not have a formal mechanism for interacting with patients. Due to liability concerns, when we have spoken with individuals seeking medical information, we have volunteered a list of recently approved products and advanced clinical trials that we considered credible for them to discuss with their physician.

CAn the maps help me decide my next career move?

Answer: Yes – time permitting, we would be happy to help. How an individual makes an important career decision teaches us something about how we should think about investing our own time and capital.

I’M A DRUG HUNTER – COULD YOUR MAPS HELP ME?

Answer: Yes, beyond even the maps, RA Capital/TechAtlas is a platform for drug hunting and company formation. see “Translation and Hunting”

HOW CAN I BECOME A TECHATLAS ASSOCIATE?

Answer: We welcome all qualified applicants. After a phone interview, some applicants are asked to make a map of an area we already know well, of which a select few are invited in for final interviews and to present their map to members of our team (a bit like a thesis defense, but harder), after which we make a hiring decision. See “Join Us”













JOIN US

TOP





TechAtlas is always seeking smart, intellectually curious, and driven scientists to help us make sense of data-rich healthcare technology landscapes while learning to incorporate business strategy into their thinking.
Our current team consists of PhD and undergraduate scientists from top-tier institutions. Backgrounds include molecular biology, biomedical engineering, pharmacology, neuroscience, genomics, and other disciplines. There is no one degree or specialty that makes a great TechAtlas  Associate; rather, candidates need to speak the general language of science, thinking scientifically (e.g. naturally sense when a conclusion is invalid due to lack of a control), and be capable of rapidly understanding a new area. We do not look for or require prior financial or business experience or training; those will be taught through exposure to hundreds of case studies within a few years. With mentorship from more senior associates and the investment team, new associates will learn how to determine whether a company and its novel technology are strategically positioned to succeed in the face of competitive, regulatory, financial, and commercial challenges. These skills will qualify Associates for other roles within RA Capital and serve them well in their long-term careers.









  We are scientists who invest in and help build healthcare and life-science companies.










If you recognize these traits in yourself, please email your resume to Stephanie Moore at skmoore@racap.com.
















Contact Us:General
Investors
Careers
Media
 



About us:Our values
Team
Portfolio
 








 © Copyright 2001-2017 RA Capital Management, LLC      This website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy, or a recommendation for any security; nor does it constitute an offer to provide investment advisory or other services by RA Capital Management, LLC ("RA Capital"). Nothing contained on the website constitutes investment advice or offers any opinion with respect to the suitability of any security, and the views expressed on this website should not be taken as advice to buy, sell, or hold any security or as an endorsement of any security or company. In preparing the information contained in this website, RA Capital has not taken into account the investment needs, objectives, and financial circumstances of any particular investor, and investments and companies referenced may not be suitable for all investors. Any views expressed on this website by RA Capital were prepared based upon information, believed to be reliable, available to it at the time such views were written. RA Capital makes no guarantees as to their accuracy or completeness. All information is subject to change and may quickly become unreliable for various reasons, including changes in market conditions or economic circumstances. By accessing this website, the reader agrees that he/she not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, alter, or distribute in any way material from this website in any manner inconsistent with the purposes for which it is offered without the prior written consent of RA Capital.




















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.










RA Capital Management




RA Capital Management















































ABOUT US
TEAM
TECHATLAS
VENTURE
CONTACT
OUTREACH



















Menu

×

ABOUT US
TEAM
TECHATLAS
VENTURE
CONTACT
OUTREACH

















EVIDENCE-BASED INVESTING IN HEALTHCARE & LIFE SCIENCES.
RA Capital Management (“RA Capital”) is a crossover investment manager dedicated to evidence-based investing in public and private healthcare and life science companies that are developing drugs, medical devices, and diagnostics.





DENALINATIONAL PARK & RESERVEALASKA 














"THERE IS SO MUCH LEFT TO DISCOVER." 
PETER KOLCHINSKY, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & PORTFOLIO  MANAGER





YELLOWSTONENATIONAL PARKIDAHO, MONTANA, WYOMING















ABOUT US
RA Capital Management® (“RA Capital”) is a crossover investment manager dedicated to evidence-based investing in public and private healthcare and life science companies that are developing drugs, medical devices, and diagnostics.
TOP



OUR VALUES:




    WE ORIGINATE CONVICTION WE DO NOT BORROW IT FROM OTHERS     WE EXPECT AND STRIVE TO INSPIRE THE BEST IN EVERYONE     WE EMBRACE THE UNFAMILIAR      WE DO NOT LET CONVENTION STAND IN THE WAY OF WHAT IS RIGHT     WE LEARN COLLABORATIVELY     WE ARE DATA-DRIVEN AND CHALLENGE ASSUMPTIONS      WE ARE PERSISTENTLY CURIOUS AND HUMBLED BY WHAT IS LEFT TO LEARN     WE ADMIT OUR MISTAKES AND SHARE LESSONS LEARNED     WE HAVE A BIAS FOR ACTION     WE ADDRESS THE ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM     WE VALUE OUR RELATIONSHIPS AND ARE POSITIVE, RESPECTFUL, AND OPEN-MINDED      WE TAKE FUN SERIOUSLY           






OUR VALUES:



OVERVIEW
BEYOND CAPITAL
TRANSLATION & HUNTING


Tab 1

WHO WE ARE
RA Capital Management® (“RA Capital”) is a crossover investment manager dedicated to evidence-based investing in public and private healthcare and life science companies that are developing drugs, medical devices, and diagnostics. The flexibility of its strategy allows RA Capital® to lead private, IPO, and follow-on financings for its portfolio companies, both facilitating the crossover process and allowing management teams to drive value creation with fewer capital concerns from inception through commercialization.
At RA Capital’s core is its TechAtlas research division, a scientifically trained team that maps out competitive landscapes in a continual effort to put data into context, identify breakthroughs, and originate conviction in new ideas. TechAtlas provides RA Capital’s investment team and portfolio companies (see Beyond Capital) with strategic intelligence, market research, and other resources. The team’s understanding of industry best practices is derived from an extensive collection of case studies documenting the impact of clinical trial design, partnership structures, public market dynamics, and many other factors on valuation and business viability.
RA Capital offers an Executive-in-Residence (EIR) program for experienced professionals seeking thought partners and a platform from which to survey diverse competitive landscapes in search of worthy projects, though we also have other models for collaborating with experienced “drug hunters” (see Translation and Hunting).


Tab 2

BEYOND CAPITAL
IN ADDITION TO CAPITAL, RA CAPITAL INVESTS CONSIDERABLE TIME AND RESOURCES INTO HELPING ITS PRIVATE AND PUBLIC PORTFOLIO COMPANIES SUCCEED.

We leverage our TechAtlas platform to identify potential indications as well as partners and acquirers that our portfolio companies may not have considered pursuing, as well as complementary drug candidates and technologies for in-licensing consideration.
Members of our Investment Team take board and/or observer seats when appropriate. We also host board meetings at our offices from time to time, providing access to maps to facilitate strategy discussions.
We help identify candidates for key executive positions at portfolio companies.
Portfolio companies are welcome to explore our maps with us; in certain cases, we may license one or more maps to them.


When appropriate, our team can create a custom map that comprehensively aggregates and organizes R&D opportunities as well as competitive and complementary technologies in those indications.
Portfolio companies have access to the TechAtlas team’s primary scientific and market research; we interview clinicians and KOLs, host Advisory Boards, and attend many academic conferences.
Our literature surveillance team flags discoveries that may be important to portfolio companies.
Our graphics design team helps portfolio companies communicate complex concepts with high quality graphics for their slides and websites, sometimes incorporating TechAtlas map elements.
Our communications team can offer assistance with grant writing and preparation of scientific publications.



Tab 3

TRANSLATION & HUNTING
WE ARE INTERESTED IN BOTH THE NOVEL AND THE RE-IMAGINED.

Discoveries and improvements in chemistry, molecular and cell biology, and material science create novel capabilities that open up new possibilities for tackling previously unsolved challenges.
The rules by which we understand biology are also constantly being defined and revised, revealing new applications for existing technologies and partially-developed drug candidates. Programs we consider worthwhile may form the basis for a new venture.
RA Capital’s TechAtlas platform is designed to systematize the translation of novel science and technology into optimal commercial applications, which both helps our portfolio companies with their pipeline prioritization as well as generates ideas for new venture formation.
In those areas that we have mapped, it typically takes us a few hours to go from a mechanism-inspired idea for treating a disease to knowing the companies that might have relevant clinical and preclinical assets to license, the companies from whom a candidate could be commissioned, trial designs and endpoints, competing and complementary agents, current and future standard of care, market size, comparable pricing, financing strategy, and potential acquirers, all meant to enable a thoughtful first-pass assessment of whether an idea could be worth a much deeper assessment.


The size and efficiency of our team allows us to parallelize the first-pass assessment of many ideas sourced from literature, technology transfer offices, pipelines of large pharma as well as small biotechnology companies, as well as discussions with academic researchers and clinicians.
We welcome experienced drug hunters searching for technologies/candidates and looking to start new companies to collaborate with our team and take advantage of the breadth and depth that the TechAtlas platform has to offer, as well as the capital we manage.
We believe that, when a business proposition is framed correctly, the capital markets have the resources and depth of understanding to fund proper experimental design and solution development, without forcing companies to cut corners, and we have collaborated extensively with other funds that share our philosophy to enable ambitious and capital intensive endeavors.




















"WE OWE A DEBT TO THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE MENTORED US, AND WE IN TURN HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY TO TURN OUR HARD WON LESSONS INTO A SOLID FOUNDATION FOR OUR INDUSTRY'S EMERGING INNOVATORS AND LEADERS."
RAJEEV SHAH, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & PORTFOLIO  MANAGER





SEQUOIA & KINGS CANYON NATIONAL PARKCALIFORNIA 













THE TEAM






InvestmentAnalysts/AssociatesOperationsAdministrationTechnologyCommunications/ResearchExecutive in ResidenceView All 






 MATTHEW COTTON
Software Engineer




 

MATTHEW COTTON
Software Engineer

 Matthew Cotton is a Software Engineer with the Technology Team at RA Capital Management. Matt’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to help guide internal software development to support competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. He holds a BS in Computer Security from Northeastern University, and worked previously as a Software Engineer for several companies, most recently HubSpot.
 








 GILLES DUFOUR, PhD
Associate




 

GILLES DUFOUR, PhD
Associate

 Gilles Dufour is an Associate with the Oncology Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Gilles’ primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on immuno-oncology and melanoma. Gilles holds Masters degrees in Pharmaceutical Sciences and Industrial Pharmacy from the University of Louvain and a PhD in Pharmaceutical and Biomedical Sciences from the University of Liège. He previously completed a post-doctoral fellowship at Harvard Medical School, where he investigated gene therapy for targeted cancer immunotherapies.








 AARON HILTNER
Publications Writer and Editor




 

AARON HILTNER
Publications Writer and Editor

 Aaron Hiltner is a Publications Writer and Editor with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Aaron’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to assist in writing articles on various topics related to biotech and life sciences. Aaron holds a BA in History from Gustavus Adolphus College and a PhD in History from Boston University. His graduate research focused on the policing of American soldiers and sailors stationed in the US during WWII. He worked previously as a Data Analyst at Global Schematics.








 ALLISON LORD PhD
Science Writer




 

ALLISON LORD PhD
Science Writer

 Allison Lord is a Science Writer with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Allison’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to edit and guide development of competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. Allison holds a BS in Biology from Boston College and a PhD in Cell and Molecular Biology from Boston University. Her doctoral research focused on cell death and phagocytosis in the Drosophila ovary. She worked previously as a Medical Writer with the fungal immunology group at Massachusetts General Hospital.








 SRI MAHENDRA
Software Engineer




 

SRI MAHENDRA
Software Engineer

 Sri Mahendra is a Software Engineer with the Technology Team at RA Capital Management. Sri’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to help guide internal software development to support competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electronics and Communications from Anna University, and a Master’s degree in Computer Science from Northeastern University. He previously worked as a Software Engineer for several companies, including Autodesk, the Advisory Board Company, and Maveric Systems.








 DAN MARKS, PhD
Associate




 

DAN MARKS, PhD
Associate

 Dan Marks is an Associate with the Orphan Disease Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Dan’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Dan holds a BS with Honors in Biology from Yale University and a PhD in Cancer Biology from the Gerstner Sloan Kettering School of Biomedical Sciences. His graduate research focused on identifying novel targets for disrupting the cell cycle in cancer cells.








 CAROL YWUC
Research Assistant




 

CAROL YWUC
Research Assistant

 Carol Ywuc is a Research Assistant with the Research Support Team at RA Capital Management. Carol’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct research and analysis for competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. Carol holds a BS in Biology from Holy Cross, where she studied microbial genetics. She worked previously as a Patient Access Specialist at Lahey Hospital.








 DANIEL BAHCHELI
Senior Science Writer




 

DANIEL BAHCHELI
Senior Science Writer

 Daniel Bahcheli is a Senior Science Writer with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Daniel’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to edit and guide development of competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. Daniel holds both a BS and MS degree in Microbiology and Immunology from McGill University. He worked previously as an Associate Managing Editor at EBSCO Health, and as a Medical Writer at IC Axon and Publicis Life Brands International.








 NETA BATSCHA
Analyst, Equity




 

NETA BATSCHA
Analyst, Equity

 Neta Batscha is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Neta’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Neta was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where she mapped competitive landscapes in the hematologic malignancy space and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Neta holds a BS in Biology from MIT, where she studied cholesterol metabolism in a research laboratory. She also previously worked as a clinical research assistant at the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s neonatal unit.








 JOEL BATSON, PhD
Science Project Coordinator




 

JOEL BATSON, PhD
Science Project Coordinator

 Joel Batson is a Science Project Coordinator with the Beyond Healthcare Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Joel’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to develop new tools to systematically evaluate developmental drugs, and to assess orthogonal technologies that intersect with the healthcare industry. Joel holds a BS in Chemistry from Morehouse College and a PhD in Organic Chemistry from MIT. His doctoral research involved the design and synthesis of organic electronic polymers and macromolecules. Joel previously worked as a Technology Specialist in intellectual property law at Clark+Elbing.








 RYAN BERRY, PhD
Associate




 

RYAN BERRY, PhD
Associate

 Ryan Berry is an Associate with the Cardio-Renal Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Ryan’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on coronary artery disease, stroke, and dyslipidemia. Ryan holds a BS in Biochemistry and Molecular Cell Biology from the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, and a PhD in Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology from Yale University. His doctoral research focused on cellular mechanisms of adipogenesis.








 JEFF BREAY
Head Trader




 

JEFF BREAY
Head Trader

 Jeff Breay is a Head Trader at RA Capital Management. His responsibilities include managing the portfolio’s public equity positions, monitoring market, sector, and individual equity dynamics, and maintaining relationships with broker/dealer counterparties. Jeff holds a BA in Economics and Psychology from Georgetown. Prior to joining RA Capital, Jeff worked for over 10 years as an institutional equity sales trader, primarily at KCG Holdings, Inc., where he managed the Boston office.








 CHRIS CALIRI
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY




 

CHRIS CALIRI
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

 Chris Caliri is the Director of Information Technology at RA Capital Management. Chris’ primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee the firm’s information technology program, including operations, development, and security. He holds a Master’s degree in Software Engineering from Brandeis University and a BA in Psychology from Providence College. He worked previously as the Director of Business Systems at Bain Capital Credit, and as a Senior Systems Analyst at eSecLending, LLC.








 MICHAEL CALORE
Director of Investor Relations




 

MICHAEL CALORE
Director of Investor Relations

 Michael Calore is the Director of Investor Relations at RA Capital Management. Michael’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to start and maintain relationships with current and potential investors. He was previously a marketing manager at Brighton House Associates, assisting with fundraising campaigns for a diverse group of investment managers, including private equity, venture capital, real estate, and hedge funds. He holds a BS in Finance from Providence College.








 PARKER CASSIDY, MBA
Executive in Residence: Emeritus




 

PARKER CASSIDY, MBA
Executive in Residence: Emeritus

 Parker Cassidy was an Executive in Residence at RA Capital Management. In this role, Parker surveyed a number of promising clinical spaces for potential investment and worked closely with select portfolio companies. Parker holds a BS in Mechanical Engineering from Boston University, and an MBA from Darden Business School at the University of Virginia. Parker is currently Chief Commercial Officer of the diagnostics company Mitra Biotech, Inc. and serves on the Board of three private diagnostics and biotools companies. Prior to his residency at RA Capital, Parker worked at Becton Dickinson, where he served as the senior leader of significant growth initiatives in molecular diagnostics (BD MAX) and continuous glucose monitoring. Prior to that, he served as a general manager for Upstate Biotechnology (now part of EMD Millipore).








 ERIN CLUTTER
Senior Graphic Design Manager




 

ERIN CLUTTER
Senior Graphic Design Manager

 Erin Clutter is a Senior Graphic Design Manager with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Erin’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to manage the design and creation of all internal and external documents and resources for the company, including competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, set brand standards, and oversee internal and external marketing efforts. Erin holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the Massachusetts College of Art & Design. She worked previously in desktop publishing and as a freelance designer.








 MARY PAT CONNOLLY
Strategic Project Coordinator




 

MARY PAT CONNOLLY
Strategic Project Coordinator

 Mary Pat Connolly is a Strategic Project Coordinator with the Research Support Team at RA Capital Management. Mary Pat’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to coordinate various projects across the company and oversee their initiation, planning, and execution. Mary Pat is a PMI-certified Project Management Professional (PMP) and holds a BA in Chemistry from Holy Cross, where she studied biodiesel fuel analysis.








 BEN DAKE, PhD
Associate




 

BEN DAKE, PhD
Associate

 Ben Dake is an Associate at RA Capital Management. Ben’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to identify compelling assets to help facilitate new company creation or investments in emerging seed-stage companies. Ben has also mapped competitive landscapes with a focus on cardiovascular diseases and regenerative medicine as a member of the Cardio-Renal Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital. Ben holds a BS in Biology and an MS in Virology from the University of Nebraska, Lincoln, and a PhD in Cancer Biology from the Tufts University School of Medicine. His doctoral research focused on breast cancer metastasis. Ben previously worked as a Research Assistant in a Neuroinflammation lab at Brigham and Women’s Hospital/Harvard Medical School, and was an Internet Application Developer at the Gallup Organization.








 AMANDA DANIELS
Chief Operating Officer




 

AMANDA DANIELS
Chief Operating Officer

 Amanda Daniels is the Chief Operating Officer at RA Capital Management. She has been a member of the operations team since joining RA Capital in February 2007. She is involved with the firm’s back office and operations, including finance, accounting and audit, compliance, partner relationships, and business continuity and policies. Prior to joining RA Capital, Amanda worked at a globally recognized custodian bank interfacing with investment managers of institutional mutual funds. She received a BS in Mathematics from St. Michael’s College.








 DEREK DiROCCO, PhD
Analyst, Equity




 

DEREK DiROCCO, PhD
Analyst, Equity

 Derek DiRocco is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Derek’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Derek was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped competitive landscapes in the solid tumor oncology space and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Derek holds a BA in Biology from Holy Cross College and a PhD in Pharmacology from the University of Washington. He conducted his postdoctoral research at Brigham and Women’s Hospital/Harvard Medical School, where he researched the role of the Wnt signaling pathway in mouse models of kidney disease, and was part of a team that discovered a stem cell subtype responsible for solid organ fibrosis.








 REBECCA DOBBIN
Research Assistant




 

REBECCA DOBBIN
Research Assistant

 Rebecca Dobbin is a Research Assistant with the Research Support Team at RA Capital Management. Rebecca’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct research and analysis for competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. She holds a BS in Neuroscience and English from Bates College.








 MATT FERESTEN
Research + Technology Manager




 

MATT FERESTEN
Research + Technology Manager

 Matthew Feresten is a Research and Technology Manager with the Technology Team at RA Capital Management. Matt’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to gather team input to help guide internal software development to support competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities, and to provide software training and coordinate with outside technology vendors. He holds a BS in Biology from the College of William and Mary, where he studied the impact of ecological fragmentation on the prevalence of ticks and their bacterial pathogens.








 EMILY GREEN
Graphic Designer




 

EMILY GREEN
Graphic Designer

 Emily Green is a Graphic Designer with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Emily’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create graphics, charts, and other visuals for competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. In addition, she is responsible for overseeing content management for the RA Capital website, and designing visual elements for other internal and external communications. Emily holds a BS in Graphic Design from James Madison University.








 MATTHEW HAMMOND, PhD
Analyst, Equity




 

MATTHEW HAMMOND, PhD
Analyst, Equity

 Matthew Hammond is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Matthew’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Matthew was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped a number of competitive landscapes in the orphan disease space and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Matthew holds a BS in Environmental Health Science from the University of Georgia and both a PhD in Biomedical Science and an MBA in Finance from the University of Connecticut. His graduate research investigated immune response after intracerebral hemorrhage.








 KORIE HANDWERGER, PhD
Science Communications Manager




 

KORIE HANDWERGER, PhD
Science Communications Manager

 Korie Handwerger is the Science Communications Manager and a member of the Neurology Team at RA Capital Management. Korie’s primary responsibility is to oversee project management, training, and quality control of all written materials generated by the TechAtlas division. She also conducts research and analysis to create new competitive landscapes, with a focus on neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric disorders. Korie holds a PhD in Biology from Johns Hopkins University. She conducted her postdoctoral research at MIT, where she investigated self-propagating properties of infectious proteins (prions). Korie previously worked as an Assistant Professor and researcher in West Africa, and as a Scientific Editor at Cell Reports, Cell Press’ first open-access journal.








 RAHELEH HATAMI, PhD
Associate




 

RAHELEH HATAMI, PhD
Associate

 Raheleh Hatami is an Associate with the Oncology and Gastro Teams within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Raheleh’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on breast cancer, ovarian cancer, glioblastoma, and upper and lower GI indications. Raheleh holds a BA in Neuroscience from Columbia University and a PhD in Biomedical Sciences with a Cancer Biology focus from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. She previously completed a post-doctoral fellowship at the NYU School of Medicine, where she was also a Biotechnology Venture Intern at the NYU Office of Industrial Liaison and an intern at the Office of Therapeutics Alliances.








 BARBARA HERBST
Director of Trading Compliance + Operations




 

BARBARA HERBST
Director of Trading Compliance + Operations

 Barbara Herbst is the Director of Trading Compliance and Operations at RA Capital Management. She is involved with the firm’s back office and operations, including finance, audit, compliance, partner relationships, and business continuity and policies. Barbara holds a BS in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance from Boston University and has 11 years of experience in operations, compliance, and trading.








 CATHERINE HERNANDEZ
Administrative + Recruiting Coordinator 




 

CATHERINE HERNANDEZ
Administrative + Recruiting Coordinator 

 Catherine Hernandez is an Administrative & Recruiting Coordinator with the Administration Team at RA Capital Management. Catherine’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to coordinate calendars, events, and company meetings for the TechAtlas division, as well as assist with recruiting activities. She holds a BA in History from Boston University.








 JACK HOUGHTON
Software Engineer




 

JACK HOUGHTON
Software Engineer

 Jack Houghton is a Software Engineer with the Technology Team at RA Capital Management. Jack’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to manage systems and databases to support competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities, and to coordinate with internal and external development teams. He holds a BS in Computer Information Systems from Bentley University and has over 15 years of experience as a Technical Sales Engineer and Senior Systems Analyst at various companies in the Boston area.








 CHIEZE IBENECHE-NNEWIHE, PhD
Senior Associate




 

CHIEZE IBENECHE-NNEWIHE, PhD
Senior Associate

 Chieze Ibeneche-Nnewihe is a Senior Associate at RA Capital Management. Chieze’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to identify compelling assets to help facilitate new company creation or investments in emerging seed-stage companies. Prior to this role, Chieze was an Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where she mapped competitive landscapes in extracellular factors, lysosomal proteins, muscular dystrophies, and ophthalmology. Chieze holds a BS and a PhD in Physics from the University of Texas at Austin. Her doctoral research focused on the underlying physical changes of the cytoplasm of yeast cells in response to glucose starvation.








 JULIA KEITH, PhD
Senior Associate




 

JULIA KEITH, PhD
Senior Associate

 Julia Keith is a Senior Associate with the Oncology Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Julia’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on immuno-oncology and melanoma. Julia holds a BS in Microbiology and Immunology from McGill University and a PhD in Molecular Microbiology from Tufts University. Her doctoral research investigated the immune response to infection with Yersinia pseudotuberculosis.








 SARAH KJELLMAN
Office Administrator 




 

SARAH KJELLMAN
Office Administrator 

 Sarah Kjellman is an Office Administrator with the Administration Team at RA Capital Management. Sarah’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to coordinate company meetings and resource logistics. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Sociology from Ohio Wesleyan University.








 PETER KOLCHINSKY, PhD
Portfolio Manager + Managing Director




 

PETER KOLCHINSKY, PhD
Portfolio Manager + Managing Director

 Peter Kolchinsky is a founder, Portfolio Manager, and Managing Director at RA Capital Management. Peter is active in both public and private investments in companies developing drugs, medical devices, diagnostics, and research tools, and serves as a Board Member for various public and privately held companies, including Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Wave Life Sciences Ltd. Peter also leads the firm’s outreach and publishing efforts, which aim to make a positive social impact and spark collaboration among healthcare stakeholders, including patients, physicians, researchers, policy makers, and industry.  He authored “The Entrepreneur’s Guide to a Biotech Startup” and served on the Board of Global Science and Technology for the National Academy of Sciences. Peter holds a BS from Cornell University and a PhD in Virology from Harvard University.








 DAVID KOLSTAD, MBA
Executive in Residence: Emeritus




 

DAVID KOLSTAD, MBA
Executive in Residence: Emeritus

 David Kolstad was the first Executive in Residence at RA Capital Management. In this role, David surveyed a number of promising clinical spaces for potential investment, worked closely with select portfolio companies, and launched Gentuity, LLC. Now CEO of Gentuity, David continues as a board member on a privately held company and as a resource to the RA Capital team. David holds a BS in Chemical Engineering from the Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from The Amos Tuck School of Business Administration at Dartmouth. Prior to his residency at RA Capital, David was a senior executive with St. Jude Medical serving as General Manager of its Imaging Business. He was previously Chairman and CEO of LightLab Imaging, and served as Vice President of Worldwide Marketing for Hewlett-Packard’s medical imaging business and Vice-Chair of Mass Medic.








 TYLER KOWALSKI
Graphic Designer




 

TYLER KOWALSKI
Graphic Designer

 Tyler Kowalski is a Graphic Designer with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Tyler’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create graphics, charts, and other visuals for competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Tyler holds a BA in Finance from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. He worked previously as a freelance graphic designer.








 MEGAN KRENCH, PhD
Associate




 

MEGAN KRENCH, PhD
Associate

 Megan Krench is an Associate with the Orphan Disease Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Megan’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Megan holds a BS with Honors in Neuroscience from Penn State University, and a PhD in Neuroscience from MIT. Her graduate research investigated the molecular pathogenesis of polyglutamine repeat diseases, such as Huntington’s disease. Megan previously worked as a Consultant at CBT Advisors and as a Visiting Lecturer at Tufts University.








 KATE LeCLAIR
Investor Relations Manager




 

KATE LeCLAIR
Investor Relations Manager

 Kate LeClair is an Investor Relations + Operations Manager with the Operations Team at RA Capital Management. Kate’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to manage investor relations and business operations. She holds a degree in International Studies from Miami University. Kate previously worked as a Client Relations Manager at HighVista Strategies and as a Business Development Senior Associate at Cambridge Associates. Prior to that, she worked at two San Francisco-based investment banks on the trading and client relations teams, and at GWK Investments as an Equity Research Assistant.








 ANDREW LEVIN, MD/PhD
Managing Director 




 

ANDREW LEVIN, MD/PhD
Managing Director 

 Andrew Levin is a Managing Director at RA Capital Management. Andrew’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to evaluate public and private investments in companies developing drugs, medical devices, diagnostics, and research tools, with a focus on new company formation. He also serves as a Board Member for various privately held companies, including Arvinas Holding, LLC, and Synthorx, Inc. and is a Board Observer at RxSight, Inc. Andrew holds a BSE in Mechanical Engineering from Princeton University, a PhD in Biomedical Engineering from MIT, and an MD from Harvard Medical School. Andrew was previously Vice President at H.I.G. BioVentures and the Director of Pharmaceutical Sciences at the Clinton Health Access Initiative.








 DANIEL MACAYA, PhD
Analyst, Strategy




 

DANIEL MACAYA, PhD
Analyst, Strategy

 Daniel Macaya is an Analyst on the Strategy Team at RA Capital Management. Daniel’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee development of new healthcare technology landscapes across multiple disease indications and capabilities. Prior to this role, Daniel was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped competitive landscapes in autoimmune disease, metabolic disorders, and oncology indications, and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Daniel holds a BS in Materials Science and Engineering from Cornell University and a PhD in Medical Engineering from Harvard-MIT. His graduate research investigated clinically translatable treatments for spinal cord injury using injectable hydrogels. Daniel previously held several teaching assistantships, leading courses in clinical medicine and medical devices.








 KATIE MAHER, PhD
Corporate Communications Manager 




 

KATIE MAHER, PhD
Corporate Communications Manager 

 Katie Maher is a Corporate Communications Manager with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Katie’s primary responsibilities include developing and reviewing materials for both internal and external communications, including those communications related to the firm’s outreach efforts, published articles, and media relations. She holds a BS in Biology from Pennsylvania State University and a PhD in Molecular and Cellular Biology from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. Her doctoral work integrated molecular and genetic strategies to study the mechanism by which dopamine modulates neuronal activity in both individual neurons and neural circuits.








 NICHOLAS McGRATH, JD/LLM
General Counsel + Chief Compliance Officer




 

NICHOLAS McGRATH, JD/LLM
General Counsel + Chief Compliance Officer

 Nicholas McGrath is the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at RA Capital Management. Nick’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee the firm’s legal and compliance program. He holds a BA in International Business from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, a JD from the University of Maine School of Law, and an LLM from St. John’s University School of Law. Nick previously worked as a corporate associate for two law firms in the Boston area.








 CRISTINA MONTERO, PhD
Senior Associate




 

CRISTINA MONTERO, PhD
Senior Associate

 Cristina Montero is a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Cristina’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee development of new healthcare technology landscapes across multiple disease indications and capabilities. Prior to this role, Cristina mapped a number of competitive landscapes, including respiratory, allergic, and neurological conditions. Cristina holds a BS in Molecular Biology with a minor in Business from Washington University in St. Louis, and a PhD in Microbiology and Molecular Genetics from Harvard University. Her doctoral research focused on bacteriophage-mediated regulation of bacterial transcription. She also previously worked as an adjunct instructor at Simmons College and Harvard University.








 STEPHANIE MOORE
Director of Human Resources




 

STEPHANIE MOORE
Director of Human Resources

 Stephanie Moore is the Director of Human Resources at RA Capital Management. Stephanie’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are talent management, assessment, and recruiting, as well as managing organizational growth and development. She holds a Master’s degree from the University of Rochester and a Bachelor’s degree from Boise State University. Stephanie previously led recruiting efforts at Aileron Therapeutics and was a Principal at J. Robert Scott Executive Search.








 KATE MOREAU, PhD
Analyst, Discovery




 

KATE MOREAU, PhD
Analyst, Discovery

 Kate Moreau is an Analyst on the Discovery Team at RA Capital Management. Kate’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to identify compelling assets to help facilitate new company creation or investments in emerging seed-stage companies. Prior to this role, Kate was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where she mapped competitive landscapes in ophthalmology, lower GI, and gene therapy, and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Kate holds a BA in Molecular Biology and Biochemistry from Rutgers University and a PhD in Biochemistry from MIT. Her doctoral research investigated the folding and aggregation of gamma-crystallins associated with cataract formation.








 KATHRYN ROY
Executive Assistant




 

KATHRYN ROY
Executive Assistant

 Kathryn Roy is an Executive Assistant with the Administration Team at RA Capital Management. Kathryn’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to support company executives by coordinating management agendas, calendars, and events. She is also in charge of managing and training the Administration Team and assisting the Operations Team with maintaining the accounts payable records, office operations, and various other projects. She holds a BS in Business Management from Quinnipiac University.








 ZACH SCHEINER, PhD
Analyst, Equity




 

ZACH SCHEINER, PhD
Analyst, Equity

 Zach Scheiner is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Zach’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Zach was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped competitive landscapes in neurology, ophthalmology, and dermatology, and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Zach holds a BS in Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry from Yale University, and a PhD in Neurobiology and Behavior from the University of Washington. His doctoral research focused on the regulation of the ERK/MAPK pathway by adenylyl cyclases during long-term memory formation and sensitization to drugs of abuse. Zach previously worked as a Science Officer at the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine.








 ERICH SCHELLER, PhD
Associate




 

ERICH SCHELLER, PhD
Associate

 Erich Scheller is an Associate with the Oncology and Cardio-Renal Teams within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Erich’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on lung cancer, obesity, and chronic kidney disease. Erich holds a BA in English Literature and Language from Harvard University and a PhD in Microbiology from the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. His graduate research investigated the role of fimbria in Bordetella adherence and virulence.








 ANDREW SENESI, PhD
Associate




 

ANDREW SENESI, PhD
Associate

 Andrew Senesi is an Associate with the Beyond Healthcare Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Andrew’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to identify and assess orthogonal technologies that intersect with the healthcare industry. Andrew holds a PhD in Chemistry from Northwestern University, where he focused on the development of DNA scaffold-based nanoparticle superlattices with novel emergent properties. His postdoctoral work at Argonne National Laboratories involved characterization of nanomaterials using X-ray scattering technologies. Andrew worked previously as an associate at the Chicago Innovation Exchange, a University of Chicago-focused incubator with an associated VC fund.








 GERALD SEWACK, PhD
 Director of TechAtlas




 

GERALD SEWACK, PhD
 Director of TechAtlas

 Gerald Sewack is the Director of the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Gerald’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee the creation of competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Gerald holds a PhD in Molecular and Cellular Biology from Harvard Medical School. His research investigated chromatin structure and transcription factor binding. He worked previously at Global Prior Art, an intellectual property analysis firm.








 RAJEEV SHAH
Portfolio Manager + Managing Director




 

RAJEEV SHAH
Portfolio Manager + Managing Director

 Rajeev Shah is a Portfolio Manager and Managing Director at RA Capital Management. Raj is active in both public and private investments in companies developing drugs, medical devices, diagnostics, and research tools. He is also active in the firm’s outreach efforts, speaking frequently both at industry events and in classrooms. Raj holds a BS from Cornell University, where he majored in Chemistry with a concentration in Economics. Raj previously worked as a Senior Project Leader at Altus Pharmaceuticals, a spin-off company of Vertex Pharmaceuticals, where he assessed business processes and implemented system solutions across all areas of science. He is also an active member of the Big Brothers of Massachusetts Bay program.








 JAKE SIMSON, PhD
Analyst, Equity




 

JAKE SIMSON, PhD
Analyst, Equity

 Jake Simson is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Jake’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Jake was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped competitive landscapes in the solid tumor oncology space and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Jake holds a BS in Materials Science and Engineering from MIT and a PhD in Biomedical Engineering from Johns Hopkins University. In his doctoral research, he investigated clinically translatable treatments for musculoskeletal tissue repair using injectable hydrogels.








 LAURA STOPPEL, PhD
Associate




 

LAURA STOPPEL, PhD
Associate

 Laura Stoppel is an Associate with the Oncology and Neurology Teams within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Laura’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Laura holds a BA in Biology and Psychology from Harvard University, and a PhD in Neuroscience from MIT. Her graduate research investigated synaptic translation in syndromic autism.








 ANTHONY WALSH, PhD
Associate




 

ANTHONY WALSH, PhD
Associate

 Anthony Walsh is an Associate with the Neurology and Autoimmune Teams within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Anthony’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on schizophrenia, epilepsy, lupus, and multiple sclerosis. Anthony holds a BA in Biochemistry from Trinity College, Dublin, and a PhD in Biophysics from Oxford University. His doctoral research investigated the biological applications of DNA cages, including potential uses for in vivo imaging and targeted delivery of macromolecules into living cells.








 ELAINE WONG
Associate




 

ELAINE WONG
Associate

 Elaine Wong is an Associate with the Autoimmune Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Elaine’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on acne, rosacea, atopic dermatitis, and psoriasis. Elaine holds a BA in Architecture from Wellesley College. She previously conducted market research at Nielsen, where she analyzed physician and consumer preferences for life sciences companies.








 KAI WU
Chief Financial Officer




 

KAI WU
Chief Financial Officer

 Kai Wu is the Chief Financial Officer at RA Capital Management. He is involved in the firm’s back office and operations, including finance, accounting, auditing, taxes, regulatory, and legal. Kai previously served as the CFO/CCO of both Palo Alto Investors and Lucerne Capital Management. He holds a BS in Business Administration from Georgetown University.




















“The biotech industry is producing results at an unprecedented rate on the foundation of profound scientific breakthroughs.
AS INVESTORS AND THOUGHT PARTNERS, IT IS A TRUE PRIVILEGE TO SUPPORT MANAGEMENT TEAMS AS THEY TRANSLATE THEIR TECHNOLOGIES INTO BENEFITS FOR PATIENTS.”
ANDREW LEVIN, MD/PhD
MANAGING DIRECTOR





ARCHESNATIONAL PARKUTAH 














VENTURE
RA Capital has a particular interest in funding innovation that contributes to the following healthcare themes, which converge on a higher quality and more cost-effective delivery of significant healthcare outcomes. These investment themes may change in the future.
TOP

















CROSSOVER/VENTURE INVESTMENTS
















INVESTMENTS
ACQUIRED/IPO'D















INVESTMENTTHEMES













































Information listed is as of July 1, 2017. The list of companies above includes private and public companies that have been or currently are in RA Capital’s portfolio, is for illustrative purposes only, and is not exhaustive. References, either general or specific, to securities and/or issuers are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendations to purchase or sell such securities. The earliest illustrated crossover venture investment occurred in February 2012. Due to confidentiality restrictions, investments in certain companies are not illustrated.  RA Capital makes no representations, and it should not be assumed, that past investment selection is necessarily reflective of future investment selection or performance.











































Information listed is as of July 1, 2017. The list of companies above includes private and public companies that have been or currently are in RA Capital’s portfolio, is for illustrative purposes only, and is not exhaustive. References, either general or specific, to securities and/or issuers are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendations to purchase or sell such securities. The earliest illustrated crossover venture investment occurred in February 2012. Due to confidentiality restrictions, investments in certain companies are not illustrated.  RA Capital makes no representations, and it should not be assumed, that past investment selection is necessarily reflective of future investment selection or performance.









RA Capital has a particular interest in funding innovation that contributes to the following healthcare themes, which converge on a higher quality and more cost-effective delivery of significant healthcare outcomes. These investment themes may change in the future.



PREVENTION & CURES



Diagnostics and interventions that are demonstrated to prevent and/or cure disease are of greater value than those that ameliorate symptoms and delay disease progression, especially if only incrementally. We are interested in ambitious objectives, hard outcomes measures, and proper controls.





COST-EFFECTIVE DIAGNOSTICS & INTERVENTIONS



Most of the new products coming to market in the next few years will have to compete in a world that increasingly values cost effectiveness. We are interested in seeing data from Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials that inform models of cost effectiveness, especially with endpoints that are recognized by private and public payors.





GENETIC TESTING & PERSONALIZED MEDICINE



We are looking for companies with low-cost technologies that have a competitive advantage in genetic testing and/or other diagnostics, including exclusive access to relevant, well-curated patient samples and healthcare outcomes. We have particular interest in a number of current niche areas, including carrier tests, prenatal tests, and the combination of pre-implantation diagnosis/IVF, because we believe these technologies will increase in importance and availability with the advent of low-cost sequencing.





PATIENT/PHYSICIAN CONVENIENCE



There will continue to be a need for technological improvements that meaningfully transform how healthcare is delivered, converting a treatment that would normally require a hospital admission into an out-patient procedure, allowing a patient to take an oral pill or self-administer a subcutaneous injection at home instead of having to see a physician to receive an IV infusion, or delivering a rapid diagnostic test at the point of care instead of requiring a second appointment to discuss the results. However, until we see more common sense in the way in which physicians and hospitals are compensated for their services and patients are billed for their utilization, companies will need to remain mindful of the myriad ways in which the healthcare system’s incentive schemes cause counterintuitive practices to remain entrenched (e.g., in the US, physicians in private practice have a financial incentive, a.k.a. “ASP+6%”, to prescribe expensive IV-administered drugs and therefore are disincentivized from switching to a cheaper drug or a more convenient subcutaneous form of the same drug for which there may not be the same incentive).





SMALL-MOLECULE REPLACEMENTS FOR BIOLOGICS



Although it is clear from the FDA guidance documents on biosimilars that there will be high barriers to allowing pharmacy substitution of biologics with lower cost biosimilars/biogenerics and therefore biologics are unlikely to ever be commoditized in the same way that small-molecules are when patents expire, it is hard to believe that the global healthcare system will be able to indefinitely tolerate biologic drug cost inflation. We are interested in small-molecule drugs that can deliver comparable efficacy/safety to biologics, ideally with greater convenience to patients (e.g., oral pills vs. injectables). We expect that, all else being equal, public and private payors will favor such “genericizable” small-molecule drugs over “ungenericizable” biologics.




























20 PARK PLAZA BOSTON, MA 02116
T: 617.778.2500



















CONTACT US
RA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
20 Park Plaza, Suite 1200
Boston, MA 02116
T: 617.778.2500www.RACAP.com
TOP
















CONTACT















CAREERS
















If you are with a healthcare or
life-science company, please contact:
KATHRYN ROY,
Executive Assistant 
 P: 617.778.2558  |   kroy@racap.com 
If you are interested in joining
RA Capital, please contact:
 STEPHANIE MOORE,
Director of Human Resources 
P: 617.778.2587  |   skmoore@racap.com







For investor relations,
please contact: 
MICHAEL CALORE,
Director of Investor Relations 
P:  617.778.2518  |   mcalore@racap.com 








We welcome inquiries from people interested in joining the RA Capital team. From time to time we may post specific positions that we are looking to fill, but more often we will create positions for the right people.
Senior executives interested in a position with one of our portfolio companies are also welcome to submit their resume and description of their desired position.
Please contact Stephanie Moore at skmoore@racap.com. 






















"WE ARE PRIVILEGED TO BE TAUGHT EVERYDAY BY THE GREATEST SCIENTIFIC MINDS IN THE INDUSTRY AND ACADEMIA.
Our curiosity and work drive us to restore context to data and knowledge, from which emerge remarkable insights, each one potentially inspiring investment in outstanding people and technologies. But to have the greatest positive social impact, we must share those insights in an effort to enrich discourse and spark collaboration among all stakeholders, including patients, physicians, innovators, researchers, policy makers, and the next generation searching for inspiration.”
PETER KOLCHINSKY, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & PORTFOLIO MANAGER





EVERGLADESNATIONAL PARKFLORIDA 














OUTREACH
From class rooms to board rooms, we believe in sharing what we have learned from thousands of case studies about clinical trials, product development, and business/finance strategy with our portfolio companies and, through our outreach efforts, with the broader healthcare and life science community.
TOP





×
RA CAPITAL PUBLICATIONS
BEFORE ACCESSING THE PUBLICATIONS PAGE, THE READER MUST REVIEW AND ACKNOWLEDGE THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Publications are provided for informational purposes only and do not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy, or a recommendation for any security, nor do they constitute an offer to provide investment advisory or other services by RA Capital Management (“RA Capital”).
The content of the publications neither constitutes investment advice nor offers any opinion with respect to the suitability of any security. Views expressed in the publications should not be taken as advice to buy, sell or hold any security or as an endorsement of any security or company; such views were formed based upon information, believed to be reliable, that was available at the time the publications were written.
Strategies and companies referenced in the publications may not be suitable for all investors. Accounts managed by RA Capital may invest in certain companies referenced in the publications; however, RA Capital makes no guarantees as to accuracy or completeness of views expressed in the publications.
More specifically, views expressed in the publications are subject to change, and may have become unreliable for various reasons, including changes in market conditions or economic circumstances. By accessing the publications, the reader agrees that he/she will not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, alter, or distribute the publications in any way that is inconsistent with the purposes for which they are offered, without the prior written consent of RA Capital.
By clicking “I Agree”, you acknowledge the foregoing terms and conditions.
I AGREE CANCEL





GENERAL
PUBLICATIONS

The biotechnology industry is a vibrant community of researchers, business executives, and investors often charting new territory in the pursuit of innovation. After many years of investing in both public and private companies across the therapeutic, diagnostic, and device landscapes, our team has come to recognize some of the patterns of success and failure. We believe in openly contributing what we know; we have shared our perspective on valuation methods, business models, clinical trial design, and other best practices gleaned from hundreds of case studies in boardrooms, classrooms, conferences, and articles.
For example, we have helped entrepreneurs identify comparables for their businesses, guided management teams in prioritizing their development programs, helped companies gauge when they might be IPO-ready, and informed companies’ decision about how much capital to raise, when to raise it, which banks to work with, and which investors to talk to.
On occasion, we have also had the pleasure of speaking with students near and far (University of Helsinki currently holds the record/tops the charts/is the current leader for furthest distance). We typically discuss trends in innovation, how we invest, and risks in the healthcare and life science industries; we hope they remember us when they someday launch companies and are looking for capital.
We do our best to make time for outreach and welcome all queries –
contact Katie Maher at kmaher@racap.com.


Hepatitis C commercial game theory
Xconomy |  Jan 2015
Rethinking venture philanthropy after the Kalydeco windfall
Xconomy | Dec 2014
How to save $200 billion and cure hepatitis C
Xconomy | Jul 2013
Solution Development: a model for structuring biotechs and developing better drugs
IN VIVO | Sep 2012
How to create a lasting peace between biotech management, shareholders, and employees
IN VIVO | Jul/Aug 2011
 
PUBLISHED INTERVIEWS
Investing Upstream
BioCentury | Feb 2016
Biotech and Innovation: James Williams interviews Peter Kolchinsky of RA Capital Management
AlphaQ |  Dec 2015
RA Capital: Flexibility builds innovation
Partnering News  |  Sep 2015
Q&A: Biotech investing with crossover fund RA Capital 
FINalternatives |  Sep 2015
 


















Contact Us:General
Investors
Careers
Media
 



About us:Our values
Team
Portfolio
 








 © Copyright 2001-2017 RA Capital Management, LLC      This website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy, or a recommendation for any security; nor does it constitute an offer to provide investment advisory or other services by RA Capital Management, LLC ("RA Capital"). Nothing contained on the website constitutes investment advice or offers any opinion with respect to the suitability of any security, and the views expressed on this website should not be taken as advice to buy, sell, or hold any security or as an endorsement of any security or company. In preparing the information contained in this website, RA Capital has not taken into account the investment needs, objectives, and financial circumstances of any particular investor, and investments and companies referenced may not be suitable for all investors. Any views expressed on this website by RA Capital were prepared based upon information, believed to be reliable, available to it at the time such views were written. RA Capital makes no guarantees as to their accuracy or completeness. All information is subject to change and may quickly become unreliable for various reasons, including changes in market conditions or economic circumstances. By accessing this website, the reader agrees that he/she not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, alter, or distribute in any way material from this website in any manner inconsistent with the purposes for which it is offered without the prior written consent of RA Capital.














RA Capital Management




RA Capital Management















































ABOUT US
TEAM
TECHATLAS
VENTURE
CONTACT
OUTREACH



















Menu

×

ABOUT US
TEAM
TECHATLAS
VENTURE
CONTACT
OUTREACH

















EVIDENCE-BASED INVESTING IN HEALTHCARE & LIFE SCIENCES.
RA Capital Management (“RA Capital”) is a crossover investment manager dedicated to evidence-based investing in public and private healthcare and life science companies that are developing drugs, medical devices, and diagnostics.





DENALINATIONAL PARK & RESERVEALASKA 














"THERE IS SO MUCH LEFT TO DISCOVER." 
PETER KOLCHINSKY, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & PORTFOLIO  MANAGER





YELLOWSTONENATIONAL PARKIDAHO, MONTANA, WYOMING















ABOUT US
RA Capital Management® (“RA Capital”) is a crossover investment manager dedicated to evidence-based investing in public and private healthcare and life science companies that are developing drugs, medical devices, and diagnostics.
TOP



OUR VALUES:




    WE ORIGINATE CONVICTION WE DO NOT BORROW IT FROM OTHERS     WE EXPECT AND STRIVE TO INSPIRE THE BEST IN EVERYONE     WE EMBRACE THE UNFAMILIAR      WE DO NOT LET CONVENTION STAND IN THE WAY OF WHAT IS RIGHT     WE LEARN COLLABORATIVELY     WE ARE DATA-DRIVEN AND CHALLENGE ASSUMPTIONS      WE ARE PERSISTENTLY CURIOUS AND HUMBLED BY WHAT IS LEFT TO LEARN     WE ADMIT OUR MISTAKES AND SHARE LESSONS LEARNED     WE HAVE A BIAS FOR ACTION     WE ADDRESS THE ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM     WE VALUE OUR RELATIONSHIPS AND ARE POSITIVE, RESPECTFUL, AND OPEN-MINDED      WE TAKE FUN SERIOUSLY           






OUR VALUES:



OVERVIEW
BEYOND CAPITAL
TRANSLATION & HUNTING


Tab 1

WHO WE ARE
RA Capital Management® (“RA Capital”) is a crossover investment manager dedicated to evidence-based investing in public and private healthcare and life science companies that are developing drugs, medical devices, and diagnostics. The flexibility of its strategy allows RA Capital® to lead private, IPO, and follow-on financings for its portfolio companies, both facilitating the crossover process and allowing management teams to drive value creation with fewer capital concerns from inception through commercialization.
At RA Capital’s core is its TechAtlas research division, a scientifically trained team that maps out competitive landscapes in a continual effort to put data into context, identify breakthroughs, and originate conviction in new ideas. TechAtlas provides RA Capital’s investment team and portfolio companies (see Beyond Capital) with strategic intelligence, market research, and other resources. The team’s understanding of industry best practices is derived from an extensive collection of case studies documenting the impact of clinical trial design, partnership structures, public market dynamics, and many other factors on valuation and business viability.
RA Capital offers an Executive-in-Residence (EIR) program for experienced professionals seeking thought partners and a platform from which to survey diverse competitive landscapes in search of worthy projects, though we also have other models for collaborating with experienced “drug hunters” (see Translation and Hunting).


Tab 2

BEYOND CAPITAL
IN ADDITION TO CAPITAL, RA CAPITAL INVESTS CONSIDERABLE TIME AND RESOURCES INTO HELPING ITS PRIVATE AND PUBLIC PORTFOLIO COMPANIES SUCCEED.

We leverage our TechAtlas platform to identify potential indications as well as partners and acquirers that our portfolio companies may not have considered pursuing, as well as complementary drug candidates and technologies for in-licensing consideration.
Members of our Investment Team take board and/or observer seats when appropriate. We also host board meetings at our offices from time to time, providing access to maps to facilitate strategy discussions.
We help identify candidates for key executive positions at portfolio companies.
Portfolio companies are welcome to explore our maps with us; in certain cases, we may license one or more maps to them.


When appropriate, our team can create a custom map that comprehensively aggregates and organizes R&D opportunities as well as competitive and complementary technologies in those indications.
Portfolio companies have access to the TechAtlas team’s primary scientific and market research; we interview clinicians and KOLs, host Advisory Boards, and attend many academic conferences.
Our literature surveillance team flags discoveries that may be important to portfolio companies.
Our graphics design team helps portfolio companies communicate complex concepts with high quality graphics for their slides and websites, sometimes incorporating TechAtlas map elements.
Our communications team can offer assistance with grant writing and preparation of scientific publications.



Tab 3

TRANSLATION & HUNTING
WE ARE INTERESTED IN BOTH THE NOVEL AND THE RE-IMAGINED.

Discoveries and improvements in chemistry, molecular and cell biology, and material science create novel capabilities that open up new possibilities for tackling previously unsolved challenges.
The rules by which we understand biology are also constantly being defined and revised, revealing new applications for existing technologies and partially-developed drug candidates. Programs we consider worthwhile may form the basis for a new venture.
RA Capital’s TechAtlas platform is designed to systematize the translation of novel science and technology into optimal commercial applications, which both helps our portfolio companies with their pipeline prioritization as well as generates ideas for new venture formation.
In those areas that we have mapped, it typically takes us a few hours to go from a mechanism-inspired idea for treating a disease to knowing the companies that might have relevant clinical and preclinical assets to license, the companies from whom a candidate could be commissioned, trial designs and endpoints, competing and complementary agents, current and future standard of care, market size, comparable pricing, financing strategy, and potential acquirers, all meant to enable a thoughtful first-pass assessment of whether an idea could be worth a much deeper assessment.


The size and efficiency of our team allows us to parallelize the first-pass assessment of many ideas sourced from literature, technology transfer offices, pipelines of large pharma as well as small biotechnology companies, as well as discussions with academic researchers and clinicians.
We welcome experienced drug hunters searching for technologies/candidates and looking to start new companies to collaborate with our team and take advantage of the breadth and depth that the TechAtlas platform has to offer, as well as the capital we manage.
We believe that, when a business proposition is framed correctly, the capital markets have the resources and depth of understanding to fund proper experimental design and solution development, without forcing companies to cut corners, and we have collaborated extensively with other funds that share our philosophy to enable ambitious and capital intensive endeavors.




















"WE OWE A DEBT TO THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE MENTORED US, AND WE IN TURN HAVE A RESPONSIBILITY TO TURN OUR HARD WON LESSONS INTO A SOLID FOUNDATION FOR OUR INDUSTRY'S EMERGING INNOVATORS AND LEADERS."
RAJEEV SHAH, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & PORTFOLIO  MANAGER





SEQUOIA & KINGS CANYON NATIONAL PARKCALIFORNIA 













THE TEAM






InvestmentAnalysts/AssociatesOperationsAdministrationTechnologyCommunications/ResearchExecutive in ResidenceView All 






 MATTHEW COTTON
Software Engineer




 

MATTHEW COTTON
Software Engineer

 Matthew Cotton is a Software Engineer with the Technology Team at RA Capital Management. Matt’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to help guide internal software development to support competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. He holds a BS in Computer Security from Northeastern University, and worked previously as a Software Engineer for several companies, most recently HubSpot.
 








 GILLES DUFOUR, PhD
Associate




 

GILLES DUFOUR, PhD
Associate

 Gilles Dufour is an Associate with the Oncology Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Gilles’ primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on immuno-oncology and melanoma. Gilles holds Masters degrees in Pharmaceutical Sciences and Industrial Pharmacy from the University of Louvain and a PhD in Pharmaceutical and Biomedical Sciences from the University of Liège. He previously completed a post-doctoral fellowship at Harvard Medical School, where he investigated gene therapy for targeted cancer immunotherapies.








 AARON HILTNER
Publications Writer and Editor




 

AARON HILTNER
Publications Writer and Editor

 Aaron Hiltner is a Publications Writer and Editor with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Aaron’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to assist in writing articles on various topics related to biotech and life sciences. Aaron holds a BA in History from Gustavus Adolphus College and a PhD in History from Boston University. His graduate research focused on the policing of American soldiers and sailors stationed in the US during WWII. He worked previously as a Data Analyst at Global Schematics.








 ALLISON LORD PhD
Science Writer




 

ALLISON LORD PhD
Science Writer

 Allison Lord is a Science Writer with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Allison’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to edit and guide development of competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. Allison holds a BS in Biology from Boston College and a PhD in Cell and Molecular Biology from Boston University. Her doctoral research focused on cell death and phagocytosis in the Drosophila ovary. She worked previously as a Medical Writer with the fungal immunology group at Massachusetts General Hospital.








 SRI MAHENDRA
Software Engineer




 

SRI MAHENDRA
Software Engineer

 Sri Mahendra is a Software Engineer with the Technology Team at RA Capital Management. Sri’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to help guide internal software development to support competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electronics and Communications from Anna University, and a Master’s degree in Computer Science from Northeastern University. He previously worked as a Software Engineer for several companies, including Autodesk, the Advisory Board Company, and Maveric Systems.








 DAN MARKS, PhD
Associate




 

DAN MARKS, PhD
Associate

 Dan Marks is an Associate with the Orphan Disease Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Dan’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Dan holds a BS with Honors in Biology from Yale University and a PhD in Cancer Biology from the Gerstner Sloan Kettering School of Biomedical Sciences. His graduate research focused on identifying novel targets for disrupting the cell cycle in cancer cells.








 CAROL YWUC
Research Assistant




 

CAROL YWUC
Research Assistant

 Carol Ywuc is a Research Assistant with the Research Support Team at RA Capital Management. Carol’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct research and analysis for competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. Carol holds a BS in Biology from Holy Cross, where she studied microbial genetics. She worked previously as a Patient Access Specialist at Lahey Hospital.








 DANIEL BAHCHELI
Senior Science Writer




 

DANIEL BAHCHELI
Senior Science Writer

 Daniel Bahcheli is a Senior Science Writer with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Daniel’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to edit and guide development of competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. Daniel holds both a BS and MS degree in Microbiology and Immunology from McGill University. He worked previously as an Associate Managing Editor at EBSCO Health, and as a Medical Writer at IC Axon and Publicis Life Brands International.








 NETA BATSCHA
Analyst, Equity




 

NETA BATSCHA
Analyst, Equity

 Neta Batscha is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Neta’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Neta was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where she mapped competitive landscapes in the hematologic malignancy space and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Neta holds a BS in Biology from MIT, where she studied cholesterol metabolism in a research laboratory. She also previously worked as a clinical research assistant at the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s neonatal unit.








 JOEL BATSON, PhD
Science Project Coordinator




 

JOEL BATSON, PhD
Science Project Coordinator

 Joel Batson is a Science Project Coordinator with the Beyond Healthcare Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Joel’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to develop new tools to systematically evaluate developmental drugs, and to assess orthogonal technologies that intersect with the healthcare industry. Joel holds a BS in Chemistry from Morehouse College and a PhD in Organic Chemistry from MIT. His doctoral research involved the design and synthesis of organic electronic polymers and macromolecules. Joel previously worked as a Technology Specialist in intellectual property law at Clark+Elbing.








 RYAN BERRY, PhD
Associate




 

RYAN BERRY, PhD
Associate

 Ryan Berry is an Associate with the Cardio-Renal Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Ryan’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on coronary artery disease, stroke, and dyslipidemia. Ryan holds a BS in Biochemistry and Molecular Cell Biology from the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, and a PhD in Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology from Yale University. His doctoral research focused on cellular mechanisms of adipogenesis.








 JEFF BREAY
Head Trader




 

JEFF BREAY
Head Trader

 Jeff Breay is a Head Trader at RA Capital Management. His responsibilities include managing the portfolio’s public equity positions, monitoring market, sector, and individual equity dynamics, and maintaining relationships with broker/dealer counterparties. Jeff holds a BA in Economics and Psychology from Georgetown. Prior to joining RA Capital, Jeff worked for over 10 years as an institutional equity sales trader, primarily at KCG Holdings, Inc., where he managed the Boston office.








 CHRIS CALIRI
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY




 

CHRIS CALIRI
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

 Chris Caliri is the Director of Information Technology at RA Capital Management. Chris’ primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee the firm’s information technology program, including operations, development, and security. He holds a Master’s degree in Software Engineering from Brandeis University and a BA in Psychology from Providence College. He worked previously as the Director of Business Systems at Bain Capital Credit, and as a Senior Systems Analyst at eSecLending, LLC.








 MICHAEL CALORE
Director of Investor Relations




 

MICHAEL CALORE
Director of Investor Relations

 Michael Calore is the Director of Investor Relations at RA Capital Management. Michael’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to start and maintain relationships with current and potential investors. He was previously a marketing manager at Brighton House Associates, assisting with fundraising campaigns for a diverse group of investment managers, including private equity, venture capital, real estate, and hedge funds. He holds a BS in Finance from Providence College.








 PARKER CASSIDY, MBA
Executive in Residence: Emeritus




 

PARKER CASSIDY, MBA
Executive in Residence: Emeritus

 Parker Cassidy was an Executive in Residence at RA Capital Management. In this role, Parker surveyed a number of promising clinical spaces for potential investment and worked closely with select portfolio companies. Parker holds a BS in Mechanical Engineering from Boston University, and an MBA from Darden Business School at the University of Virginia. Parker is currently Chief Commercial Officer of the diagnostics company Mitra Biotech, Inc. and serves on the Board of three private diagnostics and biotools companies. Prior to his residency at RA Capital, Parker worked at Becton Dickinson, where he served as the senior leader of significant growth initiatives in molecular diagnostics (BD MAX) and continuous glucose monitoring. Prior to that, he served as a general manager for Upstate Biotechnology (now part of EMD Millipore).








 ERIN CLUTTER
Senior Graphic Design Manager




 

ERIN CLUTTER
Senior Graphic Design Manager

 Erin Clutter is a Senior Graphic Design Manager with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Erin’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to manage the design and creation of all internal and external documents and resources for the company, including competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, set brand standards, and oversee internal and external marketing efforts. Erin holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the Massachusetts College of Art & Design. She worked previously in desktop publishing and as a freelance designer.








 MARY PAT CONNOLLY
Strategic Project Coordinator




 

MARY PAT CONNOLLY
Strategic Project Coordinator

 Mary Pat Connolly is a Strategic Project Coordinator with the Research Support Team at RA Capital Management. Mary Pat’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to coordinate various projects across the company and oversee their initiation, planning, and execution. Mary Pat is a PMI-certified Project Management Professional (PMP) and holds a BA in Chemistry from Holy Cross, where she studied biodiesel fuel analysis.








 BEN DAKE, PhD
Associate




 

BEN DAKE, PhD
Associate

 Ben Dake is an Associate at RA Capital Management. Ben’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to identify compelling assets to help facilitate new company creation or investments in emerging seed-stage companies. Ben has also mapped competitive landscapes with a focus on cardiovascular diseases and regenerative medicine as a member of the Cardio-Renal Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital. Ben holds a BS in Biology and an MS in Virology from the University of Nebraska, Lincoln, and a PhD in Cancer Biology from the Tufts University School of Medicine. His doctoral research focused on breast cancer metastasis. Ben previously worked as a Research Assistant in a Neuroinflammation lab at Brigham and Women’s Hospital/Harvard Medical School, and was an Internet Application Developer at the Gallup Organization.








 AMANDA DANIELS
Chief Operating Officer




 

AMANDA DANIELS
Chief Operating Officer

 Amanda Daniels is the Chief Operating Officer at RA Capital Management. She has been a member of the operations team since joining RA Capital in February 2007. She is involved with the firm’s back office and operations, including finance, accounting and audit, compliance, partner relationships, and business continuity and policies. Prior to joining RA Capital, Amanda worked at a globally recognized custodian bank interfacing with investment managers of institutional mutual funds. She received a BS in Mathematics from St. Michael’s College.








 DEREK DiROCCO, PhD
Analyst, Equity




 

DEREK DiROCCO, PhD
Analyst, Equity

 Derek DiRocco is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Derek’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Derek was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped competitive landscapes in the solid tumor oncology space and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Derek holds a BA in Biology from Holy Cross College and a PhD in Pharmacology from the University of Washington. He conducted his postdoctoral research at Brigham and Women’s Hospital/Harvard Medical School, where he researched the role of the Wnt signaling pathway in mouse models of kidney disease, and was part of a team that discovered a stem cell subtype responsible for solid organ fibrosis.








 REBECCA DOBBIN
Research Assistant




 

REBECCA DOBBIN
Research Assistant

 Rebecca Dobbin is a Research Assistant with the Research Support Team at RA Capital Management. Rebecca’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct research and analysis for competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities. She holds a BS in Neuroscience and English from Bates College.








 MATT FERESTEN
Research + Technology Manager




 

MATT FERESTEN
Research + Technology Manager

 Matthew Feresten is a Research and Technology Manager with the Technology Team at RA Capital Management. Matt’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to gather team input to help guide internal software development to support competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities, and to provide software training and coordinate with outside technology vendors. He holds a BS in Biology from the College of William and Mary, where he studied the impact of ecological fragmentation on the prevalence of ticks and their bacterial pathogens.








 EMILY GREEN
Graphic Designer




 

EMILY GREEN
Graphic Designer

 Emily Green is a Graphic Designer with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Emily’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create graphics, charts, and other visuals for competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. In addition, she is responsible for overseeing content management for the RA Capital website, and designing visual elements for other internal and external communications. Emily holds a BS in Graphic Design from James Madison University.








 MATTHEW HAMMOND, PhD
Analyst, Equity




 

MATTHEW HAMMOND, PhD
Analyst, Equity

 Matthew Hammond is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Matthew’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Matthew was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped a number of competitive landscapes in the orphan disease space and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Matthew holds a BS in Environmental Health Science from the University of Georgia and both a PhD in Biomedical Science and an MBA in Finance from the University of Connecticut. His graduate research investigated immune response after intracerebral hemorrhage.








 KORIE HANDWERGER, PhD
Science Communications Manager




 

KORIE HANDWERGER, PhD
Science Communications Manager

 Korie Handwerger is the Science Communications Manager and a member of the Neurology Team at RA Capital Management. Korie’s primary responsibility is to oversee project management, training, and quality control of all written materials generated by the TechAtlas division. She also conducts research and analysis to create new competitive landscapes, with a focus on neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric disorders. Korie holds a PhD in Biology from Johns Hopkins University. She conducted her postdoctoral research at MIT, where she investigated self-propagating properties of infectious proteins (prions). Korie previously worked as an Assistant Professor and researcher in West Africa, and as a Scientific Editor at Cell Reports, Cell Press’ first open-access journal.








 RAHELEH HATAMI, PhD
Associate




 

RAHELEH HATAMI, PhD
Associate

 Raheleh Hatami is an Associate with the Oncology and Gastro Teams within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Raheleh’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on breast cancer, ovarian cancer, glioblastoma, and upper and lower GI indications. Raheleh holds a BA in Neuroscience from Columbia University and a PhD in Biomedical Sciences with a Cancer Biology focus from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. She previously completed a post-doctoral fellowship at the NYU School of Medicine, where she was also a Biotechnology Venture Intern at the NYU Office of Industrial Liaison and an intern at the Office of Therapeutics Alliances.








 BARBARA HERBST
Director of Trading Compliance + Operations




 

BARBARA HERBST
Director of Trading Compliance + Operations

 Barbara Herbst is the Director of Trading Compliance and Operations at RA Capital Management. She is involved with the firm’s back office and operations, including finance, audit, compliance, partner relationships, and business continuity and policies. Barbara holds a BS in Business Administration with a concentration in Finance from Boston University and has 11 years of experience in operations, compliance, and trading.








 CATHERINE HERNANDEZ
Administrative + Recruiting Coordinator 




 

CATHERINE HERNANDEZ
Administrative + Recruiting Coordinator 

 Catherine Hernandez is an Administrative & Recruiting Coordinator with the Administration Team at RA Capital Management. Catherine’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to coordinate calendars, events, and company meetings for the TechAtlas division, as well as assist with recruiting activities. She holds a BA in History from Boston University.








 JACK HOUGHTON
Software Engineer




 

JACK HOUGHTON
Software Engineer

 Jack Houghton is a Software Engineer with the Technology Team at RA Capital Management. Jack’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to manage systems and databases to support competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices across a range of disease indications and capabilities, and to coordinate with internal and external development teams. He holds a BS in Computer Information Systems from Bentley University and has over 15 years of experience as a Technical Sales Engineer and Senior Systems Analyst at various companies in the Boston area.








 CHIEZE IBENECHE-NNEWIHE, PhD
Senior Associate




 

CHIEZE IBENECHE-NNEWIHE, PhD
Senior Associate

 Chieze Ibeneche-Nnewihe is a Senior Associate at RA Capital Management. Chieze’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to identify compelling assets to help facilitate new company creation or investments in emerging seed-stage companies. Prior to this role, Chieze was an Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where she mapped competitive landscapes in extracellular factors, lysosomal proteins, muscular dystrophies, and ophthalmology. Chieze holds a BS and a PhD in Physics from the University of Texas at Austin. Her doctoral research focused on the underlying physical changes of the cytoplasm of yeast cells in response to glucose starvation.








 JULIA KEITH, PhD
Senior Associate




 

JULIA KEITH, PhD
Senior Associate

 Julia Keith is a Senior Associate with the Oncology Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Julia’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on immuno-oncology and melanoma. Julia holds a BS in Microbiology and Immunology from McGill University and a PhD in Molecular Microbiology from Tufts University. Her doctoral research investigated the immune response to infection with Yersinia pseudotuberculosis.








 SARAH KJELLMAN
Office Administrator 




 

SARAH KJELLMAN
Office Administrator 

 Sarah Kjellman is an Office Administrator with the Administration Team at RA Capital Management. Sarah’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to coordinate company meetings and resource logistics. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Sociology from Ohio Wesleyan University.








 PETER KOLCHINSKY, PhD
Portfolio Manager + Managing Director




 

PETER KOLCHINSKY, PhD
Portfolio Manager + Managing Director

 Peter Kolchinsky is a founder, Portfolio Manager, and Managing Director at RA Capital Management. Peter is active in both public and private investments in companies developing drugs, medical devices, diagnostics, and research tools, and serves as a Board Member for various public and privately held companies, including Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Wave Life Sciences Ltd. Peter also leads the firm’s outreach and publishing efforts, which aim to make a positive social impact and spark collaboration among healthcare stakeholders, including patients, physicians, researchers, policy makers, and industry.  He authored “The Entrepreneur’s Guide to a Biotech Startup” and served on the Board of Global Science and Technology for the National Academy of Sciences. Peter holds a BS from Cornell University and a PhD in Virology from Harvard University.








 DAVID KOLSTAD, MBA
Executive in Residence: Emeritus




 

DAVID KOLSTAD, MBA
Executive in Residence: Emeritus

 David Kolstad was the first Executive in Residence at RA Capital Management. In this role, David surveyed a number of promising clinical spaces for potential investment, worked closely with select portfolio companies, and launched Gentuity, LLC. Now CEO of Gentuity, David continues as a board member on a privately held company and as a resource to the RA Capital team. David holds a BS in Chemical Engineering from the Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from The Amos Tuck School of Business Administration at Dartmouth. Prior to his residency at RA Capital, David was a senior executive with St. Jude Medical serving as General Manager of its Imaging Business. He was previously Chairman and CEO of LightLab Imaging, and served as Vice President of Worldwide Marketing for Hewlett-Packard’s medical imaging business and Vice-Chair of Mass Medic.








 TYLER KOWALSKI
Graphic Designer




 

TYLER KOWALSKI
Graphic Designer

 Tyler Kowalski is a Graphic Designer with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Tyler’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create graphics, charts, and other visuals for competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Tyler holds a BA in Finance from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. He worked previously as a freelance graphic designer.








 MEGAN KRENCH, PhD
Associate




 

MEGAN KRENCH, PhD
Associate

 Megan Krench is an Associate with the Orphan Disease Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Megan’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Megan holds a BS with Honors in Neuroscience from Penn State University, and a PhD in Neuroscience from MIT. Her graduate research investigated the molecular pathogenesis of polyglutamine repeat diseases, such as Huntington’s disease. Megan previously worked as a Consultant at CBT Advisors and as a Visiting Lecturer at Tufts University.








 KATE LeCLAIR
Investor Relations Manager




 

KATE LeCLAIR
Investor Relations Manager

 Kate LeClair is an Investor Relations + Operations Manager with the Operations Team at RA Capital Management. Kate’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are to manage investor relations and business operations. She holds a degree in International Studies from Miami University. Kate previously worked as a Client Relations Manager at HighVista Strategies and as a Business Development Senior Associate at Cambridge Associates. Prior to that, she worked at two San Francisco-based investment banks on the trading and client relations teams, and at GWK Investments as an Equity Research Assistant.








 ANDREW LEVIN, MD/PhD
Managing Director 




 

ANDREW LEVIN, MD/PhD
Managing Director 

 Andrew Levin is a Managing Director at RA Capital Management. Andrew’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to evaluate public and private investments in companies developing drugs, medical devices, diagnostics, and research tools, with a focus on new company formation. He also serves as a Board Member for various privately held companies, including Arvinas Holding, LLC, and Synthorx, Inc. and is a Board Observer at RxSight, Inc. Andrew holds a BSE in Mechanical Engineering from Princeton University, a PhD in Biomedical Engineering from MIT, and an MD from Harvard Medical School. Andrew was previously Vice President at H.I.G. BioVentures and the Director of Pharmaceutical Sciences at the Clinton Health Access Initiative.








 DANIEL MACAYA, PhD
Analyst, Strategy




 

DANIEL MACAYA, PhD
Analyst, Strategy

 Daniel Macaya is an Analyst on the Strategy Team at RA Capital Management. Daniel’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee development of new healthcare technology landscapes across multiple disease indications and capabilities. Prior to this role, Daniel was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped competitive landscapes in autoimmune disease, metabolic disorders, and oncology indications, and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Daniel holds a BS in Materials Science and Engineering from Cornell University and a PhD in Medical Engineering from Harvard-MIT. His graduate research investigated clinically translatable treatments for spinal cord injury using injectable hydrogels. Daniel previously held several teaching assistantships, leading courses in clinical medicine and medical devices.








 KATIE MAHER, PhD
Corporate Communications Manager 




 

KATIE MAHER, PhD
Corporate Communications Manager 

 Katie Maher is a Corporate Communications Manager with the Communications Team at RA Capital Management. Katie’s primary responsibilities include developing and reviewing materials for both internal and external communications, including those communications related to the firm’s outreach efforts, published articles, and media relations. She holds a BS in Biology from Pennsylvania State University and a PhD in Molecular and Cellular Biology from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. Her doctoral work integrated molecular and genetic strategies to study the mechanism by which dopamine modulates neuronal activity in both individual neurons and neural circuits.








 NICHOLAS McGRATH, JD/LLM
General Counsel + Chief Compliance Officer




 

NICHOLAS McGRATH, JD/LLM
General Counsel + Chief Compliance Officer

 Nicholas McGrath is the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at RA Capital Management. Nick’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee the firm’s legal and compliance program. He holds a BA in International Business from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, a JD from the University of Maine School of Law, and an LLM from St. John’s University School of Law. Nick previously worked as a corporate associate for two law firms in the Boston area.








 CRISTINA MONTERO, PhD
Senior Associate




 

CRISTINA MONTERO, PhD
Senior Associate

 Cristina Montero is a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Cristina’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee development of new healthcare technology landscapes across multiple disease indications and capabilities. Prior to this role, Cristina mapped a number of competitive landscapes, including respiratory, allergic, and neurological conditions. Cristina holds a BS in Molecular Biology with a minor in Business from Washington University in St. Louis, and a PhD in Microbiology and Molecular Genetics from Harvard University. Her doctoral research focused on bacteriophage-mediated regulation of bacterial transcription. She also previously worked as an adjunct instructor at Simmons College and Harvard University.








 STEPHANIE MOORE
Director of Human Resources




 

STEPHANIE MOORE
Director of Human Resources

 Stephanie Moore is the Director of Human Resources at RA Capital Management. Stephanie’s primary responsibilities at RA Capital are talent management, assessment, and recruiting, as well as managing organizational growth and development. She holds a Master’s degree from the University of Rochester and a Bachelor’s degree from Boise State University. Stephanie previously led recruiting efforts at Aileron Therapeutics and was a Principal at J. Robert Scott Executive Search.








 KATE MOREAU, PhD
Analyst, Discovery




 

KATE MOREAU, PhD
Analyst, Discovery

 Kate Moreau is an Analyst on the Discovery Team at RA Capital Management. Kate’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to identify compelling assets to help facilitate new company creation or investments in emerging seed-stage companies. Prior to this role, Kate was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where she mapped competitive landscapes in ophthalmology, lower GI, and gene therapy, and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Kate holds a BA in Molecular Biology and Biochemistry from Rutgers University and a PhD in Biochemistry from MIT. Her doctoral research investigated the folding and aggregation of gamma-crystallins associated with cataract formation.








 KATHRYN ROY
Executive Assistant




 

KATHRYN ROY
Executive Assistant

 Kathryn Roy is an Executive Assistant with the Administration Team at RA Capital Management. Kathryn’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to support company executives by coordinating management agendas, calendars, and events. She is also in charge of managing and training the Administration Team and assisting the Operations Team with maintaining the accounts payable records, office operations, and various other projects. She holds a BS in Business Management from Quinnipiac University.








 ZACH SCHEINER, PhD
Analyst, Equity




 

ZACH SCHEINER, PhD
Analyst, Equity

 Zach Scheiner is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Zach’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Zach was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped competitive landscapes in neurology, ophthalmology, and dermatology, and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Zach holds a BS in Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry from Yale University, and a PhD in Neurobiology and Behavior from the University of Washington. His doctoral research focused on the regulation of the ERK/MAPK pathway by adenylyl cyclases during long-term memory formation and sensitization to drugs of abuse. Zach previously worked as a Science Officer at the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine.








 ERICH SCHELLER, PhD
Associate




 

ERICH SCHELLER, PhD
Associate

 Erich Scheller is an Associate with the Oncology and Cardio-Renal Teams within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Erich’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on lung cancer, obesity, and chronic kidney disease. Erich holds a BA in English Literature and Language from Harvard University and a PhD in Microbiology from the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. His graduate research investigated the role of fimbria in Bordetella adherence and virulence.








 ANDREW SENESI, PhD
Associate




 

ANDREW SENESI, PhD
Associate

 Andrew Senesi is an Associate with the Beyond Healthcare Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Andrew’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to identify and assess orthogonal technologies that intersect with the healthcare industry. Andrew holds a PhD in Chemistry from Northwestern University, where he focused on the development of DNA scaffold-based nanoparticle superlattices with novel emergent properties. His postdoctoral work at Argonne National Laboratories involved characterization of nanomaterials using X-ray scattering technologies. Andrew worked previously as an associate at the Chicago Innovation Exchange, a University of Chicago-focused incubator with an associated VC fund.








 GERALD SEWACK, PhD
 Director of TechAtlas




 

GERALD SEWACK, PhD
 Director of TechAtlas

 Gerald Sewack is the Director of the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Gerald’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to oversee the creation of competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Gerald holds a PhD in Molecular and Cellular Biology from Harvard Medical School. His research investigated chromatin structure and transcription factor binding. He worked previously at Global Prior Art, an intellectual property analysis firm.








 RAJEEV SHAH
Portfolio Manager + Managing Director




 

RAJEEV SHAH
Portfolio Manager + Managing Director

 Rajeev Shah is a Portfolio Manager and Managing Director at RA Capital Management. Raj is active in both public and private investments in companies developing drugs, medical devices, diagnostics, and research tools. He is also active in the firm’s outreach efforts, speaking frequently both at industry events and in classrooms. Raj holds a BS from Cornell University, where he majored in Chemistry with a concentration in Economics. Raj previously worked as a Senior Project Leader at Altus Pharmaceuticals, a spin-off company of Vertex Pharmaceuticals, where he assessed business processes and implemented system solutions across all areas of science. He is also an active member of the Big Brothers of Massachusetts Bay program.








 JAKE SIMSON, PhD
Analyst, Equity




 

JAKE SIMSON, PhD
Analyst, Equity

 Jake Simson is an Analyst on the Equity Team at RA Capital Management. Jake’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to conduct due diligence on biotechnology companies. Prior to this role, Jake was a Senior Associate on the Landscape Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital, where he mapped competitive landscapes in the solid tumor oncology space and performed in-depth analyses of pharma pipelines. Jake holds a BS in Materials Science and Engineering from MIT and a PhD in Biomedical Engineering from Johns Hopkins University. In his doctoral research, he investigated clinically translatable treatments for musculoskeletal tissue repair using injectable hydrogels.








 LAURA STOPPEL, PhD
Associate




 

LAURA STOPPEL, PhD
Associate

 Laura Stoppel is an Associate with the Oncology and Neurology Teams within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Laura’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities. Laura holds a BA in Biology and Psychology from Harvard University, and a PhD in Neuroscience from MIT. Her graduate research investigated synaptic translation in syndromic autism.








 ANTHONY WALSH, PhD
Associate




 

ANTHONY WALSH, PhD
Associate

 Anthony Walsh is an Associate with the Neurology and Autoimmune Teams within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Anthony’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on schizophrenia, epilepsy, lupus, and multiple sclerosis. Anthony holds a BA in Biochemistry from Trinity College, Dublin, and a PhD in Biophysics from Oxford University. His doctoral research investigated the biological applications of DNA cages, including potential uses for in vivo imaging and targeted delivery of macromolecules into living cells.








 ELAINE WONG
Associate




 

ELAINE WONG
Associate

 Elaine Wong is an Associate with the Autoimmune Team within the TechAtlas division of RA Capital Management. Elaine’s primary responsibility at RA Capital is to create competitive landscapes of drugs and medical devices for disease indications and capabilities, with a focus on acne, rosacea, atopic dermatitis, and psoriasis. Elaine holds a BA in Architecture from Wellesley College. She previously conducted market research at Nielsen, where she analyzed physician and consumer preferences for life sciences companies.








 KAI WU
Chief Financial Officer




 

KAI WU
Chief Financial Officer

 Kai Wu is the Chief Financial Officer at RA Capital Management. He is involved in the firm’s back office and operations, including finance, accounting, auditing, taxes, regulatory, and legal. Kai previously served as the CFO/CCO of both Palo Alto Investors and Lucerne Capital Management. He holds a BS in Business Administration from Georgetown University.




















“The biotech industry is producing results at an unprecedented rate on the foundation of profound scientific breakthroughs.
AS INVESTORS AND THOUGHT PARTNERS, IT IS A TRUE PRIVILEGE TO SUPPORT MANAGEMENT TEAMS AS THEY TRANSLATE THEIR TECHNOLOGIES INTO BENEFITS FOR PATIENTS.”
ANDREW LEVIN, MD/PhD
MANAGING DIRECTOR





ARCHESNATIONAL PARKUTAH 














VENTURE
RA Capital has a particular interest in funding innovation that contributes to the following healthcare themes, which converge on a higher quality and more cost-effective delivery of significant healthcare outcomes. These investment themes may change in the future.
TOP

















CROSSOVER/VENTURE INVESTMENTS
















INVESTMENTS
ACQUIRED/IPO'D















INVESTMENTTHEMES













































Information listed is as of July 1, 2017. The list of companies above includes private and public companies that have been or currently are in RA Capital’s portfolio, is for illustrative purposes only, and is not exhaustive. References, either general or specific, to securities and/or issuers are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendations to purchase or sell such securities. The earliest illustrated crossover venture investment occurred in February 2012. Due to confidentiality restrictions, investments in certain companies are not illustrated.  RA Capital makes no representations, and it should not be assumed, that past investment selection is necessarily reflective of future investment selection or performance.











































Information listed is as of July 1, 2017. The list of companies above includes private and public companies that have been or currently are in RA Capital’s portfolio, is for illustrative purposes only, and is not exhaustive. References, either general or specific, to securities and/or issuers are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendations to purchase or sell such securities. The earliest illustrated crossover venture investment occurred in February 2012. Due to confidentiality restrictions, investments in certain companies are not illustrated.  RA Capital makes no representations, and it should not be assumed, that past investment selection is necessarily reflective of future investment selection or performance.









RA Capital has a particular interest in funding innovation that contributes to the following healthcare themes, which converge on a higher quality and more cost-effective delivery of significant healthcare outcomes. These investment themes may change in the future.



PREVENTION & CURES



Diagnostics and interventions that are demonstrated to prevent and/or cure disease are of greater value than those that ameliorate symptoms and delay disease progression, especially if only incrementally. We are interested in ambitious objectives, hard outcomes measures, and proper controls.





COST-EFFECTIVE DIAGNOSTICS & INTERVENTIONS



Most of the new products coming to market in the next few years will have to compete in a world that increasingly values cost effectiveness. We are interested in seeing data from Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials that inform models of cost effectiveness, especially with endpoints that are recognized by private and public payors.





GENETIC TESTING & PERSONALIZED MEDICINE



We are looking for companies with low-cost technologies that have a competitive advantage in genetic testing and/or other diagnostics, including exclusive access to relevant, well-curated patient samples and healthcare outcomes. We have particular interest in a number of current niche areas, including carrier tests, prenatal tests, and the combination of pre-implantation diagnosis/IVF, because we believe these technologies will increase in importance and availability with the advent of low-cost sequencing.





PATIENT/PHYSICIAN CONVENIENCE



There will continue to be a need for technological improvements that meaningfully transform how healthcare is delivered, converting a treatment that would normally require a hospital admission into an out-patient procedure, allowing a patient to take an oral pill or self-administer a subcutaneous injection at home instead of having to see a physician to receive an IV infusion, or delivering a rapid diagnostic test at the point of care instead of requiring a second appointment to discuss the results. However, until we see more common sense in the way in which physicians and hospitals are compensated for their services and patients are billed for their utilization, companies will need to remain mindful of the myriad ways in which the healthcare system’s incentive schemes cause counterintuitive practices to remain entrenched (e.g., in the US, physicians in private practice have a financial incentive, a.k.a. “ASP+6%”, to prescribe expensive IV-administered drugs and therefore are disincentivized from switching to a cheaper drug or a more convenient subcutaneous form of the same drug for which there may not be the same incentive).





SMALL-MOLECULE REPLACEMENTS FOR BIOLOGICS



Although it is clear from the FDA guidance documents on biosimilars that there will be high barriers to allowing pharmacy substitution of biologics with lower cost biosimilars/biogenerics and therefore biologics are unlikely to ever be commoditized in the same way that small-molecules are when patents expire, it is hard to believe that the global healthcare system will be able to indefinitely tolerate biologic drug cost inflation. We are interested in small-molecule drugs that can deliver comparable efficacy/safety to biologics, ideally with greater convenience to patients (e.g., oral pills vs. injectables). We expect that, all else being equal, public and private payors will favor such “genericizable” small-molecule drugs over “ungenericizable” biologics.




























20 PARK PLAZA BOSTON, MA 02116
T: 617.778.2500



















CONTACT US
RA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
20 Park Plaza, Suite 1200
Boston, MA 02116
T: 617.778.2500www.RACAP.com
TOP
















CONTACT















CAREERS
















If you are with a healthcare or
life-science company, please contact:
KATHRYN ROY,
Executive Assistant 
 P: 617.778.2558  |   kroy@racap.com 
If you are interested in joining
RA Capital, please contact:
 STEPHANIE MOORE,
Director of Human Resources 
P: 617.778.2587  |   skmoore@racap.com







For investor relations,
please contact: 
MICHAEL CALORE,
Director of Investor Relations 
P:  617.778.2518  |   mcalore@racap.com 








We welcome inquiries from people interested in joining the RA Capital team. From time to time we may post specific positions that we are looking to fill, but more often we will create positions for the right people.
Senior executives interested in a position with one of our portfolio companies are also welcome to submit their resume and description of their desired position.
Please contact Stephanie Moore at skmoore@racap.com. 






















"WE ARE PRIVILEGED TO BE TAUGHT EVERYDAY BY THE GREATEST SCIENTIFIC MINDS IN THE INDUSTRY AND ACADEMIA.
Our curiosity and work drive us to restore context to data and knowledge, from which emerge remarkable insights, each one potentially inspiring investment in outstanding people and technologies. But to have the greatest positive social impact, we must share those insights in an effort to enrich discourse and spark collaboration among all stakeholders, including patients, physicians, innovators, researchers, policy makers, and the next generation searching for inspiration.”
PETER KOLCHINSKY, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & PORTFOLIO MANAGER





EVERGLADESNATIONAL PARKFLORIDA 














OUTREACH
From class rooms to board rooms, we believe in sharing what we have learned from thousands of case studies about clinical trials, product development, and business/finance strategy with our portfolio companies and, through our outreach efforts, with the broader healthcare and life science community.
TOP





×
RA CAPITAL PUBLICATIONS
BEFORE ACCESSING THE PUBLICATIONS PAGE, THE READER MUST REVIEW AND ACKNOWLEDGE THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Publications are provided for informational purposes only and do not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy, or a recommendation for any security, nor do they constitute an offer to provide investment advisory or other services by RA Capital Management (“RA Capital”).
The content of the publications neither constitutes investment advice nor offers any opinion with respect to the suitability of any security. Views expressed in the publications should not be taken as advice to buy, sell or hold any security or as an endorsement of any security or company; such views were formed based upon information, believed to be reliable, that was available at the time the publications were written.
Strategies and companies referenced in the publications may not be suitable for all investors. Accounts managed by RA Capital may invest in certain companies referenced in the publications; however, RA Capital makes no guarantees as to accuracy or completeness of views expressed in the publications.
More specifically, views expressed in the publications are subject to change, and may have become unreliable for various reasons, including changes in market conditions or economic circumstances. By accessing the publications, the reader agrees that he/she will not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, alter, or distribute the publications in any way that is inconsistent with the purposes for which they are offered, without the prior written consent of RA Capital.
By clicking “I Agree”, you acknowledge the foregoing terms and conditions.
I AGREE CANCEL





GENERAL
PUBLICATIONS

The biotechnology industry is a vibrant community of researchers, business executives, and investors often charting new territory in the pursuit of innovation. After many years of investing in both public and private companies across the therapeutic, diagnostic, and device landscapes, our team has come to recognize some of the patterns of success and failure. We believe in openly contributing what we know; we have shared our perspective on valuation methods, business models, clinical trial design, and other best practices gleaned from hundreds of case studies in boardrooms, classrooms, conferences, and articles.
For example, we have helped entrepreneurs identify comparables for their businesses, guided management teams in prioritizing their development programs, helped companies gauge when they might be IPO-ready, and informed companies’ decision about how much capital to raise, when to raise it, which banks to work with, and which investors to talk to.
On occasion, we have also had the pleasure of speaking with students near and far (University of Helsinki currently holds the record/tops the charts/is the current leader for furthest distance). We typically discuss trends in innovation, how we invest, and risks in the healthcare and life science industries; we hope they remember us when they someday launch companies and are looking for capital.
We do our best to make time for outreach and welcome all queries –
contact Katie Maher at kmaher@racap.com.


Hepatitis C commercial game theory
Xconomy |  Jan 2015
Rethinking venture philanthropy after the Kalydeco windfall
Xconomy | Dec 2014
How to save $200 billion and cure hepatitis C
Xconomy | Jul 2013
Solution Development: a model for structuring biotechs and developing better drugs
IN VIVO | Sep 2012
How to create a lasting peace between biotech management, shareholders, and employees
IN VIVO | Jul/Aug 2011
 
PUBLISHED INTERVIEWS
Investing Upstream
BioCentury | Feb 2016
Biotech and Innovation: James Williams interviews Peter Kolchinsky of RA Capital Management
AlphaQ |  Dec 2015
RA Capital: Flexibility builds innovation
Partnering News  |  Sep 2015
Q&A: Biotech investing with crossover fund RA Capital 
FINalternatives |  Sep 2015
 


















Contact Us:General
Investors
Careers
Media
 



About us:Our values
Team
Portfolio
 








 © Copyright 2001-2017 RA Capital Management, LLC      This website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy, or a recommendation for any security; nor does it constitute an offer to provide investment advisory or other services by RA Capital Management, LLC ("RA Capital"). Nothing contained on the website constitutes investment advice or offers any opinion with respect to the suitability of any security, and the views expressed on this website should not be taken as advice to buy, sell, or hold any security or as an endorsement of any security or company. In preparing the information contained in this website, RA Capital has not taken into account the investment needs, objectives, and financial circumstances of any particular investor, and investments and companies referenced may not be suitable for all investors. Any views expressed on this website by RA Capital were prepared based upon information, believed to be reliable, available to it at the time such views were written. RA Capital makes no guarantees as to their accuracy or completeness. All information is subject to change and may quickly become unreliable for various reasons, including changes in market conditions or economic circumstances. By accessing this website, the reader agrees that he/she not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, alter, or distribute in any way material from this website in any manner inconsistent with the purposes for which it is offered without the prior written consent of RA Capital.








	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































