

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	RABBLE Trademark of Tolliver Ranch Brands, LLC. Serial Number: 86405674 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Wines and Spirits Products
RABBLE










 
Get FREE email alerts













RABBLE  Trademark Information
 Tolliver Ranch Brands, LLC
Wines




Perfect for these industries

Wines and Spirits Products





Words that describe this mark
wines    
                                    




This is a brand page for the RABBLE trademark by Tolliver Ranch Brands, LLC 
                                in Arroyo Grande, CA, 93421.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this RABBLE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Tolliver Ranch Brands, LLC of the RABBLE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the RABBLE trademark.
                           






On Thursday, September 25, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        RABBLE by 
                        Tolliver Ranch Brands, LLC, Arroyo Grande, CA  93421.
                        The USPTO has given the RABBLE 
                        trademark serial  number of  86405674.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for RABBLE is 
                        
                        
                                            ELIZABETH L. KUNKLE of 
                                            NEAL & MCDEVITT, LLC,  1776 ASH ST, NORTHFIELD, IL 60093-3001 
                                .
                            The RABBLE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Wines and Spirits Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for RABBLE 
                            is Wines. 
                            





Word mark:
 RABBLE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

6/21/2016



  Serial Number:  
86405674


  Filing Date:  
9/25/2014


 Registration Number:  
4984077 


 Registration Date:  
6/21/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Wines


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/24/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Tolliver Ranch Brands, LLCArroyo Grande, CA  93421
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ELIZABETH L. KUNKLE
NEAL & MCDEVITT, LLC
1776 ASH ST
NORTHFIELD, IL 60093-3001






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (033) - Alcoholic beverages (except beers). 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/10/2016


First Use In Commerce: 
3/10/2016





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your RABBLE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/21/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ELIZABETH L. KUNKLE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of RABBLE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search rabble on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for RABBLE 




RABBLE is providing Wines.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 







































 



 Rabble.TV Launches Real-Time Streaming Audio Platform for Live Sports and Television 
         










    










 






 











 









Rabble.TV Launches Real-Time Streaming Audio Platform for Live Sports and Television

Apr 06, 2015, 11:05 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Rabble.TV 











 
















































 

 




















 


NASHVILLE, Tenn., April 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Rabble.TV today announced the official launch of its free, community-driven, live audio streaming website and app. Targeted at sports and television fans, Rabble lets users create and find alternative audio options for their favorite sports and TV shows.
Visit Rabble on the web at www.rabble.tv
Rabble provides sports fans a unique and interactive way to experience game day with their favorite teams. Instead of listening to the canned network audio, users can hear games broadcast by actual fans – or they can chose to broadcast the games themselves.
"There's a groundswell of sports fans who are tired of national sportscasters spouting cliches as they emotionlessly call games that matter to us," said co-founder Ryan Tyrrell. "Rabble allows fans to take charge of their game experience by giving them the ability to create or listen to live broadcasts from fans just as passionate as they are. Rabble is more than just an audio platform – it's audio democracy."
Rather than attempting to replace existing network anchors with another stable of professional broadcasters, Rabble has opened their broadcast platform to the public, and will allow anyone to broadcast on their site. Users vote on the best content, and the community itself determines which broadcasts rise to the top. That content may be an alternate audio broadcast of the game of the week or a comedian riffing on an episode of some obscure reality show buried in some dark corner of the cable guide. 
Realizing that many television viewers are as fanatical about their favorite shows as sports fans are about the teams they love, Rabble creators have also built in functionality for users to create broadcasts about movies and shows directly from a built-in television guide.
Rabble was created to meet the communication needs of modern sports and television fans, who are already engaging with one another during the games and shows they love via social networking sites, message boards, and text conversations. Rabble aims to combine all of these extraneous second screen activities into a single game or show thread with the added benefit of being able to replace or augment the existing audio.
Key Features

Broadcast live commentary to listeners everywhere 
Listen to passionate, humorous and informative fan-created commentary on any TV show or sports event 
Game and show threads create an interactive event experience 
iOS mobile companion app enables users to listen from anywhere 
Available for any sports or television event 
No need to audition or qualify for a broadcasting spot – just sign up to start Rabbling today
About Rabble.TVRabble is a community driven social audio platform that allows users to broadcast and discuss their insights and opinions about live sports and television.
To learn more about Rabble, please visit https://rabble.tv.
Like Rabble on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RabbleTV Follow Rabble on Twitter: https://twitter.com/rabbletv
 
 SOURCE  Rabble.TV  

RELATED LINKS
https://www.rabble.tv



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 29, 2015, 11:18 ET
Preview: Rabble.TV Introduces Free Live Streaming Audio Service






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Rabble One, LLC Reg A SEC Securities Filing | Disclosure Quest

















← Back to search


    Currently Viewing:
    
DocumentHTML
Offering Circular
image_002.jpg
image_003.jpg
v467964_ex11-2.htm
pg35img1_partiiandiii.jpg
0001144204-17-029895.txt




Link to this page



Tweet this filing 


Artboard 1
      Offering Circular
    

URL copied to clipboard



    Unfortunately, there is no HTML record of this filing.
  










Rabble | Discuss. Sports. Live. Get it on iOS or Android.Privacy PolicyWe are GR Ventures, LLC d/b/a Rabble (“we” or “Rabble”), and we thank you for using our products and services. This Privacy Policy applies to Rabble and the Rabble Services (as defined in the Terms of Use) [insert hyperlink]. Federal law requires us to tell you how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information. Federal law also limits how we can use your personal information. Protecting your privacy and the security of your personal information is very important to us.While we hope you enjoy this new kind of live streaming experience and take advantage of all Rabble and the Rabble Services have to offer, it is important that you understand exactly how and why we use your information. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING RABBLE AND THE RABBLE SERVICES. If you do not agree to any of the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, you may not use Rabble and the Rabble Services.This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from you and what we do with it on and offline. Our Privacy Policy does not address the information, privacy and security practices or policies of any other website, and you should review the privacy practices of the third party website you visit.We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our site, and by updating the Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of our products and services after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at feedback@rabble.tv.What We Collect and How We Collect It.We collect two basic types of information:Personal InformationThis refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal Information is your personally identifiable information, including first and last name linked together with one or more of the following: birth year, gender, email address, mailing address, telephone number, likeness, face, geolocation information, financial or payment information, web browsing history, and/or IP address associated with your devices. To the extent we associate non-personal information with Personal Information, we treat the combination as Personal Information. When you engage in certain activities, such as registering for an account, downloading or purchasing a product or service, live streaming, submitting content, posting content in the user forums, and/or sending us feedback, we may ask you to provide Personal Information, and we also may collect Personal Information as you navigate our websites.  When you live stream using our products and services, we will collect recordings of your voice and photographs/video of you. When ordering products or services, you may be asked to provide a credit card number, and we will collect financial or payment information.Anonymous informationThis is information that does not by itself identify you individually, does not permit a direct association with you. Anonymous Information may include one or more types of other information described in the prior paragraph; provided, however, it is not linked with your name or address, and when combined with other Anonymous Information does not provide sufficient information for a third party to identify you.  We gather certain information about you based upon the products and services you use and the sites that directed you to us. We may compile and analyze this anonymous information on both a single user and an aggregated basis. Non-personal Information may include information derived from Personal Information that has been de-personalized by removing unique identifiers and/or combining it with information about other users to form aggregated data.How We Collect and Use InformationPersonal InformationWe do not collect any Personal Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.  However, you may be required to provide certain Personal Information to us when you use certain of our products or services. These services may include: (a) registering for an account; (b) recording yourself while live streaming; (c) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (d) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (e) sending us an email message; (f) submitting a form or transmitting other information by telephone or letter; or (g) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services. When processing certain information, such as payment information with affiliated banking institutions or payment processors, we encrypt the transaction using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology in order to prevent your Personal Information from being stolen or intercepted. Additionally, your credit card information is never stored on our servers.Permitted Uses of Personal InformationWe will primarily use your Personal Information to provide our products and services to you. If you live stream, we will share your voice recordings, photos and videos, together with any other Personal Information you choose to share, with your listeners and/or viewers. We will also use certain forms of Personal Information to enhance the operation of our products and services, improve our internal marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze usage, improve our product and service offerings, and customize the content, layout, and operation of our products and services. We may use Personal Information to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. Finally, we may use your Personal Information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.Anonymous InformationWe, as well as our third party advertising partners, may collect certain Anonymous Information. For example, we may use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software, to administer our products and services and to gather demographic information. Our third party advertising partners may also provide us with reports that will tell us anonymous information and statistics about you and our other users.Cookies, Beacons and Log Files.CookiesDepending on how you use our products and services, we will store cookies on your computer in order to collect certain aggregate data about our users and to customize certain aspects of your specific user experience. A cookie is a small data text file which is stored on your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. Cookies may also include more personalized information, such as your IP address, browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and your first name to welcome you back to our website. We may use cookies to perform tasks such as: monitoring aggregate site usage metrics, storing and remembering your passwords (if you allow us to do so), storing account and advertising preferences that you have set, and personalizing the products and services we make available to you. However, we do not use cookies to track your browsing behaviors. We may also use an outside advertising partner to display advertisements on our products and services. These advertisers will place a separate cookie on your computer. We will not provide any third-party advertising partners with any of your Personal Information or information about your purchases. We and our third party advertisers will collect and use Anonymous Information about you. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some aspects of the products and services may not function properly if you elect to disable cookies.Web BeaconsWhen you use our products and services, we may also collect aggregated site-visitation statistical information through clear GIF technology which is also known as a “web beacon.” This aggregated statistical information is non-personal information. We use web beacons to speed your navigation of our websites, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your site usage. Web beacons are small bits of code embedded in web pages or emails that assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page has been viewed and, if so, how many times. Although you cannot decline to receive web beacons when visiting a web page, you can choose not to receive web beacons by email if you disable HTML images or refuse HTML email messages. However, that may make some features of our products and services fail to function properly.Log FilesOur servers automatically recognize the Internet URL from which you access our websites. We may also log your IP address for system administration and troubleshooting purposes.When and How We Release InformationService PartnersWe will not sell, trade, or rent your Personal Information to others. We do provide some of our products and services through contractual arrangements made with affiliates, service providers, partners and other third parties (“Service Partners”). We and our Service Partners may need to disclose and/or use some of your Personal Information to perform various tasks between our respective sites or to deliver products or services to you. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products and services purchased from us. We will encourage our Service Partners to adopt and promote strong privacy policies. However, the use of your Personal Information by our Service Partners is governed by their respective privacy policies, and is not subject to our control. This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Third party websites, products and services, including our Service Partners, have their own data collection, use and disclosure practices and policies. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.Law EnforcementOccasionally, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. In such cases, we will disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.Anonymous Information.We may also provide third party advertisers with Anonymous Information about our customers’ sales, traffic patterns, and related product and service information, but these statistics do not include any Personal Information.Upon Sale of Our CompanyIf our company or substantially all of its assets is sold, goes out of business, or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that may be transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that any acquirer of our business may continue to use your personally identifying and non-personally identifying information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.How to Update and Correct Your InformationUpdating Your Information  We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the Personal Information that you have provided to us. You may change any of your Personal Information in your account at any time by logging into your account. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by emailing or writing us at:Attn:  Privacy Compliance OfficerGR Ventures, LLC d/b/a Rabble 1201 16th Avenue South Nashville, TN  37212-2920Email: feedback@rabble.tvPlease include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us.LimitationsWe encourage you to promptly update your Personal Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, some information, such as past transactions, logs of technical support calls, or other information may not be deleted. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.Your Controls Over How we Collect and Use Your InformationChoices  We provide you the ability to exercise certain choices and controls regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information. Upon creation of an account with us, your controls and choices may include:Whether to receive subscriptions, newsletters and alerts;Whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services, or products and services that we think may be of interest to you;Whether we share your Personal Information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services; andWhether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers.Opt OutIf you do not want to receive solicitations from us, you can “opt-out” by accessing your account and indicating that you no longer wish to receive such offers and mailings. You also have choices with respect to cookies, as described herein. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies some parts of our products and services may not work properly.Security PrecautionsSecurityThe security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect user information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will retain your Personal Information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.Access LimitsWe limit access to Personal Information to specific employees, contractors and agents who have a reasonable need to access your information. For example, we may provide members of our technical support team with limited access to your account in order to allow them to troubleshoot problems you may be having. Wherever your Personal Information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your Personal Information. Additionally, when using or disclosing Personal Information transferred from the European Union, we abide by the Safe Harbor Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission, adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards, or obtain your consent. We also apply the substantive requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles when transferring Personal Information from Australia.Security Breaches PossibleUnfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us cannot be guaranteed.Everything ElseCOPPA  We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 through the Rabble Services. If we discover that any information is collected from a child under the age of 13, such information will be immediately and permanently removed from the Rabble Services.You Must be An Adult.You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use our products and services. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information about minor visitors.California ResidentsCalifornia Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to feedback@rabble.tv or contact us at:GR Ventures, LLC 1201 16th Avenue South Nashville, TN  37212-2920If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at feedback@rabble.tv.Privacy Policy last updated: June 21, 2016




Rabble, an Equity Crowdfunding Platform for Impact Investing - Gear Patrol












































































































July 28, 2017















 

Equity CrowdfundingInvest in Businesses and Projects You Care About — Starting at Just $100


Tech 
By Tucker Bowe 

 

Further Reading

 

Deals of Note: Save on a Triggerpoint Foam Roller, H&M Clothes & More

 

The 25 Best Craft Breweries in America

 

These Custom-Made Backpacks Are Insanely Beautiful

 

The 10 Best Watches Under $1,000

 

Which Running Headphones Should You Buy Next?

 

By now, most people understand the concept behind crowdfunding platforms like Kickstarter: invest in a product and help bring it to market; receive the product . Simple. A similar concept applies to equity crowdfunding, except instead of investing in a product, people are investing in the company or project itself. They’re buying equity. And they can start investing for as little as $100. 
More Tech This New GoPro Feature Automatically Edits Your Videos and Makes Sharing Even EasierFive (New) iPhone Hacks That Will Save You TimeUSB 3.2 — What Is It? (And Will the iPhone 8 Support It?)



Previously, regulations set by the Securities Act of 1934 to protect average people (from being swindled) also prevented those same people from investing in things like small startups, funds and real estate. Basically, if they weren’t an accredited investor (i.e., someone with an annual income of $200,000 or more), they couldn’t invest. That changed with Title III of the JOBS Act, which was passed in March 2015 and kicked into effect March 2016. Now, if projects are open to equity crowd fundraising, people can invest in them. 
Rabble is a new equity crowdfunding platform that focuses not on real estate of small businesses, but on impact investing: projects that have a positive social and/or environmental impact. These projects can be anything from urban farms to renovated buildings. Basically, Rabble is a platform that allows people to invest in projects that they actually care about, at a minimal cost, and earn a return on their investment at the same time.
At launch, Rabble is only backing one project: Century Partners, a group dedicated to renovating and rebuilding housing units in Detroit. But more projects will be added to Rabble’s site in the future. We asked Umber Bawa, founder and CEO of Rabble, for more on Rabble, equity crowdfunding and how people can get involved.
The following interview has been edited for length and clarity.
Q: What is equity crowdfunding and why is it new? 
A: Crowd investment, or equity crowdfunding, is where people pool their capital to finance a project or company that will yield some financial return. It allows people to become investors in projects or companies. This differs from donation-based crowdfunding in that “backers” aim to receive some financial return, instead of a product or “thank you gift” for different levels of participation. 
What’s new stems from the JOBS Act. Recent JOBS Act rulings represent a transformational shift in securities law. For the first time, everyday people can invest in private companies. It allows companies to raise funds with a less cumbersome process than an IPO, and it allows non-accredited investors to participate in offerings that previously were reserved for high-net-worth individuals. This can result in innovative firms or projects that get funding from people who believe in the team and mission. 
Q: Among other equity crowdfunding platforms, how is Rabble unique?
A: Most platforms focus either solely on startup companies or on real estate at this time. Rabble’s focus lies in between these two: we seek innovative, exciting and socially/environmentally responsible projects that are tied to real assets with strong historical performance. For example, we would help raise funds to build out an art gallery that has strong leadership, has been in existence for some time and has demonstrated an ability to pay back a note in a specified timeframe. We list projects that have a clear revenue model, are in operation, and are doing work that the community at large values; one that is good for a neighborhood or the environment. 
Very few folks in this arena are emphasizing the impact investing space at this time — however, investment is shifting that way as millennials start investing and bringing their cultural attitudes with them. At the same time, institutional investors are focusing on ways to get involved in socially responsible investing with clear social return — Rabble is one way. 


Q: How is Rabble different from investment apps like Mint or Robinhood?
A: Rabble allows you to invest in private companies and project specific ventures. You can think of it as private equity or venture capital that is available to anyone.
Q: So, is Rabble an app, website or both? And how can somebody invest?
A: Right now, you can access Rabble on the web. We provide more than just the interface; our team vets each project, takes the project through the legal approval process, and then makes the offering available through our site. After the project is up and running, we provide the backend to give backers/investors access to dividend payments in a very sleek, easy-to-use interface. 
All people need to do to get started is to sign up with a U.S.-issued photo ID, link a bank account, review the projects, and invest. 
Q: How many projects is Rabble linked with at the moment?
A: The first investment is being led by Century Partners a professional real estate development firm based in Detroit, Michigan. They’ve already had success in Detroit; over the last two years, the founders, David Alade and Andrew Colom, have deployed $3.4 million of equity to purchase, rehabilitate and lease over 60 abandoned homes in midtown Detroit. Investors will be investing alongside a new fund managed by Century Partners and will own a percentage of 31 homes in the Boston Edison, East English Village and North End neighborhoods managed by Century Partners. Investors will also be improving Detroit in the process by removing blight, providing high-quality housing to new residents and displacing no people in the process. We were connected by a summer intern who recognized one of the founders in an alumni magazine. We reached out, shared the same mission, and couldn’t be happier with their team and what we believe they’ll be able to deliver to investors. 
Q: When will Rabble be involved with more than one project? 
A: As soon as we close funding for this first project, we have other exciting projects on the way. 
Q: If a project developer wants to have people invest in their project, how would they go about working with Rabble?
A: They would submit a project to us via our website. We have a way for sponsors to submit projects directly to us there. After review, we’ll reach out to the project team and if it’s a good fit, we will begin the diligence process. After diligence and our internal merit review, we prepare a filing to get federal approval to issue shares for each project and we list the project on the platform. 
Q: What types of projects are good fits with Rabble? What kind of projects are you looking to work with?
A: We have rigorous financial, social and environmental impact criteria that each project must pass. We also look at the experience of the team in pulling off ventures of similar scale. Our current focus areas are urban revitalization, supporting arts and culture, and urban agriculture. As we grow, our focus will include green building and eventually renewable projects — think a community solar project. We’re also thinking of ways to move into small infrastructure. 
Q: Is the $100 minimum investment exclusive to Rabble or is it common throughout equity crowdfunding platforms?
A: We set the barrier to entry at $100 to make the opportunity accessible to people of all income levels. The tagline “investing for all” is meant to represent two things: that all the projects we list have benefits for a community at large, and that each offering is open/accessible to a broad number of people. While we anticipate the majority of investments to be above 2.5K per person, we wanted to make that option available to be as inclusive as possible. Most platforms in this space tend to focus on a 1K minimum (Fundrise) or much higher (Prodigy Network, Realty Mogul, Cadre). Technically, we could make the minimum investment lower, but decided that this was a good entry level for the majority of people. 
Q: Where do you see Rabble in five years?
A: This is projected to be a huge industry; a recent Goldman Sachs report estimates the size of equity crowdfunding to be 1.2 trillion dollars. That’s a greater market size than what’s expected for payments, small business lending and student lending combined. The industry is young. We’re in the early days…Rabble wants to become a leader in this space and grow with people as they shift their investing to align with their values. We want to be there. 
The Trading App That Can Make (and Save) You Money

An interview with Robinhood co-founder Baiju Bhatt. Read the Story

 


 






Gear Patrol®
The Spirit of Adventure
About
Advertise
Privacy
Customer Support
Subscribe
Store
Daily Email
RSS
Instagram
Snapchat
Jobs
 © Gear Patrol, llc. Independently Published in New York.


























 













Catoctin Creek® - Rabble Rouser®











































Rabble Rouser®










Catoctin Creek Rabble Rouser® Straight Rye Whisky

 
rab•ble-rous•er
noun
a person who speaks with the intention of inflaming the emotions of a crowd of people, typically for political reasons.synonyms: agitator, troublemaker, instigator
––––––––
"[At four years old]... Catoctin Creek [is] one of just a few craft distilleries producing rye whiskey of that age."– Jake Emen, Washington City Paper, May 22, 2015
"At four years old, this is one of the oldest craft whiskies on the market. Scott Harris and team pull out all the stops for this very special limited offering distilling the 100% rye mash to a lower proof capturing a significant amount of extra flavors typically lost to the stills and bottling at 100 proof. Harris is planting his flag firmly in the territory of traditional American Whiskey and if this bottling is any indication of the future, well lets just say it is looking very bright. Notes include nectarines, clover honey, deep earthy spice, forest, sandalwood, cigar tobacco, uncured bacon, a hint of mesquite, white peaches and peanuts."– Astor Wines and Spirits, November 30, 2015
––––––––
Rabble Rouser is the latest rye whisky offering from Catoctin Creek.  Distilled from 100% rye, the Rabble Rouser differs from its cousin, Roundstone Rye, in that it is distilled at a lower proof, allowing lots of earthy goodness from the grain to come through in the spirit.
The whisky is aged for four years, making it among the oldest craft whiskey in the United States presently, and twice the legal age requirement for "straight rye whiskey."
"Whereas Roundstone Rye is sort of restrained and elegant," say Scott Harris, founder of the distillery, "Rabble Rouser is more unruly and vivacious." 
Look for it to knock your socks off with release two in October 2016.
Virginia ABC ordering code 27009; suggested retail price $60 per bottle.  50% ABV, 750 ml










Latest News 





Press Release: Catoctin Creek Distilling…Initial launch to feature award-wining Roundstone Rye, a pre-Prohibition style rye whisky made from 100-percent rye grain
Virginia-based craft distillery sources regional grain, including rye grown in Pennsylvania
PURCELLVILLE, VA, July 24...Read more 

Old Tom Gin in Garden and GunMany thanks to Wayne Curtis, writing for Garden and Gun, in this feature on Old Tom Gin and our special Pearousia barrel version.  Wayne writes:
For the Pearousia Barrel Old Tom Watershed...Read more 

July 2017 NewsHappy July!   
Catoctin Creek in London!
Last week, we were very pleased to take part in Governor Terry McAuliffe's trade mission to London in the UK last week. The highlight of the...Read more 






Contact Us

Catoctin Creek Distillery120 W Main StPurcellville, VA 20132
Tel (540) 751-8404


Latest Events 





Polo in the Park


 


JUL-AUG
SAT
 


Polo in the Park with Catoctin Creek
7:00pm—11:00pm
Each Saturday night in July and August, join us at Morven Park for Polo in the Park! Catoctin Creek is the official whiskey and...Read more 

Catoctin Creek Bottling Workshop


 


AUG
12
 


Bottling Workshop
10:00am—12:00pm
Catoctin Creek Distilling Company will conduct a BOTTLING DAY on Saturday, Aug. 12, at 10:00am. Volunteers wanted. Learn how to bottle, cap, seal, and label Roundstone Rye. Get your...Read more 

Dinner at the Distillery, with cocktails and more!


 


AUG
18
 


Dinner at the Distillery
7:00pm—9:30pm
Dinner will be a four-course affair, using seasonal produce and local suppliers, prepared by Chefs Wes Rosati and Maria Aros of The Wandering Chef. Enjoy a private...Read more 















HomeAbout UsAbout Catoctin CreekAwards & AccoladesHow to Pronounce...Take a Virtual TourSolar Powered SpiritsOrganic & KosherPress KitProductsEventsPrivate EventsEnjoyWhere to BuyNewsContactSearch


























Gust | Startup Funding & Investing













Startup confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.










Over $1 Billion Invested in Startups Through Gust




Gust connects startups with the largest collection of investors across the world.












For Startups
Build a profile and share it with investors to get funding.
Learn More










For Investors
Access powerful deal flow management tools on a secure platform.
Learn More



















For Accelerators
Increase applications, manage the application process, and make your cohorts happy.
Learn More







Startup Smarter
Gust’s suite of tools and services has helped over 500,000 founders start, grow, and fund their companies



Gust Launch
Incorporate and grow your company
Start and run your company confidently with startup legal, accounting, and financial tools and services all in one place.

Visit Gust Launch






Gust Equity Management
Keep track of company ownership
Easily manage your cap table, issue stock, model fundraising scenarios, simplify investor due diligence and stay tax compliant with 409A coverage.

Visit Gust Equity Management






Accelerators
Find and apply to top accelerators
Gust has hundred of open accelerator programs. Easily apply to build your network and give your venture a boost.

Search Accelerators




Startup Funding
Raise capital from angel investors and VCs
Gust provides access to hundreds of angel groups across the world. Your Gust Company Profile will walk you through the process of applying to the right ones for you.

Create Your Company Profile













Browse by Location
Investors are five times more likely to invest locally.







California


18,000+ Startups

100+ Organizations







New York


11,000+ Startups

150+ Organizations







Florida


7,000+ Startups

30+ Organizations







France


8,000+ Startups

100+ Organizations







Brazil


5,000+ Startups

10+ Organizations








Browse by Industry
Find startups and investors involved in specific industries.









Internet/Web Services


20,000+ Startups

500+ Organizations







Food & Drink


9,000+ Startups

250+ Organizations







Consumer Products & Services


9,000+ Startups

400+ Organizations







Business Products & Services 


8,000+ Startups

400+ Organizations







Media & Entertainment 


8,000+ Startups

400+ Organizations 









IT Services


5000+ Startups

450+ Organizations







Financial Services


5,000+ Startups

350+ Organizations







Software


6,000+ Startups

500+ Organizations







Education


5,000+ Startups

300+ Organizations







Internet/Web Services


20,000+ Startups

500+ Organizations





Previous




Next














The Trusted Network


Tens of thousands of accredited investors worldwide use Gust to connect and collaborate with startup companies.







Robust Privacy Controls


Gust enables you to control your privacy settings, profile visibility and who has access to your information. What’s private stays private.









The Industry Standard


With more than 1,500 investment groups across 150+ countries, Gust is the global industry standard for early stage investing. 








Leverage the power of the world's largest startup network
500,000 Founders. 70,000 Investment Professionals. 190 Countries.
Get Started For Free











About The Rabble





























Find gigsFind bandsPost a gigMusician tools  NewFind musiciansFind band openingsPost a band openingSign inJoin







The RabbleBandAlternativePunk
The Rabble plays Soulful, energetic punk rock with a positive and addictive feel to it.  Our songs have meaning, are catchy and defies the 'unwritten rules' of punk music with our hugely diverse sound and outlook.




Message









Thanks for previewing Band Search. Join Sonicbids today to get full access to view profiles and message members directly.
Get started for free
Already have an account? Sign in







Feed OverviewAboutDiscographySet listFeedAllSocialImagesMusicMusicPhotosCalendarPress




Biography
Storming out of their hometown of Auckland, The Rabble are exploding out of New Zealand and into the hearts of punks worldwide. Harnessing the advantages of both experience and youth, this powerful and passionate band have been a band for over seven years but they're still only just out of their teenage years and are truly unstoppable. One listen to the gravelly vocals and infectious soulful punk anthems on their 16-track second album ‘The Battle's Almost Over' and you'll be hooked.
Formed in 2001 by brothers Chazz and Rupe at the young ages of 14 and 15 respectively, the first six years saw them honing their gritty yet catchy sound and seeing several bassists come and go, before settling on recent addition Jamie Douglass. Their DIY ethos has seen them independently release debut album ‘No Clue, No Future', the ‘This Is Our Lives' EP and the mighty sophomore full-length ‘The Battle's Almost Over'. Relentlessly touring all over New Zealand, the UK and Europe over the last few years alongside Agnostic Front, The Unseen and The Living End, to name just a few, they're also no strangers to festival stages, playing to over 1500 people at Auckland's Big Day Out and, more recently, to a crowd of over 2000 on the main stage at the Blackpool Rebellion Festival. Having given away a compilation of their best songs, titled ‘New Generation', with issue 102 of Big Cheese Magazine, their huge accompanying UK headline tour of the same name has recently won them many more fans up and down the country and spread the fire of The Rabble burning bright into the Northern hemisphere. So what inspired their several month-long mission to the other side of the globe at this time?
“We decided we were strong enough to take our music to the world now after all these years, starting with the UK and Europe. We have a new generation of punk rock music at hand. The UK deserves another round of real, honest and soulful music and we want to kick off that march!” vocalist/drummer Rupe confidently declares.
It's surely fate that The Rabble charge into England, as they meld the sounds of '77 legends The Clash with more recent American heroes Rancid, while adding inspired flavours of hardcore (‘This World Is Dead'), rock n' roll (‘Seeking'), rockabilly (‘Devil's Highway'), Celtic sounds (‘The Battle') and an irrepressible spirit all of their own. The album spawned four hit singles in New Zealand, with their songs and videos appearing on radio and TV, and, having conquering their homeland, they've now set their sights on the rest of the world. ‘The Battle's Almost Over' was again recorded by vocalist/guitarist Chazz in his own Number 8 Wire Recording Studio and mixed by Jim Siegel (Dropkick Murphys) in Boston, their latest record was a suitably international affair. The ambitious rabble-rousers even secured guest vocals by their new friend Mark Unseen, frontman Boston hardcore-infused punks The Unseen (who they have shared stages with), on the raging ‘This World Is Dead'!
“Chazz and I have been big fans for a lot of years,” Rupe explains. “We really got on with Mark and kept in touch over the internet and eventually thought why not ask him to sing guest vocals on a track we had coming up that was fast and hardcore?” Laying down his part in the US, Mark was flown over by The Rabble to appear in the video for the song too. “The whole experience was mind-blowing and we've made a lifelong friend!”
On ‘The Battle's Almost Over' the three-piece have a clear message. “The theme for the record is generally that freedom's battle is almost over, but the war is just beginning,” declares Rupe. The album is full of songs stressing positivity through perserverance and hope through struggle. “We have a soulful message that doesn't only concentrate on hatred. I think the world needs that. We don't ignore the negative, we embrace it and turn it around! We wanted to make an album that makes people take notice of their surroundings and help The Rabble put punk rock back on the map!”
The Rabble are doing just that, stamping their mark from country to country. With a deep belief in their songs and a dedication and determination to relentlessly tour and spread their music and message, it's no wonder that Rupe confirms, “the sky's the fuckin' limit!”
“The Rabble is my life, The Rabble is my hope, mine and my brother's creation that is as beautiful as a red rose and as stand out as a black sheep in a field of white.”
Battling on and winning fans and friends worldwide, the war may be just beginning but The Rabble's awesome arsenal will see their punk rock army grow and grow. Raise your voice and rise up.


Other Info

Cover band: 
 No
Record Label: 
Filthy Lucre




Discography
No clue, No Future - albumThis Is Our Lives - E.PThe Battle's Almost Over - album


Set List
Our typical set list plays about 12-15 songs, and may include;
Break away,Salvation,Who I Am,Sing With Me,Mind Ghetto,Running Away,Seeking,This World is Dead,Carry on,The Battle,Bored,
etc etc.





















Join Sonicbids for free to post a band opening!

Create a free account

Already have an account? Sign in


Why do I need to sign up?
To ensure only genuine musicians and bands are creating and applying to band openings.
Why do I need a musician or band profile?
We include a link to your profile in band openings, to build trust with musicians and help them decide if they will be a good fit.



























