




Radcliffe International BDC Fund, Ltd. - Pooled Investment Fund- Hinkel  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Radcliffe International BDC Fund, Ltd.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Avalon Trust & Corporate Svcs Ltd Landmark Square, 1 St Floor, Po Box 715 
    Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-1107Phone: 345-769-4423 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-06


Amended


$100,141,512


$45,273,126


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-10-09


Amended


$54,868,386


$19,168,386


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-10-10


New


$35,700,000


$35,700,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Christopher Hinkel 
 Executive 


 Steve Katznelson 
 Director 


 Gregory Link 
 Director 


 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Rgc Management Company, Llc 
 Executive 


 Ralph Woodford 
 Director 





















 













 


 

Radcliffe International Bdc Fund Ltd raised $54,868,386 on October 9th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/378110-radcliffe-international-bdc-fund-ltdsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=378110  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Radcliffe International Bdc Fund Ltd raised $54,868,386 on October 9th, 2015.Get alertedif Radcliffe International Bdc Fund Ltd gets funded!Amount:$54,868,386Company:Radcliffe International Bdc Fund LtdInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesPennsylvaniaBala CynwydKey people:Christopher Hinkel (Executive Officer) Steve Katznelson (Director, Executive Officer) Gregory Link (Director) -- Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (Executive Officer, Promoter) -- RGC Management Company, LLC (Executive Officer) Ralph Woodford (Director)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - Radcliffe International BDC Fund, Ltd. (0001617397) (Filer)Description:A 55M funding was closed by Radcliffe International Bdc Fund Ltd, a Bala Cynwyd, United States-based firm specializing in Finance. The investment took place in 2015, October 9th.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


RADCLIFFE INTERNATIONAL BDC FUND, LTD. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      RADCLIFFE INTERNATIONAL BDC FUND, LTD.
                    

•   GRAND CAYMAN, E9
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Radcliffe International BDC Fund, Ltd. is based out of Grand Cayman.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-06. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from RADCLIFFE INTERNATIONAL BDC FUND, LTD., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




radcliffe international bdc fund, ltd.


AVALON TRUST &AMP; CORPORATE SVCS LTD

GRAND CAYMAN
E9
                                                        
                                                    KY1-1107


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      345-769-4423







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/06/2016
D/A filed on 10/09/2015
D filed on 10/10/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-06
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
100,141,512
INDEFINITE


2015-10-09
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
54,868,386
INDEFINITE


2014-10-10
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
35,700,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-- --  RADCLIFFE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



-- --  RGC MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



CHRISTOPHER   HINKEL

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



GREGORY   LINK

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



RALPH   WOODFORD

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



STEVE   KATZNELSON

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Christopher Hinkel - Managing Director/Limited Partner at Radcliffe Capital Management LP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Christopher Hinkel
Managing Director/Limited Partner at Radcliffe Capital Management LP



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Transactions 


Christopher Hinkel
Managing Director/Limited Partner at Radcliffe Capital Management LP



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 16 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Steven Brett Katznelson

Founder at Radcliffe Capital Management LP




Matt Allen Cassidy

Chief Financial Officer at Radcliffe Capital Management LP





Daneen Downey

Deputy General Counsel at Janney Montgomery Scott LLC




Loretta Best

General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer at Radcliffe Capital Management LP





Luke A. Zerdes

Vice President-Business Development & Client Services at Radcliffe Capital Management LP




Ryan Edward Adams

Analyst at Radcliffe Capital Management LP





Gerald F. Stahlecker

President at FS Investment Corp.




Philip Ashton

Partner at Radcliffe Capital Management LP





Steve D. Higgins

Former Chief Financial Officer at Radcliffe Capital Management LP




Maria Rose McGarry

Chief Compliance Officer at Glenmede Investment Management LP







See 6 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 6 More 


 


 Paths to Christopher Hinkel



            Christopher Hinkel          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Christopher Hinkel






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Christopher Hinkel.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Managing Director/Limited Partner

                                    2009 - Current                


Radcliffe Capital Management LP


                  Radcliffe Capital Management utilizes an Ultra Short Duration Strategy, a Credit Opportunity Strategy and a Specialty Finance Debt Strategy. The Ultra Short Duration Strategy and the Specialty Finance Debt Strategy are offered through a fund product and through SMAs, while the Credit Opportunity Strategy is offered only through SMAs. RCM's investment approach uses fundamental analysis and proprietary systems to select investments. RCM's Ultra Short Duration Strategy invests in short-term corporate debt securities (those securities typically with less than 2 years to maturity or call). RCM seeks to purchase short-term corporate debt securities at prices they believe are mispriced in relation to their expected default risk. RCM seeks to build a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of corporate debt securities, including convertible and non-convertible bonds issued by US and non-US companies. RCM purchases primarily convertible and non-convertible bonds which are low-rated, unrated, or high-yield, although they may also purchase convertible and non-convertible investment grade bonds. The funds and SMAs may also hold equity securities to the extent they are received in exchange for convertible debt securities. RCM utilizes leverage in connection with the strategy by purchasing securities on margin for the funds and certain SMAs. In managing the Credit Opportunity Strategy, RCM seeks to build a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of corporate debt securities, including convertible and non-convertible bonds issued by US and non-US companies. Clients that choose this strategy may negotiate whether RCM may invest in any other instruments, including bank loans, options or other derivatives. SMA clients may also negotiate whether to use leverage and the extent to which leverage is used, whether shorting is appropriate and any other portfolio restrictions. The strategy uses fixed income and convertible bonds which are low-rated or have no ratings, and may also purchase foreign securities.RCM's Specialty Finance Debt Strategy uses fundamental analysis to actively identify and trade in a subset of investment grade bonds at levels they believe are mispriced in relation to their duration and expected risk of principal loss. The firm may trade other types of securities or instruments where they believe there is mispricing that can be captured in the short- to medium-term. RCM may also short securities and hedge the portfolio with the objective of increasing expected returns or reducing risk. RCM uses leverage in connection with the strategy by purchasing securities on margin for the BDC Funds. SMA clients may negotiate whether to use leverage, and the extent to which leverage is used, whether shorting is appropriate and any other portfolio restrictions. ^                




Executive Officer

                                    Current                


RADCLIFFE INTERNATIONAL ULTRA SHORT DURATION FUND, LTD.







 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  RADCLIFFE INTERNATIONAL ULTRA SHORT DURATION FUND, LTD. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Christopher Hinkel is affiliated with
                            Radcliffe Capital Management LP, RADCLIFFE INTERNATIONAL ULTRA SHORT DURATION FUND, LTD..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Radcliffe International Bdc Fund Ltd - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/171305-radcliffe-international-bdc-fund-ltdsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=171305  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Radcliffe International Bdc Fund LtdCompany DetailsGet alertedif Radcliffe International Bdc Fund Ltd gets funded!Radcliffe International Bdc Fund LtdFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesPennsylvaniaBala CynwydIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 9th, 2015$54,868,386-View DealOctober 10th, 2014$35,700,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Radcliffe International Bdc Fund Ltd gets funded?Key peopleChristopher HinkelExecutive OfficerSteve KatznelsonDirector, Executive OfficerGregory LinkDirector-- Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P.Executive Officer, Promoter-- RGC Management Company, LLCExecutive OfficerRalph WoodfordDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!