










 













 













 


    Nicholas Radesca | Global Net Lease , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com    Nicholas Radesca | Global Net Lease , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Radesca Nicholas - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Radesca Nicholas





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-26Conversion
2016-12-285:14 pm
N/AN/A
New York Reit Inc.
NYRT
Radesca NicholasInterim CFO, Treasurer & Sec.
24,170
$0
76,395(Direct)
View


2016-12-26Conversion
2016-12-285:14 pm
N/AN/A
New York Reit Inc.
NYRT
Radesca NicholasInterim CFO, Treasurer & Sec.
24,170
$0
76,395(Direct)
View


2016-05-25Other
2016-07-139:00 pm
N/AN/A
New York Reit Inc.
NYRT
Radesca NicholasInterim CFO, Treasurer & Sec.
24,170
$0
24,170(Direct)
View


2015-11-03Option Award
2015-11-189:56 pm
N/AN/A
New York Reit Inc.
NYRT
Radesca NicholasInterim CFO, Treas & and Secty
30,000
$11.56
39,656(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 07:41:22 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  



















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 





Nicholas Radesca – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending March 3, 2017
Posted on March 6, 2017 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



DTI Management
Aware, Inc.
BIOLASE, Inc.


StreamLink Software
DineEquity, Inc
Global Payments Inc.


Waste Management Inc
ProQuest
Hannover Life Reassurance Company of America


PAREXEL International Corporation
KeyImpact Sales & Systems, Inc.
Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc


Pandora
Athenex
WuXi NextCODE


EastGroup Properties
Choice Hotels International, Inc.
ALLETE Inc.


LendingUSA
New York REIT, Inc.
DDR Corp.


U.S. Legal Support Inc
Synchronoss Technologies, Inc.
eGain


Cesca Therapeutics Inc.
RLHC (Red Lion Hotels Corporation)
Morningstar, Inc.


Inspira Financial Inc.
NVISION Eye Centers
Integer Holdings Corporation



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NOTE: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Rey Del Valle
DTI Management [ALEXANDRIA, Va.] announced the appointment of Rey del Valle as its new Chief Financial Officer. Mr. del Valle comes to DTI after serving as the SVP of Finance at AXS Ticketing. Prior to AXS, from 2011 through 2015, Mr. del Valle was Ticketmaster’s SVP of Finance for eCommerce and Technology. In addition to AXS and Ticketmaster, Mr. del Valle has also held financial leadership roles with Guitar Center, MTV Networks, and The Walt Disney Company.
Aware, Inc. [BEDFORD, Mass.] (NASDAQ: AWRE) announced that Richard P. Moberg has resigned, as co-Chief Executive Officer and co-President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Aware citing a desire to retire.  Mr. Moberg will continue to serve as a member of the Board of Directors of Aware.
BIOLASE, Inc. [IRVINE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: BIOL) announced it has appointed Mark J. Nelson as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He replaces David C. Dreyer, who resigned to pursue other opportunities. Most recently, since December 2015, Mr. Nelson served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer for Beyond Meat. Prior to his tenure at Beyond Meat, from April 2013 to November 2015, Mr. Nelson served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Farmer Brothers Co. Mr. Nelson spent the majority of his career in financial and operational positions of increasing responsibility with companies including Plant Controller at C.R. Bard, Inc.; Finance Director at Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc.; and as Chief Accounting Officer at Newport Corporation. Previously, he was Vice President and General Manager. Mr. Nelson began his career as a Financial Management Program trainee with the General Electric Company.
StreamLink Software [CLEVELAND] named Fred Binstock as chief financial officer. Most recently, Binstock served as managing partner of Fred R Binstock & Associates. Previously, Binstock was the CFO and treasurer of TOA Technologies. Prior to that, he served as CFO of Radisphere.
DineEquity, Inc. [GLENDALE, Calif.] (NYSE: DIN) announced that it has accepted the resignation of its Chief Financial Officer, Thomas W. Emrey. Greggory H. Kalvin, DineEquity’s Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, will assume the role of interim CFO until a permanent successor to Mr. Emrey is named.
Global Payments Inc. [ATLANTA] (NYSE: GPN) announced the promotion of Cameron M. Bready to Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bready joined Global Payments in June 2014 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Waste Management Inc. [HOUSTON] (NYSE: WM) appointed Devina A. Rankin, formerly vice president, treasurer and acting chief financial officer, to the position of senior vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer. Rankin joined the Company in 2002 and has held a number of corporate finance positions of increasing responsibility during her tenure, including assistant treasurer and treasurer. She began her career at Arthur Andersen, a public accounting firm, in 1999.
ProQuest [ANN ARBOR, Mich.] announced that Robert VanHees has joined the company as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. VanHees joins ProQuest from JLL Partners, where he was an Operating Partner for five years. Prior to that, he served as CFO of the Learning Care Group. Earlier in his career, he was CFO for Corporate Express North America and Corporate Express Europe, served as a Controller, and held several roles in financial planning and analysis, treasury, and audit functions.
Hannover Life Reassurance Company of America [ORLANDO, Fla.] announced promotion within the company and the retirement of David Wheat. Prior to joining Hannover Re US, David was CFO at ING Americas, which followed 17 years with EY, ending as a partner in its US insurance practice. Clint Thompson is promoted to executive vice president and CFO. Clint has been the Chief Risk Officer for Hannover Re US since 2011. Before joining Hannover Re US, Clint served as a Senior Risk Officer for AEGON.
PAREXEL International Corporation [BOSTON] (NASDAQ: PRXL) announced the appointment of Simon Harford as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Harford joins PAREXEL from GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK), where he most recently served as Senior Vice President, Finance. Prior to joining GSK, Mr. Harford served as Group Vice President and Controller for Avon Products, Inc. Additionally, he spent two decades with Eli Lilly and Company in various finance leadership roles across Europe and in Indianapolis, most notably as Head of Investor Relations and as Vice President and Controller.
KeyImpact Sales & Systems, Inc. [ODENTON, Md.]  announced the appointment of Colin Quinn as Chief Financial Officer. Colin has served in various operational and financial leadership roles in several major companies including McMaster-Carr Supply Company and True Value Company. Previously, Colin was Vice President of Finance for US Foods, Inc. and most recently Vice President of Finance at Little Lady Foods.
Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc. [RICHMOND, Calif.] (NASDAQ: SGMO) announced the appointment of Kathy Yi as senior vice president and chief financial officer, to succeed current executive vice president and chief financial officer H. Ward Wolff, who will be retiring from the company. Ms. Yi most recently served as Head of Finance for Novartis Pharmaceuticals’ Global Inhalation Technical Research & Development group. Prior to Novartis, Ms. Yi held financial management positions of increasing seniority at Life Technologies Corp., from 2007 to 2014, including Finance Leader, Corporate FP&A. Earlier, she held various positions in finance at Intel Corp, from 2001 to 2007.
Pandora [OAKLAND, Calif.] (NYSE:P) announced that Naveen Chopra has joined the company as chief financial officer. Chopra joined TiVo in 2003 and most recently served as the company’s interim chief executive officer from January 2016 until its acquisition by Rovi Corporation in September 2016. From 2012 to 2016, Chopra served as chief financial officer and senior vice president of corporate development and strategy.
Athenex [BUFFALO, N.Y.] announced that J. Nick Riehle has agreed to serve as Chief Financial Officer of the company upon approval of the Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Riehle served as Chief Financial Officer of Chelsea Therapeutics from its inception in 2004 until 2014 when it was sold to Lundbeck. Mr. Riehle previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of HAHT Commerce from 1996 to 2003, and held numerous senior finance and marketing roles at Nortel Networks from 1979 to 1996.
John Long
WuXi NextCODE [SHANGHAI, CAMBRIDGE, Mass. and REYKJAVIK, Iceland] announced that senior vice presidents John Long has been named chief financial officer. John Long has served as WuXi AppTec’s senior vice president of finance since 2013. Prior to joining WuXi AppTec, John served in senior roles at Willis Group, Tyco International and Lucent Technologies.
EastGroup Properties [JACKSON, Miss.] (NYSE: EGP) announced that N. Keith McKey, its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will retire. Mr. McKey has been an officer of the Company since 1983, and has been Chief Financial Officer since 1993. The Board of Directors has appointed Brent W. Wood, presently the Senior Vice President and head of the Company’s regional office in Houston, Texas, to become Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective on Mr. McKey’s retirement.  Mr. Wood has been with the Company since 1996 and his first position with the Company was Assistant Controller, before he moved into operational roles.
Choice Hotels International, Inc. [ROCKVILLE, Md.] (NYSE: CHH) has appointed Dominic E. Dragisich to the position of chief financial officer. Dragisich joins Choice from XO Communications where he served as CFO. He has held key finance and operational positions at Marriott International, NII Holdings and Deloitte Consulting.
ALLETE Inc. [DULUTH, Minn.] (NYSE: ALE)  announced that Bob Adams assumes the role of Chief Financial Officer. He succeeds Steve DeVinck, who announced his plan to retire in the spring of 2017. Adams joined the company in 1987 as a financial analyst. He was named chief risk officer and vice president of business development in 2008, promoted to vice president of energy-centric businesses in 2014 and added the title of senior vice president of energy-centric businesses in 2015. The role of CFO is familiar to Adams, having served in that capacity in the past for Minnesota Power and Split Rock Energy.
LendingUSA [SHERMAN OAKS, Calif.] announced that Ron Oertell, former CFO of Lakeview Holdings, has joined the company as its new Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Oertell served as Chief Financial Officer for Airo Wireless. Mr. Oertell was also a Managing Director for Park Street Management, where Mr. Oertell was CFO from the initial venture capital round up through the sale of the company.
New York REIT, Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: NYRT) announced that John Garilli will be appointed as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. He replaces Nicholas Radesca, will resign as Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of NYRT.
DDR Corp. [BEACHWOOD, Ohio] (NYSE: DDR) announced that Matthew Ostrower joined as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. Matthew Ostrower served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Equity One from March 2015 to March 2017. Prior to joining Equity One, Mr. Ostrower held several roles at Morgan Stanley, including Associate Director of European Research and head of U.S. REIT Equity Research.  Mr. Ostrower was also a member of the Board of Directors of Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust from 2010 to February 2015.
Kellen S. Smith
U.S. Legal Support Inc. [HOUSTON] announced the appointment of Kellen S. Smith as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining U.S. Legal Support, Kellen was a Consultant with Accenture’s Pricing and Profitability strategy group.
Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. [BRIDGEWATER, N.J.] (NASDAQ: SNCR) announced that John Frederick has been appointed Synchronoss’ Chief Financial Officer. Before joining the company, Mr. Frederick was Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative and Financial Officer of Avid Technologies. Prior to Avid, Mr. Frederick was Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Open Solutions, Inc., which was acquired in January 2013 by Fiserv, Inc. Prior to Open Solutions Inc., Mr. Frederick served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SafeNet, Inc.
eGain [SUNNYVALE, CA] (NASDAQ: EGAN) announced the appointment of Christine Russell, CFO of UniPixel, Inc., to its board of directors. Ms. Russell is currently Chief Financial Officer of UniPixel, Inc. and a director and audit committee chair of QuickLogic Corporation. Prior to joining UniPixel in 2015, she previously served as CFO for a number of technology companies including Vendavo, EAG, Virage Logic, and OuterBay Technologies.
Cesca Therapeutics Inc. [Rancho Cordova, California] announced that the company and Michael Bruch, Chief Financial Officer, mutually agreed to terminate his employment effective March 10, 2017. Jeff Cauble has been appointed Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, effective March 10, 2017. Mr. Cauble has been employed with the Company since 2010 and has served as Accounting Manager, Assistant Controller and Director of Finance. Mr. Cauble has over 19 years of accounting experience in various financial and managerial roles for Diamond Foods Inc. (DMND) and E.&J. Gallo Winery.
RLHC (Red Lion Hotels Corporation) [SPOKANE, Wash.] (NYSE: RLH) announced the appointment of Douglas L. Ludwig as its new Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Ludwig will succeed interim Chief Financial Officer, David Wright, who will resume his role as the company’s Vice President of Accounting, Tax & External Reporting on Mr. Ludwig’s start date. Mr. Ludwig was most recently Chief Financial Officer with Baha Mar Resorts Limited, for the past ten years. Mr. Ludwig served for over twenty years in various accounting, financial and strategic roles at Four Seasons Hotels Inc., including 13 years as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ludwig’s career began with KPMG where he advanced to senior audit manager prior to joining Four Seasons in 1984.
Morningstar, Inc. [CHICAGO] (NASDAQ: MORN) announced that Stéphane Biehler, chief financial officer, notified the company that he is resigning from his position effective March 10, 2017, to join a Chicago-based trading firm. Morningstar has appointed Kunal Kapoor, the company’s chief executive officer, as interim chief financial officer effective March 10, 2017.
Inspira Financial Inc. [BOCA RATON, FLORIDA] (TSX-V: LND) announced Mike Olson as Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). Mr. Olson was previously CFO of a healthcare related startup, a Controller for PCH Treatment Centers and a Controller for a medical laboratory (which was successfully acquired by LabCorp). He began his Finance career at The Walt Disney Company.
NVISION Eye Centers [ALISO VIEJO, Calif.] announced the appointment of Gregory Cunniff to Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining NVISION, Cunniff served as Chief Financial Officer of GrandCare Health Services. Previous to his work in home healthcare, Cunniff was Chief Executive Officer of Oxford Surgical Specialties. Cunniff also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Surgical Care Affiliates (SCAI) and was co-founder and Chief Financial Officer of National Surgical Care prior to its acquisition by AmSurg (AMSG).
Integer Holdings Corporation [FRISCO, Texas] (NYSE: ITGR) announced that Gary Haire is joining the Company and will be appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Haire is currently the chief financial officer of Rexel North America, a large business unit of Rexel, a public company based in France. From 2013 to 2014, he served as chief financial officer of Shale Inland Holdings, a privately owned, PE-backed company. From 1995 to 2003 and from 2003 to 2012, he held numerous financial leadership roles at HJ Heinz Company and Tyco International, respectively. Mr. Haire started his career with KPMG. The Company previously announced the planned retirement of Michael Dinkins, executive vice president and chief financial officer. Mr. Dinkins’ last day with the Company will be in early March. Tom Mazza, vice president, corporate controller and treasurer, will assume the additional role of interim chief financial officer until Mr. Haire joins the Company in early May. Mr. Mazza previously served as the company’s CFO from 2005 to 2012.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending January 13, 2017
Posted on January 16, 2017 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Kellogg Company
US Foods Holding Corp.
Rocky Brands, Inc.


Universal Corporation
Cars.com
Mill Creek Residential


Pareteum Corporation
MetricStream
Appvion, Inc.


PaySimple
AnaptysBio, Inc
Rockwell Automation Inc.


AC Lordi
Retail Solutions, Inc.
Agari


Bluestem Group Inc.
Providence Medical Technology, Inc.
BIOLASE, Inc.


Global Net Lease, Inc.
Huron
American Campus Communities


RealBiz Media Group, Inc.
Progyny




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Kellogg Company [BATTLE CREEK, Mich.] (NYSE: K) announced that Fareed Khan will join the company and will be named as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Principal Financial Officer. Khan will succeed current CFO Ron Dissinger, who will remain with the company in 2017 to ensure an orderly transition. Khan joins Kellogg from US Foods Holding Corp. where he has held the CFO position since 2013. Prior to US Foods, Khan served as Senior Vice President and CFO at United Stationers and spent 12 years at USG Corporation in a variety of roles, including Executive Vice President of Finance and Strategy, President and CEO of USG Building Systems, and Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing.  Khan’s experience also includes several years at McKinsey & Company as a management consultant in the U.S. and Europe.
US Foods Holding Corp. [ROSEMONT, Ill.] (NYSE: USFD) announced that Dirk J. Locascio will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer. Locascio replaces Fareed Khan who is leaving. Locascio has served in a variety of finance and accounting leadership roles with the company since 2009. He currently serves as Senior Vice President, Financial Accounting and Analysis. Prior to joining US Foods, Locascio held senior finance roles with United Airlines and in public accounting with Arthur Andersen LLP.
Rocky Brands, Inc. [NELSONVILLE, Ohio] (NASDAQ: RCKY) announced that Mike Staude, Vice President of Finance, has been appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer following the resignation of James E. McDonald as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Staude joined the Company in August 2007 and has served as Senior Vice President of Finance since January 2015. Prior to that, he served as Vice President of Accounting from January 2010 until January 2015 and as Director of Accounting from August 2007 until January 2010.
Universal Corporation [RICHMOND, Va.] (NYSE: UVV), announced that Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David C. Moore will be on a temporary medical leave of absence. During the leave of absence, other executive officers of the Company will assume Mr. Moore’s management duties while remaining in their current positions.  George C. Freeman III, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, will also act as the Company’s principal financial officer.
Cars.com [CHICAGO] announced the appointment of Becky A. Sheehan as the company’s chief financial officer. Sheehan joins Cars.com from her role as executive vice president and chief financial officer for FTD Companies, Inc., where she also served as a member of the office of the chief executive officer. In addition to her public company experience as a CFO, Sheehan spent 19 years in public accounting, most recently as an audit partner with Deloitte LLP. At Deloitte, she served as the leader of the Manufacturing and Consumer audit practice for the Chicago office. Prior to joining Deloitte, she was a partner with Arthur Andersen.
Mill Creek Residential [DALLAS] announced the hiring of David L. Reynolds as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Mill Creek, Reynolds worked in real estate private equity for 14 years, most recently at Five Mile Capital Partners (FMCP). Reynolds also spent 14 years in real estate investment banking at UBS Warburg and its predecessor companies, Kidder Peabody and PaineWebber, beginning as an associate and ultimately achieving the position of managing director. Reynolds started his career at Arthur Andersen in its audit division.
Pareteum Corporation [NEW YORK] (NYSE MKT: TEUM) announced the appointment of Ted O’Donnell as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Pareteum Corporation, Mr. O’Donnell served as CFO of Ameri100.
MetricStream [PALO ALTO, Calif.] announced the appointment of Steve Springsteel as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr. Springsteel joins MetricStream from Actian, where he was CFO. Prior to that, he was CFO for MarkLogic, and he also served as Entrepreneur-in-Residence for U.S. Venture Partners. Springsteel also held President and CEO positions at software firms including Chordiant Software, Verity and Sagent Technology.
Appvion, Inc. [APPLETON, Wis.] announced that Carl J. Laurino has been elected to its board of directors. Laurino served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of The Manitowoc Company, Inc. from 2004 until June 2016. He joined Manitowoc in January 2000 as assistant treasurer. In 2001, Laurino was appointed treasurer and served in that capacity until his promotion to senior vice president and chief financial officer in May 2004. Prior to his joining Manitowoc, Laurino worked for 15 years in commercial banking in a variety of management and executive positions with Firstar Bank Wisconsin, Associated Bank, N.A., and Norwest Bank.
PaySimple [DENVER] has announced that Marc Thompson has joined the team as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Marc was Co-Head of Investment Banking at Oppenheimer & Co. Prior to Oppenheimer, he was a Managing Director at CIBC Capital Partners.
AnaptysBio, Inc. [SAN DIEGO] announced the appointment of Dominic Piscitelli as chief financial officer. Prior to joining AnaptysBio, Mr. Piscitelli served as vice president of finance, strategy and investor relations at Medivation, Inc. Between 2011 and 2012, Mr. Piscitelli served as senior director of collaborations and operations finance at Astellas Pharmaceuticals. From 2001 to 2011, Mr. Piscitelli served in various roles of increasing responsibility culminating as the vice president, treasury & management finance at OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Patrick Goris
Rockwell Automation Inc. [MILWAUKEE] (NYSE: ROK) has named Patrick Goris senior vice president and chief financial officer. Goris succeeds Theodore Crandall, who has been appointed senior vice president, Control Products & Solutions (CP&S). Goris currently serves as Rockwell Automation’s vice president, investor relations and vice president, finance, of the Architecture & Software segment. He has held roles of increasing responsibility within finance since joining Rockwell Automation in 2006. He has over 20 years of experience, including 10 years with Graphic Packaging International before joining Rockwell Automation.
AC Lordi [MALVERN, Pa.] announced that Steve Gambone has been named Chief Financial and Administrative Officer (CFAO). Gambone has served as interim controller/CFO for numerous organizations. Prior to joining AC Lordi, he was CFO for a private company, as well as controller for an international manufacturing company.
Retail Solutions, Inc. [MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.] names John Neale as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining RSi, Neale was CFO for ClearCare.
Agari [SAN MATEO, CA] announced that Raymond Lim has joined the company as chief financial officer. He brings expertise from his experience at Jigsaw. Lim was most recently the chief financial officer for Rafter. Prior to this, he was chief financial officer for Saisei Networks, and Badgeville.
Bluestem Group Inc. [EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn.] (OTC: BGRP) announced the intention of its Chief Financial Officer, Mark Wagener, to retire. Mr. Wagener will remain with Bluestem until July 3, 2017 to help ensure an orderly transition to his successor.
Providence Medical Technology, Inc. [WALNUT CREEK, Calif.] announced the hiring of Gregory S. Curhan as Chief Financial Officer and SVP of Corporate Development. Prior to joining Providence Medical Technology Mr. Curhan served as a founder and past President of Merriman Curhan Ford.
BIOLASE, Inc. [IRVINE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: BIOL) announced that Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David C. Dreyer has decided to resign for personal reasons. The Company is conducting a search for a new Chief Financial Officer. Until a replacement is named, Dreyer’s day to day finance responsibilities will be handled by its long-tenured Finance leadership.
Global Net Lease, Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: GNL) announced that its board of directors has appointed Nicholas Radesca to serve as GNL’s chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary. Mr. Radesca is replacing Timothy Salvemini, who will be leaving GNL to pursue other opportunities.
Huron [CHICAGO] (NASDAQ: HURN) announced Gordon J. Mountford will step down as leader of the healthcare practice, and John D. Kelly has been promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Kelly has held a variety of roles at Huron since he joined the firm in 2006. He served as Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer of Huron since his appointments in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Prior to his role as Chief Accounting Officer, Kelly served as Controller and Assistant Controller. Prior to joining the Corporate team, he was a Director in Huron’s Disputes and Investigations practice. Kelly joined Huron from Deloitte & Touche.
American Campus Communities [AUSTIN, Texas] (NYSE: ACC) announced that Jon Graf will step down as Chief Financial Officer. Graf joined the company in 2004; initially serving as Corporate Controller, being promoted to Chief Accounting Officer in 2005, and ultimately serving as Chief Financial Officer since 2007. Daniel Perry, EVP of Corporate Finance & Capital Markets, will be promoted to Chief Financial Officer. Perry joined the company in 2005 from Citigroup.
RealBiz Media Group, Inc. [NEW YORK, NY] (OTC: RBIZ) announced that the Company named Mark B. Lucky as its acting Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Recently, he served as a consultant to RealBiz, NuState Energy Holdings, Inc., Intelligent Living America, Inc., and Ronn Motor Group, Inc., and was CFO for IceWeb Inc. from March 2007 to May 2014. During his career, he was also employed at Axys Pharmaceuticals, Inc., The Walt Disney Company, PriceWaterhouseCoopers, LLC, and KPMG.
Progyny [NEW YORK] announced the appointment of former WebMD CFO, Peter Anevski, as its Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Pete joined WebMD in 1999 and served as senior management in a number of finance and operations roles, becoming the company’s CFO in 2013. Prior to joining WebMD, Pete was in corporate accounting at Toys “R” Us and a CPA with Wiss &Co, LLP.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending December 19, 2014
Posted on December 22, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



The Carlyle Group
Zoosk
LogMeIn, Inc.


RadioShack Corporation 
Apache Corporation 
Extended Stay America, Inc. 


FirstCare Health Plans
NTN Buzztime, Inc. 
ArcBest Corporation 


Senior Lifestyle Corporation 
ID Analytics
Operative Media, Inc. 


Applied Proteomics Inc.
SRI International 
Express Scripts 


Landstar System, Inc. 
Process Development Corporation 
Radian Group Inc. 


MRV Communications 
Duetto
American Realty Capital Hospitality Trust, Inc.


Table Trac, Inc. 
Miraval Group 
American Systems


The Trade Desk, Inc.
Sloan 
Quicksilver Resources Inc. 


ReWalk Robotics Ltd.
HII Technologies, Inc.
Bob Evans Farms, Inc. 


TrustCo Bank Corp NY 
Simon Property Group, Inc.




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ: CG) named Curtis L. Buser Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Buser has served as Carlyle’s interim CFO since May 2014. He was a partner at Arthur Andersen and Ernst & Young for 19 years prior to serving as Carlyle’s Chief Accounting Officer for ten years. Prior to joining Carlyle in September 2004, Mr. Buser was an audit partner with Ernst & Young, LLP. He began his career with Arthur Andersen in 1985 and was admitted to the partnership in 1997. Mr. Buser served on the Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council from 2007 to 2010 and served on the boards of the Fairfax Symphony Orchestra and Northern Virginia Family Services from 2009 to 2011.
Zoosk, Inc. announced that it named Kelly Steckelberg as chief executive officer. Steckelberg, previously the chief financial officer and chief operating officer, succeeds co-founder Shayan Zadeh, who will remain on the Zoosk board of directors, but will step back from a management role. Steckelberg was promoted after one year to COO, taking on the additional responsibility of overseeing user operations, while continuing to lead as CFO. In the last year, she’s also taken on an expanded role in setting the marketing agenda. She joined the company in 2011 from Cisco Systems, where she held various roles, including divisional CFO for the Consumer Segment and for WebEx.
LogMeIn, Inc. (NASDAQ: LOGM) announced the promotion of Edward (Ed) K. Herdiech to chief financial officer (CFO) and treasurer, effective January 15th, 2015. Having joined LogMeIn in 2006, Herdiech currently serves as the company’s senior vice president of finance and principal accounting officer. Current LogMeIn CFO Jim Kelliher has resigned from his position to pursue an executive role at a Boston-area technology startup. Kelliher, who has served as CFO since May 2006, will assist Herdiech during the transition.
RadioShack Corporation entered into an agreement for advisory and interim management services with FTI Consulting. In connection with this agreement, RadioShack appointed Carlin Adrianopoli as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Effective with the appointment of Mr. Adrianopoli, Holly Etlin will no longer serve as Interim Chief Financial Officer of RadioShack. Carlin Adrianopoli has been a senior managing director in the FTI Consulting Corporate Finance/Restructuring practice since 2010 and joined FTI in 2002.
Apache Corporation (NYSE, NASDAQ: APA) announced the appointment of Peter A. Ragauss to its board of directors. Mr. Ragauss retired from Baker Hughes in October 2014 after eight years as senior vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Baker Hughes, he was controller, Refining and Marketing, for BP Plc from 2003 to 2006; chief executive officer for Air BP from 2000 to 2003; and assistant to group chief executive for BP Amoco from 1998 to 2000. Mr. Ragauss was vice president of Finance and Portfolio Management for Amoco Energy International when Amoco Corporation merged with BP. From 1996 to 1998, he served as vice president of Finance for El Paso Energy International and held positions of increasing responsibility at Tenneco, Inc., from 1993 to 1996, and Kidder, Peabody & Co. Incorporated, from 1987 to 1993.
Extended Stay America, Inc. announced that Jonathan Halkyard will be appointed Chief Financial Officer of Extended Stay America and its subsidiary, ESH Hospitality, Inc. Mr. Halkyard has served as both Chief Operating Officer and Interim CFO overseeing the Company’s operations and finance organizations while the Company initiated a search for a permanent CFO following the resignation of its previous CFO last July. Mr. Halkyard served as the CFO of NV Energy, Inc. from 2012 to 2013 and Caesars Entertainment Corporation (NYSE: CZR) from 2006 to 2012.
FirstCare Health Plans named Mark Huntley as the new chief financial officer (CFO) and chief operating officer (COO). Huntley most recently served as chief financial officer for Allianz Global Assistance. Prior to serving as CFO at Allianz Global Assistance, Mark worked for over 13 years at First Health Services Corporation, as the director, then vice president, of finance. He also served as a board member for Jefferson Insurance Company from 2007 to 2012.
NTN Buzztime, Inc. (NYSE: NTN) hired Allen Wolff as chief financial officer. Most recently, Wolff served as the chief financial strategist of PlumDiggity. Prior to PlumDiggity, Wolff served as a director of 365 Retail Markets, and ultimately joined the company as CFO in 2012. From July 2011 to April 2013, simultaneous with his role at 365 Retail Markets, Wolff was an investor and had the leadership role of “Game Changer” at Crowdrise. Wolff joined Crowdrise after incubating Retail Capital. In January 2006 he co-founded PaySimple. In addition to serving on PaySimple’s Board of Directors, Wolff held various roles through January 2011 including CFO and President. In addition, Wolff was a principal from 1998 to 2012 for a casual dining restaurant. Earlier in his career, Wolff worked at SpaceVest.
ArcBest Corporation (NASDAQ: ARCB) announced that David R. Cobb has been named Chief Financial Officer effective January 1, 2015, while previous CFO Michael E. Newcity takes on a newly created role as ArcBest Chief Innovation Officer and President of subsidiary ArcBest Technologies. Since 2006, Cobb has served as Vice President – Controller at ArcBest, adding the duties of Chief Accounting Officer in 2010. Before joining ArcBest in 2006, he was Vice President – Controller for Smith International Inc., which is now part of Schlumberger Limited.
Senior Lifestyle Corporation announced that Steven T. Hippel has been named Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Prior to his appointment with Senior Lifestyle Corporation, Hippel served as CFO of Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. He also served as Senior Vice President and CFO for ORIX Real Estate Capital, Inc. Hippel has also held high level accounting positions with Shorenstein Company, and Deloitte & Touche.
ID Analytics, Inc. announced Timothy Laughlin has joined the company as chief financial officer. Laughlin joins ID Analytics from Leap Wireless, where he served as acting treasurer. Laughlin also previously held the position of director of joint ventures and business development at Cricket Wireless. Prior to Cricket Wireless, Laughlin was manager of settlement products for H&R Block. Earlier in his career, Laughlin founded software startup FriendlyWorks, Inc. and held senior accounting positions at Arthur Anderson LLC.
Operative appointed Rick Glickman as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Operative, Glickman served as the Executive Vice President and CFO of Teliris, inc. Prior to his tenure with Teliris, Glickman was the CFO of EYP Mission Critical Facilities, Inc.
Applied Proteomics Inc. announced the appointment of Steve R. Martin as chief financial officer. Mr. Martin was formerly CFO of Apricus Biosciences. Prior to Apricus, he was CFO and interim CEO of BakBone Software. Before that, Mr. Martin was senior consultant to the CEO and acting chief accounting officer for Leap Communications. Mr. Martin’s experience includes leadership roles, including as CFO of Strategene Corporation, and as controller for Gen-Probe. 
SRI International has selected Luther Lau as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Lau has served as SRI’s acting CFO since March 2014. Prior to SRI, Lau held executive and management roles at CNA Corporation, SAIC, Northrop Grumman, and Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO).
Express Scripts (NASDAQ: ESRX) announced that it is initiating a Chief Financial Officer transition process.  Cathy R. Smith will be leaving the Company to pursue other interests and no longer serves in the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.  Ms. Smith will continue her employment into the first quarter of 2015 in order to facilitate a smooth and orderly transition. Express Scripts also announced that James M. Havel has been appointed to serve as Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer effective January 2, 2015. Mr. Havel will join Express Scripts from Major Brands Holdings, where he has served as the Chief Financial Officer since April 2012.  Previously, Mr. Havel owned and operated Havel Associates, LLC, serving both private and public companies from July 2010 to April 2012.  Mr. Havel also spent approximately 34 years with Ernst & Young LLP, beginning his career in 1976.
Landstar System, Inc. (NASDAQ: LSTR) announced that Kevin Stout has been named Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Stout joined Landstar in 1997 as Director of Financial Reporting. Stout was promoted to Director of Budget and Planning in 2003 and promoted again in 2004 to Vice President of Finance for the Landstar Carrier Group. In 2007, he was named Landstar Vice President and Corporate Controller, and, in 2014, Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller.  
Process Development Corporation (PDC) announced the appointment of Bill Whalen as the company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Whalen most recently served as the CFO of Nexteer Automotive; and previously as CFO of Intermet Corporation.  Prior to that, he held senior leadership positions at Magna International and United Technologies Corporation.
Radian Group Inc. (NYSE: RDN) announced that its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer C. Robert Quint will retire from this position at the end of 2014 after nearly 25 years with Radian. J. Franklin Hall will assume the role of executive vice president and chief financial officer of Radian on January 1, 2015. In order to ensure a smooth transition, Quint will serve as executive vice president of finance through March 31, 2015, and then assume a consulting role through the end of 2015. Hall began his career with Ernst & Young, and later served as a senior financial analyst for Firstar Bank. He joined First Financial Bancorp in 1999, and assumed the role of chief financial officer in 2005.
MRV Communications (NASDAQ: MRVC) named Mark J. Bonney its President and Chief Executive Officer effective December 15, 2014. Mr. Bonney, who has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2014 and as a Director of MRV since April 2013. The Company also promoted Stephen Krulik who has served as Vice President of Finance since May 5, 2014 to Chief Financial Officer. Previously, from 2007, Mr. Krulik served as VP of Worldwide FP&A at Technicolor Creative Services. Prior to Technicolor, Mr. Krulik served in several financial leadership roles. 
Duetto announced the appointment of Greg Stanger as Chief Financial Officer. Stanger comes to Duetto with significant senior level financial management experience at market leading technology companies, including CFO roles at Expedia, Chegg and oDesk. He has also served as a Board Member for companies including Netflix and Kayak, and as a Venture Partner at Technology Crossover Ventures.
American Realty Capital Hospitality Trust, Inc. announced the hiring of Edward T. Hoganson as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hoganson will replace Nicholas Radesca, who had been serving as interim Chief Financial Officer since May 23, 2014. Mr. Hoganson comes to ARC Hospitality from Crestline Hotels and Resorts, Inc. where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Crestline, he was senior vice president of acquisitions for Sunrise Senior Living, and earlier led the asset management efforts for Highland Hospitality Corporation during its initial public offering in 2003.
Table Trac, Inc. (OTC: TBTC) appointed current CFO, Brian Hinchley, to the position of Interim CEO.
Miraval Group announced the appointment Andrea Persily as CFO. Andrea Persily most recently served as COO and CFO of SpaFinder. Prior to SpaFinder, Persily spent 10 years at Primedia, serving as COO of its B2B publications and CFO of its internet operations.
American Systems announced that its Chief Financial Offer (CFO), Mark Danisewicz, plans on retiring in mid-summer 2015 after a 35-year career with the company.
The Trade Desk, Inc. announced that Paul Ross has joined the company as its Chief Financial Officer. Ross has worked in accounting and finance for more than eighteen years, earning his CPA license while at PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP in the 1990s.
Sloan announced that Bernard Peters has joined their organization as Vice President, Global Finance and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). He previously served as CFO at EveryWare Global, the second largest U.S. glass manufacturer. Prior to that, he was the CFO at Heartland Automotive Services, the largest Jiffy Lube franchisee in the U.S. and at the Pampered Chef, Ltd.
Quicksilver Resources Inc. (NYSE: KWK) announced that Vanessa Gomez LaGatta, Quicksilver’s Vice President since 2009, will be appointed to the position of Senior Vice President – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective January 1, 2015. Ms. LaGatta also served as Quicksilver’s representative on the Board of Directors of Crestwood Midstream Partners GP LLC (the general partner of a publicly-traded midstream services provider) from August 2012 to October 2013. Prior to joining Quicksilver, Ms. LaGatta served as a Director of Credit Suisse’s Investment and Corporate Banking group, where she held various positions of increasing responsibility from 2001 to 2009.
ReWalk Robotics Ltd. (NASDAQ: RWLK) announced the appointment of Kevin W. Hershberger, former controller and Chief Accounting Officer at NxStage Medical Inc., as Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective January 1, 2015. Ami Kraft has elected to transition from his current role as the Chief Financial Officer to a new role as General Manager of ReWalk’s Israel organization, and will assume his new role effective January 1, 2015. Kevin Hershberger most recently served as Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer at NxStage Medical Inc. Prior to NxStage, Mr. Hershberger worked for nearly ten years in positions of increasing responsibility at the NYSE-listed Boston Scientific Corporation, ultimately serving as Controller/Director Finance—Urology & Gynecology.  Mr. Hershberger began his career as an accountant at the USG Corporation.
HII Technologies, Inc. (OTC: HIIT) announced the hiring of Acie Palmer as the Company’s new Chief Financial Officer (CFO). In connection with Mr. Palmer’s appointment as CFO, Matt Flemming resigned as the Company’s CFO. Mr. Flemming continues to serve as the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Most recently, Mr. Palmer was the Chief Financial Officer for Certus Energy Solutions. Previously, Mr. Palmer held positions ranging from Vice President of Operations, Corporate Assistant Treasurer and Director of Planning and Analysis at Key Energy Services (KEG) and Division Controller at Basic Energy Services Inc. (BAS).
Bob Evans Farms, Inc. (NASDAQ: BOBE) announced that its Board has established an interim Office of the Chief Executive. The Office of the CEO is to be filled by Mark Hood, Chief Financial Officer, and another executive from the company. Mark Hood was named Chief Financial Officer of Bob Evans Farms, Inc. in June 2014. Prior to joining Bob Evans, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Brown Shoe Company, from 2006 to 2012. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer with Panera Bread Company, from 2003 to 2006, after joining that company in 2002. His prior experience includes two decades of service with May Department Stores Company, Inc., Saks Holdings, Inc., and U.S. Loyalty Corporation, in various financial and administrative senior management roles.
TrustCo Bank Corp NY (NASDAQ: TRST) announced that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Robert T. Cushing is retiring from the Company on May 31, 2015. Mr. Cushing has assumed the new role of Chief Operating Officer and will assist his successor in the orderly transition of the CFO responsibilities through his retirement in May. The company also announced that Michael M. Ozimek, has been named Senior Vice President and CFO. Mike has been with TrustCo for twelve years. Prior to joining TrustCo Mike worked at the accounting firm KPMG.
Simon Property Group, Inc. announced that Andrew Juster will become Executive Vice President — Chief Financial Officer of Simon Property Group, Inc., succeeding current Chief Financial Officer Stephen E. Sterrett.  Mr. Juster has been with Simon for more than 25 years and has served as Simon’s Treasurer since 2000.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending July 11, 2014
Posted on July 14, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:




Baxter International Inc. 


Hill-Rom Holdings Inc.


LLOG Exploration Co., L.L.C. 




Cornerstone OnDemand Inc. 


Healthx


PAR Technology Corporation 




Compass Minerals 


Leucadia National Corporation 


ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 




Inland American Lodging Group, Inc. 


Gill Holding Company, Inc. 


Smartling




Capnia, Inc. 


CommonWealth REIT 


American Realty Capital Global Trust, Inc.




PCCI 


Fiksu


Saia, Inc. 




Essence


Arch Therapeutics, Inc. 


Gulfport Energy Corporation 




DomiKnow


Global Eagle Entertainment 


Home Federal Bancorp, Inc. of Louisiana 




OFS Capital Corporation 


Cosi, Inc.

 



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Baxter International Inc. (NYSE: BAX) announced that upon completion of the tax-free distribution of the company’s biopharmaceuticals business, Robert J. Hombach, currently chief financial officer for Baxter International Inc., will be appointed chief financial officer and will assume additional operational responsibilities for the independent biopharmaceuticals company. James K. Saccaro will rejoin Baxter August 4, 2014, and will assume the role of chief financial officer of Baxter International Inc., following completion of the transaction in 2015. Hombach joined Baxter in 1989 and has served in a number of finance positions with increasing responsibility in financial planning, manufacturing, operations and treasury. Prior to assuming his current role in 2010, he served as corporate vice president and treasurer. Hombach also served as vice president of finance, Europe, and vice president of corporate planning, where he led several enterprise-wide initiatives and served as a member of the Baxter strategy team. Saccaro joined Baxter in 2002 and held a number of positions of increasing responsibility in both finance and operations for the company’s Medical Products and BioScience businesses. He was elected corporate vice president and treasurer in 2011. Saccaro rejoins Baxter from Hill-Rom Corporation, where he served as senior vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Baxter, Saccaro started his career with the Walt Disney Company in strategic planning.
Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. announced that Jay Saccaro, Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, informed the Corporation that he was resigning to accept a position with his previous employer, Baxter International, as CFO-designate of the post-spin-off company. Mr. Saccaro ceased to be the principal financial officer of the Corporation. Michael Macek, the Vice President and Treasurer of the Corporation, assumed the additional duties of Interim Chief Financial Officer and become the principal financial officer of the Corporation pending the search for Mr. Saccaro’s replacement. Mr. Macek was elected Treasurer in March 2011. Prior to such date, he held the position of Executive Director, Treasury for Hill-Rom since 2008, and a series of financial positions with Hill-Rom since 2005. He also served as the Corporation’s Interim Chief Financial Officer from July 2013 through December 2013.
LLOG Exploration Co., L.L.C. announced it has named Philip S. LeJeune as its Chief Financial Officer to replace John Newman who retired after serving as LLOG’s CFO for the last eleven years. Most recently, he held the position of Vice President, Planning & Budgeting at LLOG. During his seventeen years with LLOG, LeJeune has held various positions of increasing responsibility in the marketing, production accounting, A&D, planning and finance departments. 
Cornerstone OnDemand Inc. (NASDAQ: CSOD) announced that Kristina Salen, chief financial officer of online marketplace Etsy, has been elected to Cornerstone OnDemand’s board of directors. Salen has served as chief financial officer of Etsy, an online marketplace, since January 2013. From January 2006 to January 2013, Salen served in several roles at Fidelity Investments.
Healthx announced the appointment of Kathy Kinder as Healthx Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Kinder was the chief financial officer and senior vice president for Consona Corporation, now Aptean.
PAR Technology Corporation (NYSE: PAR) announced that John S. Barsanti has been appointed to the Company’s Board of Directors. Mr. Barsanti is currently Chief Operating Officer for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Syracuse New York. Prior to that Mr. Barsanti held the roles of President of Crane Merchandising Systems, a business segment of Crane Co., and also was Chief Financial Officer of Carlisle Companies Incorporated. During his professional career Mr. Barsanti also held additional positions within Carrier Corporation, in investment management and as a business entrepreneur. Additionally, Mr. Barsanti, who qualifies as a financial expert, was named Chairman of the Audit Committee of PAR’s Board, and will be the presiding director of non-management and independent directors. Mr. Barsanti will also serve as a member of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and as a member of the Company’s Compensation Committee.
Compass Minerals (NYSE: CMP) announced today that Rodney Underdown, Chief Financial Officer, will depart the company on December 31, 2014, to pursue other professional interests.
Leucadia National Corporation (NYSE: LUK) announced that, effective September 1, 2014, Teresa S. Gendron will become Leucadia’s Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Joseph A. Orlando, who is retiring then for health reasons. Ms. Gendron was most recently the Vice President and Controller of Gannett Co., Inc., in which role she was Gannett’s Chief Accounting Officer from 2011. Previously, Ms. Gendron held the same position of Vice President and Controller at NII Holdings, Inc., which she joined as its Finance Director in 1998. Ms. Gendron began her career in accounting at KPMG LLC, which she joined in 1991.
ContraVir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OTC: CTRV) announced that William Hornung has joined the Company as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to becoming CFO at ContraVir, Mr. Hornung held positions of increasing responsibility with PTC Therapeutics Inc., most recently serving as Vice President of Finance. Mr. Hornung also held positions of increasing responsibility with Elan Pharmaceuticals (formerly The Liposome Company) from 1998 through 2002. 
Inland American Lodging Group, Inc. (IALG), a wholly owned subsidiary of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., announced that Andrew J. Welch has joined the company as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Previously, Mr. Welch was employed by FelCor Lodging Trust from 1998 through 2013, including as its executive vice president and chief financial officer from 2006 to 2013. Prior to joining FelCor, he served as vice president and treasurer of Bristol Hotel Company from 1997 to 1998. Mr. Welch has also held investment banking positions with Bank of America, N.A. and Citibank, N.A.
Gill Holding Company, Inc. announced that J. Timothy Gargaro has joined the company as its Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Tim was Chief Financial Officer of Constellation Enterprises, LLC. Tim began his global career at Lear Corporation, holding several senior positions in finance. From there he served as Chief Financial Officer of Delco Remy International. Tim had CFO stints at JL French Automotive, Exide Technologies and Oxford Automotive, Inc.
Smartling announced the appointment of Adi Dehejia as chief financial officer (CFO). Prior to joining Smartling, Dehejia was the CFO for Rhapsody International Inc. Before Rhapsody, Dehejia was a managing director at private equity investment firm Sandler Capital Management. He has also held leadership positions at AirTouch Communications Inc., Hellman & Friedman and Dillon Read & Co.
Capnia, Inc. announced the appointment of David O’Toole as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Capnia, Mr. O’Toole served as Chief Financial Officer at Codexis, Inc. from 2012 to 2014, Response Genetics, Inc. from 2010 to 2012, and Abraxis BioScience, Inc. from 2008 to 2009. Prior to his Chief Financial Officer experience, David spent 16 years with the accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche LLP, including 12 years as a partner.
CommonWealth REIT (NYSE: CWH) announced the appointment of Adam Markman as CommonWealth REIT’s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Markman served as Managing Director of Green Street Advisors, Inc., where he worked from 1994 to 2014. Mr. Markman has also served as a real estate consultant at Kenneth Leventhal & Co. Mr. Markman was a member of Green Street’s Board of Directors, and currently sits on Mark IV Capital’s Board of Directors and the Executive Committee of U.C. Irvine’s Center for Real Estate. 
American Realty Capital Global Trust, Inc. announced that Patrick J. Goulding has been named Chief Financial Officer to succeed Nicholas Radesca. Mr. Goulding joins ARC Global from Morgan Stanley, where he most recently served as a managing director and global head of portfolio management for Morgan Stanley’s real estate platform. Prior to joining Morgan Stanley in 2010, Mr. Goulding served as managing director at Strategic Value Partners.
PCCI announced the appointment of Jarred Mayrosh as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Mayrosh joins PCCI from ORIX Americas. He held prior positions at ORIX as head of alternative investments in ORIX Capital Markets and global investments in ORIX Real Estate Capital. He most recently served as Managing Director in corporate development. Prior to ORIX, Mr. Mayrosh worked at Lehman Brothers in the investment banking group focused on M&A and corporate finance in the technology and industrial sectors.
Fiksu announced it has hired Ken Goldman to be the company’s first Chief Financial Officer. Ken joins Fiksu from Black Duck Software. Goldman was SVP and CFO at Salary.com from 2006 through 2008. Earlier in his career, Goldman held executive positions as Chief Financial Officer at Lodestar Corporation, Student Advantage, MediaMap, Shoplink.com, Liberty International Holdings, and Goldweitz & Company.
Saia, Inc. (NASDAQ: SAIA) announced that Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) James Darby plans to retire after a distinguished career spanning more than 30 years, including the past 14 years with Saia.
Essence announced the hiring of Joseph Tomasulo as its global chief financial officer, and the promotion of Mark Nancarrow to global chief operating officer. Previously, Tomasulo was the global CFO for the digital agencies within Publicis Groupe, including DigitasLBi and Razorfish. Nancarrow joined Essence as CFO in 2010 and, in 2013, took on additional duties as COO. With more than 30 years of experience, Nancarrow has worked at myriad companies, including HSBC, where he ran its credit card business in the United Kingdom, and Egg, of which he was the CEO.
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (OTC: ARTH) has appointed Richard Davis as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Davis, who has worked as a consultant at Arch since April. The Company’s current Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Alan Barber, has resigned from his position and has become an advisor to the Company. Most recently, Mr. Davis has been an advisor to small and mid-size companies assisting them in their accounting, financial reporting, investor and banking needs. Prior to that, he was President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at NMT Medical, Inc. Prior to that, he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Q-Peak, Inc. Earlier, he worked in a variety of senior level positions at the Coleman Company, The TJX Companies, Inc. and Wang Laboratories.
Gulfport Energy Corporation (NASDAQ: GPOR) announced that Aaron Gaydosik has been appointed to serve as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Mr. Gaydosik served as Vice President of Finance at Kodiak Oil & Gas Corp. Prior to joining Kodiak, Mr. Gaydosik served as a Director in the Oil and Gas Group at Credit Suisse. His prior investment banking experience also includes two years in the energy group at Wachovia Securities.
DomiKnow (OTC: DMNO) announced the hiring of Mark White as CFO. Prior to joining DomiKnow, Mr. White was involved in a number of technology, alternative energy, and consumer goods companies including: President of Glen Arbor, Inc., President of Clean America Energy, Inc., Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Hirsh Industries, and Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Design House.
Global Eagle Entertainment (NASDAQ: ENT) announced that it has appointed Dave Davis as Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors. A veteran of Northwest Airlines and US Airways, Davis was previously the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Global Eagle Entertainment (GEE). Before his appointment as CEO, Davis served as GEE’s Chief Operating Officer since January 2014, Chief Financial Officer since January 2013, and a board member of Row 44 since 2011. Davis spent a total of nearly nine years at Northwest Airlines, ultimately as EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Other positions held by Davis have included Senior Managing Director of Perseus LLC, Partner and Co-Founder of Bearpath Capital LLC and Chief Financial Officer of Kraton Polymers and US Airways. Davis will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer until after the filing of GEE’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter, at which time Mike Zemetra, currently SVP Finance and Chief Accounting Officer, will be appointed acting CFO.
Home Federal Bancorp, Inc. of Louisiana (the “Company”) (NASDAQ: HFBL) the holding company for Home Federal Bank (“Home Federal” or “HFB”), announced the appointment of Glen Brown as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Home Federal. Most recently, he served 17 years as Vice President and Controller for Teche Federal Bank in New Iberia, Louisiana, the wholly owned subsidiary of Teche Holding Company. Prior to joining Teche, Mr. Brown spent 19 years in various accounting and finance roles with First Federal Bank in Lake Charles, Louisiana. As part of the on-going transition plan reported in December 2012, the Company’s long-time Executive Vice President and CFO, Clyde Patterson will assist Mr. Brown in the transition and continue as Treasurer of the Company until retirement which is targeted for December 31, 2017.
OFS Capital Corporation (NASDAQ: OFS) announced that Jeffrey Cerny has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Cerny has served as a member of the Investment Committee of the external advisor since 2010 and replaces Robert Palmer, who has resigned from his positions as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Cerny joined OFS Management in 1999 and has been part of its leadership group since 2000. He has been actively involved in the investing and corporate activities of the firm. Prior to that, Mr. Cerny held various positions at Sanwa Business Credit Corporation, American National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago and Charter Bank Group, a multi-bank holding company.
Cosi, Inc. (NASDAQ:  COSI) announced that it has hired Scott Carlock as Chief Financial Officer. Carlock joins Cosi from quick-service restaurant leader Yum! Brands, Inc. where he has been employed for the past 13 years.  He has held several senior finance and accounting roles with Yum! Brands, including Senior Manager of Finance for KFC US, Business Unit Controller and Senior Manager of KFC and Long John Silver, Associate Manager of SEC Reporting, and most recently, Tax Controller and Director. Carlock will replace Bill Koziel, Cosi’s current CFO.  Prior to joining Yum! Brands, Inc., Mr. Carlock served as Corporate Controller of PrintCafe, Inc. From October 1993 to November 2000, Mr. Carlock served in several finance and accounting roles with Mellon Financial Corporation, most recently as Vice President Controller of its eCommerce Group.  From September 1990 to October 1993, Mr. Carlock served as an auditor for KPMG, LLP. 
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending March 1, 2013
Posted on March 4, 2013 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Bausch + Lomb
Reply.com
Liaison International, Inc.


The SSI Group, Inc.
Contact Solutions
Soles4Souls Inc.


DreamBox Learning
Avago Technologies Limited 
Lam Research Corp. 


Riverbed Technology
Business Development Corporation of America
Genworth Financial, Inc. 


Humana Inc. 
MicroPact
PRO-DEX, INC. 


Larsen MacColl Partners 
Navigant 
AllOver Media, Inc.


Deltek, Inc.
Qualstar Corporation 
Applied Materials, Inc. 


Spectra Energy Partners, LP 
D-Wave Systems, Inc.
Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. 


YouSendIt, Inc.
DubLi, Inc. 
Jumptap, Inc.


Frontier Communications Corporation 
Hampton Roads Bankshares, Inc. 
Cherokee Inc. 


VentriPoint Diagnostics Ltd. 
Kemper Corporation
OXiGENE, Inc. 


Greatbatch, Inc. 
FONU2 Inc. 
Veritec, Inc. 


HealthWarehouse.com, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc. 
Ambassadors Group, Inc. 


Potlatch Corporation 
Consilio
Pendrell Corporation 


Northwest Natural Gas Company 
Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Bausch + Lomb has named Robert Bertolini as president and chief financial officer effective immediately. Bertolini, who assumes CFO responsibilities from Brian J. Harris. Mr. Bertolini previously was executive vice president and chief financial officer at Schering-Plough Corporation from 2003 until its merger with Merck & Co. in 2009.  Earlier in his career, Bertolini spent 20 years at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.  Bertolini is a current board member of Actelion Pharmaceuticals and Charles River Labs, and a former board member of Genzyme Corporation.
Reply.com announced that David Wittenkamp has joined the company as chief financial officer. Prior to joining Reply.com, Wittenkamp was CFO of Greenplum, a division of EMC. He also served as CFO of Merced Systems, and Dealix Corporation. Previously, Wittenkamp successfully co-founded two companies, TouchWave and PhaseOne. 
Liaison International, Inc. announced that it has named Jim Pluntze as Chief Financial Officer. Pluntze comes to Liaison after nearly 10 years at NaviSite, Inc., where he was Chief Operating Officer and, earlier, Chief Financial Officer prior to its acquisition by Time Warner Cable in 2011. Prior to NaviSite he held senior finance positions at Lanthorn Technology, Guardent, Inc. and Razorfish.
The SSI Group, Inc. announced that Terry Pefanis accepted the position of Chief Financial Officer. In addition to his role as Chief Financial Officer, Pefanis will serve as a Vice President and the Chief Compliance Officer at SSI. Pefanis was previously the Chief Financial Officer for Healthtech Holdings, Inc. He was the Chief Operating Officer of Big Idea, from February 2003 until January 2008. Pefanis held various operating and financial positions, including Chief Financial Officer of the Creative Content Division of Gaylord Entertainment Company and related entities from 1994 to 2002. He also worked for Price Waterhouse from 1983 to 1994.
Contact Solutions announced the appointment of Michael Southworth as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Contact Solutions, Southworth was Senior Vice President of Global Wireless Solutions at Corning. Southworth also served as COO and CFO of MobileAccess Networks, which was acquired by Corning in 2011.
Soles4Souls Inc. announced that it has named Les Ward as Chief Financial Officer. Ward joins Soles4Souls after serving as interim CFO since November 2012. Previously, Ward co-founded BlackBriar Advisors LLC. Ward also was a Managing Partner in the Dallas office of Tatum LLC. He also served in several senior executive positions including COO and CFO with Young Presidents’ Organization (YPO), a non-profit organization committed to developing better leaders through education and idea exchange.
DreamBox Learning appointed Peter Biere as its Chief Financial Officer. Biere is a former Partner at Gottschalk Hardesty and CFO of GlobalScholar. In addition to Mr. Biere’s prior posts at Gottschalk Hardesty and GlobalScholar, he also served as CFO at Zones.com and Locate Networks, COO at Evergreen Collateral Consulting, and CFO and General Manager at Lumera Corporation (now GigOptix).
Avago Technologies Limited (NASDAQ: AVGO) announced that Douglas Bettinger has resigned as Chief Financial Officer to pursue another opportunity. Anthony Maslowski, Avago’s Vice President and Corporate Controller, will serve as interim Chief Financial Officer during a search for Mr. Bettinger’s replacement. Mr. Maslowski joined Avago in 2006 as Vice President of Internal Audit. Prior to joining Avago, Mr. Maslowski served as the Chief Financial Officer for Allegro Manufacturing Pte Ltd and prior to that, he held senior finance management positions at Lam Research Corporation and Hitachi Data Systems Corporation
Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ: LRCX) announced that Doug Bettinger will serve as executive vice president and chief financial officer, succeeding Ernie Maddock. Mr. Bettinger was formerly chief financial officer and senior vice president of Avago Technologies Limited, a position he held since 2008. Prior to Avago, Mr. Bettinger served as vice president of finance and corporate controller at Xilinx and chief financial officer at 24/7 Customer, a privately held company. Mr. Bettinger also spent 12 years at Intel Corporation, where he held numerous senior-level finance and manufacturing operations positions.
Riverbed Technology (NASDAQ: RVBD) announced the appointment of Ernie Maddock, currently chief financial officer at Lam Research Corporation, to the position of chief financial officer, effective April 29, 2013. He replaces chief operating officer and chief financial officer Randy Gottfried, who will be retiring from Riverbed effective May 3, 2013. Prior to Lam Research, Maddock held a variety of senior financial and operational positions at NCR Corporation.
Business Development Corporation of America announced that it has appointed Nicholas Radesca as its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer to succeed Brian S. Block. Mr. Block will remain the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President for a number of public real estate investment trusts sponsored by AR Capital, LLC, the Company’s sponsor. In his 20 years before joining American Realty Capital in December 2012, Mr. Radesca served as chief financial officer and secretary of another business development company, Solar Capital, from 2008 to 2012, and coordinated financial, tax and SEC reporting in various roles for iStar Financial, Fannie Mae, Del Monte Foods and Providian Financial.
Genworth Financial, Inc. (NYSE: GNW) announced that Chief Financial Officer Martin P. Klein has been named an executive vice president of Genworth.
Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) announced that James H. Bloem, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will retire from the company on December 31, 2013.
MicroPact announced the appointment of Chief Financial Officer (CFO), John D. Young. Previously, Young was the Senior Vice President (SVP) and CFO for Metron Aviation. Prior to Metron Aviation, Young held a position at Era Systems Corporation, where he served as SVP, CFO, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer. He has also held leadership positions at the Baan Company, Blackbaud, Incorporated and Legent Corporation.
PRO-DEX, INC. (NASDAQ: PDEX) announced that has combined the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and appointed Harold A. Hurwitz to the position of Chief Executive Officer effective immediately.  Mr. Hurwitz will retain his position as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. He succeeds Michael J. Berthelot, who had served as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer since April 2012. Mr. Hurwitz has served as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer since 2010. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Hurwitz was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Interventional Spine Inc.  Prior to that, he was a Principal Consultant with McDermott & Bull. From 1997 through 2004, Mr. Hurwitz was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Micro Therapeutics, Inc
Larsen MacColl Partners announced that Christopher J. Davis has been appointed as Partner, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Davis most recently served as Senior Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Perseus, LLC. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative & Financial Officer at Safeguard Scientifics, Inc., (NYSE:SFE), and as President and CEO at LFC Financial Corp.
Navigant (NYSE: NCI) announced the appointment of Lucinda (Cindy) Baier to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Baier will replace Thomas Nardi, who will be retiring from the firm. Baier served most recently as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administration Officer for Central Parking Systems, Inc. Baier is on the Board of Directors and Audit Committee of The Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.
AllOver Media, Inc. has hired Shaun Nugent as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Nugent has held numerous C-level positions at a variety of name-brand companies including Champps restaurants, Life Time Fitness and Sun Country Airlines. He served as CFO at Sun Country from 2002 through 2007, before being promoted to CEO in 2005 and serving simultaneously in both leadership roles.
Deltek, Inc. announced today that it has appointed Michael Krone as its new treasurer and chief financial officer (CFO). Prior to this appointment, Mike was Deltek’s corporate controller and has held that position since he joined the Company in August 2008. Before Deltek, Mike held various senior financial management positions at some of the world’s leading software and services companies including webMethods, Bearing Point, Enterworks, and Telos.
Qualstar Corporation (NASDAQ: QBAK) announced that Nidhi H. Andalon has resigned as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to pursue other opportunities. Ms. Andalon served in various financial roles before becoming Chief Financial Officer in 2009. Qualstar’s finance group will be managed by Neal Carver, who has held senior corporate finance and controller roles in public and private technology companies for more than 20 years. Most recently, Mr. Carver was Corporate Controller for Applied Films Corporation until it was acquired by Applied Materials in 2006 and continued on as Operations Controller for Applied Materials, Inc. from 2006 until 2012.
Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMAT) announced that Bob Halliday has been named senior vice president and chief financial officer. Halliday previously was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates prior to Applied’s acquisition of the company in November 2011. Since the acquisition of Varian, Halliday has served as general manager of the implant business unit within Applied’s Silicon Systems Group.
Spectra Energy Partners, LP (NYSE: SEP) announced that Pat Reddy, chief financial officer (CFO) of Spectra Energy, will assume the CFO responsibilities for Spectra Energy Partners as well. Laura Sayavedra, previously CFO of Spectra Energy Partners, has been named vice president of strategy for Spectra Energy.
D-Wave Systems, Inc. announced that Steven M. Cakebread has joined as chief financial officer and chief administrative officer. Before joining D-Wave, Cakebread served as chief financial officer of Pandora Media, Inc. He was president and chief strategy officer of salesforce.com. Other roles with salesforce.com include executive vice president and chief financial officer. Before that, Cakebread served as senior vice president and chief financial officer at Autodesk and Silicon Graphics World Trade.
Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: UBNT) announced that Craig Foster will join the company as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Foster joins Ubiquiti from Credit Suisse where he served as a director in the investment banking group focused on technology infrastructure and software from June 2012 to February 2013. From August 2007 to June 2012, he worked at UBS investment bank as an Executive Director, and most recently as the co-head of the software group. Prior to banking, Mr. Foster was an early employee of Loudcloud, Inc. and held a number of management positions in product management, business development and finance. He also held various positions at RBC Capital Markets, Open Market, Deloitte Consulting, and PriceWaterhouseCoopers.
YouSendIt, Inc. announced the appointment of Ned Sizer as chief financial officer. Sizer’s previous companies included Ancestry.com, Silver Spring Networks, Omniture and Macromedia.
DubLi, Inc. (PINK: DUBL) announced that it has appointed Eric Nelson as Chief Financial Officer. Nelson served as a consultant to DubLi since November 2012. He is a partner with the Southern Florida practice of The SCA Group, LLC, a position he has held since 2008. Earlier in his career, Mr. Nelson was CFO/Turnaround Specialist for public company QSGI and CEO/Restructuring Officer for Gibraltar Metals. In 2007, Mr. Nelson was partner, turnaround professional and on the board of directors to six portfolio companies in private equity firm Sun Capital Partners. Prior to Sun, from 2000 to 2002, Mr. Nelson served as controller and then from 2003 to 2006 as CFO for West Marine. Previous to West Marine, Nelson has served as CFO in manufacturer Dental Components, Inc., distributor Fluid-Air Components and retail company Etcetera. Mr. Nelson started his career with the May Department Stores where he held several financial and operational positions.
Jumptap, Inc. announced that it has appointed Brian Cohen as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, he served as Chief Financial Officer of DynamicOps, which was acquired by VMware. Cohen previously served as Chief Financial Officer at Q1 Labs, which was acquired by IBM; and Webline Communications and Telebit Corporation, which were both acquired by Cisco. 
Frontier Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: FTR) announced that it has appointed John M. Jureller Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. From 2008 through 2012, Mr. Jureller was Senior Vice President, Finance and Operations for the Resources Group of General Atlantic LLC. Before this, he was Chief Financial Officer of WestPoint International, Inc. From 2003 through 2006, Mr. Jureller was a member of the Corporate Turnaround & Restructuring practice of AlixPartners, LLC. Previously, he was Chief Financial Officer of Trans-Resources, Inc; Senior Vice President, Corporate Development at Gartner, Inc.; and Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development at Caribiner International, Inc. Early in his career, Mr. Jureller held increasingly senior financial roles at PepsiCo World Trading Company, Inc., Emcor Group, Inc., and General Electric Capital Corporation. Mr. Jureller began his career in finance at Bankers Trust Company.
Hampton Roads Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: HMPR), the holding company for The Bank of Hampton Roads and Shore Bank, announced that Stephen P. Theobald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving the Company on March 31, 2013 to accept a CFO position with another financial services firm.
Cherokee Inc. (NASDAQ: CHKE) announced that Mark DiSiena has resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the Company in order to pursue other career opportunities. The Company announced that Jason Boling was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Boling joins Cherokee from DTS Inc., where he served as Vice President of Finance and Accounting beginning in 2006. Prior to DTS, he spent four years as Vice President and Corporate Controller for Inamed Corporation.
VentriPoint Diagnostics Ltd. (OTC: VPTDF) announced that it has appointed Ellen Briant as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary. Previously she worked at Spire Sharwood (previously Sharwood & Company). She was the Vice-President & Director, Private Placements Group for Deloitte & Touche. Prior to that she worked in the corporate banking group at Scotiabank and the financial services audit group of Ernst & Young. The Company has accepted the resignation of Chris Deaton.
Kemper Corporation (NYSE: KMPR) announced that Frank J. Sodaro will become Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Kemper Corporation. The company also announced that Dennis Vigneau will resign his position as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Kemper. Most recently, Mr. Sodaro was Vice President of Planning and Analysis for Kemper. His previous positions include Assistant Corporate Controller, Investment Accounting Manager and Senior Auditor.
OXiGENE, Inc. (NASDAQ: OXGN) appointed Barbara Riching as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Riching joined the Company in December 2011 and since July 2012 has served as the Company’s Interim Chief Financial Officer. She previously served as the Senior Director of Finance for Abgenix, Inc. from 1999 until 2005. Prior to Abgenix, Ms. Riching worked in finance positions at ALZA Corporation, Natural Wonders, Inc., and Ernst & Young LLP.
Greatbatch, Inc. (NYSE: GB) announced that Joseph W. Dziedzic has been elected to its Board of Directors. Mr. Dziedzic also will serve on the Board’s Audit and Compensation & Organization Committees. Mr. Dziedzic currently serves as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Brink’s Company. Prior to joining Brink’s in 2009, he had a 20-year career with General Electric holding a number of positions of increasing responsibility. Mr. Dziedzic served in a number of leadership positions at General Electric including Chief Financial Officer of GE Aviation Services, Manager of Global Financial Planning & Analysis for GE Energy, and Chief Financial Officer for GE Plastics America.
Chugach Electric Association, Inc. announced that Michael R. Cunningham retired from Chugach. Ron Vecera was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer and Sr. Vice President, Finance and Administration for Chugach. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Vecera was serving as Director of Renewable Energy Business Development. Mr. Vecera has worked at Chugach for more than 30 years and has held various management positions in the areas of Strategic Planning and Corporate Affairs, Member Services and Planning and Rates. Mr. Vecera has also worked for the Alaska Public Utilities Commission, the predecessor to the RCA, and has an MBA degree, with a concentration in Finance, from Columbia University.
FONU2 Inc. (OTC: FONU) announced that upon the President and CEO’s resignation, Robert B. Lees, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, will serve as the Company’s interim President and Chief Executive Officer.
Veritec, Inc. (OTC: VRTC) announced the resignation of John Quentin as Chief Financial Officer of Veritec, Inc..
HealthWarehouse.com, Inc. announced that Eduardo Altamirano, the company’s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, informed us that he was resigning from all his positions at the company effective April 15, 2013.
Dole Food Company, Inc. (NYSE: DOLE) announced that Joseph S. Tesoriero has stepped down from his position as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer upon sale of the company to ITOCHU. Keith C. Mitchell, current chief financial officer of Dole’s North American Fresh Fruit business, has become Chief Financial Officer;
Ambassadors Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: EPAX) announced that upon the resignation of the Chief Executive Officer of the company, Anthony Dombrowik, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has assumed the role of Interim Chief Executive Officer.
Potlatch Corporation (NASDAQ: PCH) announced that Eric J. Cremers has been named president and chief operating officer, and elected to its board of directors. Cremers will continue to serve as chief financial officer and lead investor relations activities while a search for a successor is conducted. Cremers joined Potlatch in 2007 as vice president and chief financial officer and was promoted in 2012 to executive vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Potlatch, Cremers worked for Albertsons, where he served as senior vice president, corporate strategy and business development. He also worked in investment banking for Piper Jaffray and for The Pillsbury Company.
Consilio announced that Dale Bowen has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Consilio, he was vice president of finance and treasurer for GridPoint. He has also served as corporate controller for ATPCO, and as director of finance for Ceridian. 
Pendrell Corporation (NASDAQ: PCO) announced that David Rinn has been appointed vice president and chief financial officer for the company.  Mr. Rinn is replacing Thomas Neary , who submitted his resignation as vice president and chief financial officer.  Mr. Rinn served as senior vice president for strategy and corporate development from 2009 to 2011 and as chief financial officer from 2004 to 2008 for Ancestry.com Inc.  From 1992 to 2004, he held senior finance and operational roles with Microsoft Corporation, including serving as chief financial officer for that company’s Mobile and Embedded Devices division.  He began his career in the investment banking division of Morgan Stanley.
Northwest Natural Gas Company (NYSE: NWN), dba NW Natural, announced that David H. Anderson has been promoted to executive vice president of Operations and Regulation. Anderson has served as NW Natural’s senior vice president and chief financial officer since 2004. Prior to joining the company, Anderson served as senior vice president and chief financial officer for TXU Gas and controller for TXU Corporation. Stephen P. Feltz was promoted to senior vice president and chief financial officer. Feltz has been with the company since 1982 in accounting and finance senior management positions, serving as treasurer and controller since 1999.
Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: SCMP) (SPI) announced it appointed Maureen E. O’Connell, executive vice president, chief administrative officer and chief financial officer of Scholastic Corporation (NASDAQ: SCHL), to its board of directors. In her 23 years of experience, she has served as chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, chief operating officer, and president for both private and public companies including Affinion Group, Inc.; Gartner, Inc. (NYSE: IT); Barnes & Nobel (NYSE: BKS); Publishers Clearing House; and BMG Direct. Ms. O’Connell is a former member of the board of directors of Beazer Homes (NYSE: BZH), where she served as audit chair for most of her tenure.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,401 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:



