 



Stone Point Capital Announces the Formation of NXT Capital — A New Commercial Finance Company Focused on the Middle Market | Business Wire
























































Stone Point Capital Announces the Formation of NXT Capital — A 
      New Commercial Finance Company Focused on the Middle Market






May 03, 2010 10:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



GREENWICH, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Stone Point Capital LLC announced today the capitalization of 
      NXT Capital, LLC (www.nxtcapital.com), 
      a newly formed, commercial finance company serving middle-market 
      borrowers and investors. Trident IV, L.P. and Trident V, L.P., private 
      equity funds managed by Stone Point Capital, will be the lead investors 
      in NXT Capital, along with the founding management team.
    


      NXT Capital provides structured financing solutions to middle-market 
      clients through its Corporate Finance and Real Estate Finance groups, 
      originating transactions directly on a national basis. The foundation of 
      the business is strong client focus, a cohesive and experienced team, 
      and a broad product offering including senior secured, first mortgage, 
      unitranche, junior secured and mezzanine financing, and equity 
      co-investments. NXT Capital targets senior financing of up to $100 
      million with a typical hold size ranging from $10 million to $30 
      million. The company closed its first financing transaction at the end 
      of April.
    

      The management team is led by CEO Robert Radway, the former President of 
      Merrill Lynch Capital, who is joined by Mike Litwin (Chief Credit and 
      Risk Officer) and Neil Rudd (CFO). Messrs. Radway, Litwin and Rudd 
      collectively founded Merrill Lynch Capital in 2002. The Corporate 
      Finance Group is headed by John Finnerty, and the Real Estate Finance 
      Group is co-headed by Craig Andreen and Kevin Rostowsky. Each member of 
      the team was instrumental in building Merrill Lynch Capital into a 
      leading middle-market commercial finance company from its launch in 2002 
      until its sale in 2008. Prior to the formation of Merrill Lynch Capital, 
      they were key members of the executive leadership team at Heller 
      Financial.
    

      “We will be focusing on large, under-served segments of the 
      middle-market. These are markets that we have operated in very 
      successfully over the past two decades, and where our clients are 
      actively seeking an alternative financing source,” said Radway. “Our 
      flat, streamlined organization ensures the early involvement of decision 
      makers, providing clients with a quick and reliable response to their 
      financing needs. We work collaboratively and constructively at every 
      step of the transaction process, and look forward to re-introducing our 
      experienced team and way of doing business to NXT’s target markets.”
    

      “Having managed risk successfully through several economic cycles, NXT’s 
      management team has a proven track record and a strong following among 
      its clients,” said Charles A. Davis, Stone Point Capital’s CEO. “We are 
      enthusiastic about partnering with Robert Radway and his colleagues to 
      build NXT Capital into a market-leading commercial finance business.”
    

      NXT Capital is headquartered in Chicago with offices in New York, 
      Atlanta, Dallas and Newport Beach.
    

      Stone Point Capital LLC is a global private equity firm based in 
      Greenwich, Connecticut, that has a 25-year record of making successful 
      investments in the financial services industry. Stone Point Capital 
      serves as the manager of the Trident Funds, which have raised more than 
      $10 billion in committed capital to make investments in lending, 
      banking, asset management and other financial services companies. For 
      further information about Stone Point Capital, see www.stonepoint.com.
    




Contacts

      Robert E. RadwayNXT Capital, LLC(312) 450-8188orCharles 
      A. DavisStone Point Capital LLC(203) 862-2900
    

















Contacts

      Robert E. RadwayNXT Capital, LLC(312) 450-8188orCharles 
      A. DavisStone Point Capital LLC(203) 862-2900
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 





Robert E Radway - Chicago, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert E Radway in Chicago, IL


Robert E Radway

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert E Radway  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Chicago, IL.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Robert E Radway is in his 50s

Robert Has Lived In

Chicago, IL
Chino, CA
Phoenix, AZ

Robert's Relatives

Debra Radway
Alexandra Radway







Robert E Radway



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at NXT Capital



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert E Radway
Get a Criminal Check on Robert E Radway
Get a Public Record Report on Robert E Radway
Get a People Search Report on Robert E Radway


Robert E Radway's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert E Radway has lived as well as Robert E Radway's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert E Radway Has Lived in 3 States
Illinois Address for Robert E Radway


401 N W***** A** 

Chicago, IL


Has Lived In

Chicago, IL
Chino, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert E Radway

(312) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 
(312) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 
(312) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert E Radway

r***0@***.net
r*****r@***.com
r******y@***.com


Get Email Report




Robert E Radway's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert E Radway's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert E Radway has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert E Radway Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: NXT Capital
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: GATX Tank Storage Terminals Corporation (DEL)
               Title: General / Technical
Robert E Radway's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: NXT Capital
Job Details
               Company Size: $25 mil to less than $50 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Title: General / Technical
               Company: GATX Tank Storage Terminals Corporation (DEL)
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on Robert E Radway

 See Robert E Radway's LinkedIn Profile



Robert E Radway's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert E Radway


Robert E Radway's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert E Radway's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Radway
Username Matches

                  RobertRadway
                  RadwayRobert
                  Robert.Radway
                  Radway.Robert
                  Robert_Radway
                  Radway_Robert
                  Robert-Radway
                  Radway-Robert
                  RRadway
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Radway







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














CDK Robert E. Radway Insider Trades for CDK Global Inc.


































Bulletin

U.S. employment costs up 0.5% in second quarter »
        

U.S. economic-growth rate picks up; second-quarter GDP: 2.6% »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































CDK Global Inc.

                  NASDAQ: CDK
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

CDK Global Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


CDK

/quotes/zigman/39082727/composite


$
65.79




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 29,757
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/39082727/composite
Previous close

$
			66.19
		


$
				65.79
			
Change

-0.40
-0.60%





Day low
Day high
$65.49
$66.64










52 week low
52 week high

            $53.46
        

            $67.49
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Robert E. Radway



Mr. Robert E. Radway is Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at NXT Capital LLC. He is on the Board of Directors at CDK Global, Inc. 
Mr. Radway was previously employed as Founder by Merrill Lynch Capital Corp., a Principal by FINOVA Group, Inc., President by GE HFS Holdings, Inc., and EVP-Corporate Strategy & Development by Heller Financial, Inc. 
He received his undergraduate degree from Syracuse University and an MBA from Santa Clara University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/15/2016
2,587


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/06/2015
3,017


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/06/2015
2,916


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/14/2014
4,148


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Brian Patrick MacDonald 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Lee J. Brunz 
CFO, Secretary, VP & General Counsel




Mr. Rajiv  Amar 
Chief Technology Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Dean w. Crutchfield 
Chief Information Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Ronald L. Frey 
Chief Strategy Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Kathy  Gilbert 
Director-Sales & Business Development




Mr. Tony  Graham 
Chief Customer Experience Officer




Mr. Robert N. Karp 
President-Retail Solutions North America




Dr. Andrew  Dean 
President-Automotive Retail International




Mr. Scott L. Mathews 
Executive Vice President-North American Sales




Ms. Jennifer  Nagy 
Head-Media Relations




Ms. Amy W. Byrne 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Leslie A. Brun 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Willie A. Deese 
Independent Director




Mr. Stephen Francis Schuckenbrock 
Independent Director




Ms. Eileen J. Martinson 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert M. Tarkoff 
Independent Director




Ms. Amy J. Hillman 
Independent Director




Mr. Stephen A. Miles 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert E. Radway 
Independent Director




Mr. Frank S. Sowinski 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:43 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:39aChevron swings to profit as charges shrink
8:39aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
8:37aChevron's stock slips 0.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:36aMcConnell blames Democrats after health-care loss | House approves border-wall money     
8:35aChevron Q2 revenue $33 bln vs. $28 bln a year ago; FactSet consensus $33 bln
8:34aChevron Q2 FactSet EPS consensus 86 cents
8:34aChevron Q2 EPS includes charges of $430 mln and gains from asset sales of $160 mln
8:33a30-year Treasury yield down by 0.8 basis point to 2.919%
8:32aS&P 500 futures down 0.2% at 2,467
8:32aBREAKINGU.S. stock futures trim losses after GDP data
8:32aNasdaq-100 futures down 0.6% at 5,872
8:32aDow futures off 0.1% at 21,720
8:32a10-year Treasury yield down by 0.9 basis point to 2.306%.
8:32aChevron Q2 EPS 77 cents vs. per-share loss 78 cents
8:32a2-year Treasury yield down by 2 basis points to 1.347%
8:32aAugust gold rises 0.2% at $1,263/oz.
8:31aTreasury yields tick lower after second-quarter GDP data
8:31aBREAKINGGold climbs after first read of second-quarter GDP 
8:31aHPE CEO Meg Whitman says she won’t be Uber’s next CEO
8:31aU.S. dollar holds weakness following GDP data
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Robert E. Radway: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:43 AM ET
Diversified Financial Services

Company Overview of NXT Capital, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert E. Radway  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, NXT Capital, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships57--
Background

		Mr. Robert E. Radway serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman at NXT Capital, LLC. Mr. Radway served as the Managing Director and President at Merrill Lynch Capital Inc. at Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. He led the formation and development of Merrill Lynch Capital from its inception in 2001 until 2008 where he was responsible for all aspects of the business. Prior to that, Mr. Radway held senior positions at Heller Financial, Inc., including Executive Vice President ... of Corporate Strategy and Development where he was responsible for its worldwide strategic planning, business development and merger and acquisitions worldwide. He also served as a Group President at Heller Healthcare Finance where he structured and negotiated its sale in 2001. Mr. Radway’s held a number of executive positions at The Finova Group including Executive Vice President and Head of the Capital Markets Group. He also worked at Business Property Lending, Inc. He has been an Independent Director of CDK Global, Inc. since September 30, 2014. Mr. Radway holds an M.B.A. from the University of Santa Clara and a B.S. from Syracuse University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
191 North Wacker DriveChicago, Illinois 60606United StatesPhone: 312-450-8000Fax: 312-450-8100
Board Members Memberships
Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerNXT Capital, LLC2014-PresentIndependent DirectorCDK Global, Inc.
Education
BS Syracuse UniversityMBA Santa Clara University
Other Affiliations
EverBank Business Property Lending, Inc.Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.CDK Global, Inc.Syracuse UniversitySanta Clara UniversityMerrill Lynch Capital


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact NXT Capital, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Robert Radway, Nxt Capital LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Robert Radway

Chairman/CEO/Founder,
Nxt Capital LLC






Career History




Chairman/CEO/Founder
Nxt Capital LLC, 2010-PRESENT


Managing Director/President
Merrill Lynch Capital, 2001-2008


Exec VP
Heller Financial Inc, 5/2001-1/2002


Exec VP:Corp Development
Heller Financial Inc, 10/1998-5/2001


Various Positions
Finova Group Inc, 1992-10/1998


Show More









Website:
www.nxtcapital.com






Corporate Information
Address:

191 North Wacker Drive
Suite 1200
Chicago, IL 60606
United States


Phone:
1-312-450-8000


Fax:
1-312-450-8100


Web url:
www.nxtcapital.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Santa Carla
MBA


Syracuse University
Bachelor's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Cdk Global Global Holdings LLC


Board Member, 9/2014-PRESENT




Nxt Capital LLC


Chairman, 2010-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Robert E. Radway - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert E. Radway
Board Member at CDK Global, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Robert E. Radway? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert E. Radway's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert E. Radway's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert E. Radway's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert E. Radway through your network of contacts.
												








Robert E. Radway's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
CDK Global, Inc.


Past
To view Robert E. Radway's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Robert E. Radway's Biography



Since 2010, Mr. Radway has served as Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NXT Capital, a privately held commercial finance company with approximately $6.5 billion in owned and managed assets. From 2001 to 2008, Mr. Radway served as Managing Director and President of Merrill Lynch Capital, the commercial finance unit of Merrill Lynch Bank USA that, prior to its sale in 2008, had owned and managed assets in excess of $30 billion and approximately 550 employees. Prior to his service with Merrill Lynch Capital, Mr. Radway held senior positions with Heller Financial, Inc., including Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and De ...
(Read More)

			Since 2010, Mr. Radway has served as Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NXT Capital, a privately held commercial finance company with approximately $6.5 billion in owned and managed assets. From 2001 to 2008, Mr. Radway served as Managing Director and President of Merrill Lynch Capital, the commercial finance unit of Merrill Lynch Bank USA that, prior to its sale in 2008, had owned and managed assets in excess of $30 billion and approximately 550 employees. Prior to his service with Merrill Lynch Capital, Mr. Radway held senior positions with Heller Financial, Inc., including Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development responsible for the company's strategic planning, business development, and M&A worldwide. Mr. Radway's roles as the chief executive of NXT Capital and as president of Merrill Lynch Capital have provided him with extensive executive management, operational, and business strategy experience. He brings to the board the ability to analyze and oversee financial reporting and performance, as well as expertise in capital markets and financing initiatives, corporate strategy, and human resource development and retention.
		
Source: CDK Global, Inc. on 10/03/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert E. Radway's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert E. Radway. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert E. Radway's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert E. Radway's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert E. Radway through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert E. Radway


















Robert E. Radway's Connections (22)





Sign up now to view Robert E. Radway's 22 connections »









Stephen F. Schuckenbrock
Board Member, CDK Global, Inc.









Willie A. Deese
Board Member, DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.









Robert M. Tarkoff
Board Member, CDK Global, Inc.









Leslie A. Brun
Chairman of the Board, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.









Malcolm W. Thorne
Former Employee, CDK Global, Inc.









Robert N. Karp
President, Automotive Retail North America, CDK Global, Inc.









Lee J. Brunz
Executive Vice President, Secretary, General Counsel, CDK Global, Inc.









Eileen J. Martinson
Board Member, CDK Global, Inc.









Steven J. Anenen
Former Executive Advisor and Former Chief Executive Officer, CDK Global, Inc.









Alfred A. Nietzel
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, CDK Global, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














News on Robert E. Radway


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Robert E. Radway                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Robert E. Radway











NXT Capital Closes $406 Million CLO


                                April 13, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... our robust direct loan origination platform and proven risk management practices," said Robert Radway, Chairman and CEO. "It also demonstrates growing investor recognition of the ...
                                









Aflac Announces Investment Partnership with NXT Capital


                                March 31, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... benefits and attractive risk-adjusted returns that middle market private debt provides," said Robert Radway, NXT Capital's Chairman and CEO. "We appreciate Aflac's recognition of NXT's ...
                                









NXT Capital Expands Asset Management Team with Addition of Linda Chaffin as Head of Institutional Marketing


                                February 15, 2017                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... the NXT Capital team and help lead our institutional marketing effort," said Robert Radway, Chairman and CEO. "Linda's reputation, relationships and expertise will enhance NXT ...
                                









NXT Capital closes fourth private debt fund 


                                October 6, 2016                                 • 
                                peHUB                            


                                  ... of middle market loans to institutional investors,” said NXT Chairman and CEO Robert Radway. “NXT Capital Senior Loan Fund IV further strengthens our position as ...
                                









NXT Capital promotes Kopplin to MD of risk management 


                                February 16, 2016                                 • 
                                peHUB                            


                                  ... years at Heller Financial, Merrill Lynch Capital and now NXT Capital,” said Robert Radway, Chairman and CEO. “The fact that we have been consistently recognized ...
                                









NXT Capital Closes $408 Million CLO


                                May 14, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... our robust direct loan origination platform and proven risk management practices," said Robert Radway, Chairman and CEO. "Investors are increasingly confident in the fact that ...
                                









NXT Capital Announces $800 Million Leveraged Loan Fund: Significantly Expands Asset Management Platform


                                January 28, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... of leveraged finance to the middle market," said NXT Chairman and CEO Robert Radway. "Strong interest in Senior Loan Fund III also further demonstrates the ...
                                









NXT Capital Closes $357 Million CLO


                                May 14, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... our robust direct loan origination platform and proven risk management practices," said Robert Radway, Chairman and CEO. "Furthermore, our ability to attract first time investors ...
                                









NXT Capital closes USD783m leveraged loan fund


                                July 31, 2013                                 • 
                                Hedgeweek                            


                                  ... market leveraged lending and our track record as an asset manager," says Robert Radway (pictured), NXT's chairman and chief executive. "We appreciate investors' vote of ...
                                









NXT Capital Expands Asset Management Platform with Successful Close of $783 Million Leveraged Loan Fund


                                July 31, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... market leveraged lending and our track record as an asset manager," said Robert Radway, NXT's Chairman and CEO. "We appreciate investors' vote of confidence in ...
                                









NXT Capital Closes $358 Million CLO


                                April 8, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... capability and our disciplined risk management practices," said NXT's Chairman and CEO, Robert Radway. "The CLO's success also illustrates the growing recognition among institutional investors ...
                                









NXT Capital Launches Equipment Finance Business


                                April 2, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... and a talented team of equipment financing professionals to NXT Capital," said Robert Radway, Chairman and CEO. "Equipment finance is a business we're very familiar ...
                                







Related News Feeds






NXT Capital Investment Advisers LLC







Alumni of Santa Clara University







Robert E. Radway

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















RADWAY ROBERT E. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      RADWAY ROBERT E.
                    

•   HOFFMAN ESTATES, IL
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Radway Robert E. is based out of Hoffman Estates.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from RADWAY ROBERT E., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




radway robert e.


C/O CDK GLOBAL, INC.

HOFFMAN ESTATES
IL
                                                        
                                                    60169









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 11/17/2016
4 filed on 11/09/2015
4 filed on 11/18/2014
3 filed on 10/08/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free


















CDK Global Inc (CDK.O)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















CDK Global Inc (CDK.O)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySoftware












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				CDK.O on Nasdaq


				65.79USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$65.79


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

953,760




52-wk High

$67.49


52-wk Low

$53.46











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Leslie Brun

64
2014

                                Independent Chairman of the Board




							Brian MacDonald

50
2016

                                President, Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Lee Brunz

47
2017

                                Interim Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary




							Andrew Dean

59
2016

                                President, CDK International




							Robert Karp

55
2016

                                President - CDK North America




							Amy Byrne


2017

                                Chief Human Resource Officer, Executive Vice President




							Rajiv Amar

49


                                Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer




							Dean Crutchfield

55
2016

                                Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer




							Scott Mathews

58
2016

                                Executive Vice President, North America Sales




							Dan Flynn

46
2016

                                Executive Vice President - Business Transformation




							Yvonne Surowiec

55
2014

                                Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer




							Willie Deese

61
2014

                                Independent Director




							Amy Hillman

51
2014

                                Independent Director




							Eileen Martinson

62
2016

                                Independent Director




							Stephen Miles

48
2014

                                Independent Director




							Robert Radway

56
2014

                                Independent Director




							Stephen Schuckenbrock

56
2016

                                Independent Director




							Frank Sowinski

61
2014

                                Independent Director




							Robert Tarkoff

48
2016

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Leslie Brun


					
							Mr. Leslie A. Brun is Independent Chairman of the Board of the Company. Mr. Brun has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SARR Group, LLC, an investment holding company, since 2006. In addition, he was formerly Managing Director and head of investor relations at CCMP Capital Advisors, LLC, a global private equity firm. He is also the founder and Chairman Emeritus of Hamilton Lane Advisors, a provider of asset management services for which he served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman from 1991 until 2005. From 1988 to 1991, he was Managing Director and co-founder of the investment banking group of Fidelity Bank in Philadelphia. Mr. Brun served as a director of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (“ADP”) from 2003 to 2015 and as ADP’s Chairman of the Board from 2007 to 2015. Mr. Brun has served as a director of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (“Broadridge”), an investor communications and business process outsourcing provider, since 2007 and as Broadridge’s Chairman of the Board since 2011. He has served as a director of Merck & Co., Inc. (“Merck”), a health care company, since 2009 and lead director since 2016, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, a technology solutions provider, since 2015. He is also a director of NXT Capital, Inc., a private company. Mr. Brun is a former trustee of Widener University, the University at Buffalo Foundation, Inc. and The Episcopal Academy in Merion, Pennsylvania. Mr. Brun’s investment banking and leadership experience provide him with extensive financial and management expertise, and his directorships at other public companies have given him broad experience with governance and other issues facing public companies.




							Brian MacDonald


					
							Mr. Brian Patrick MacDonald is President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of the Company. Mr. MacDonald assumed the role of President on January 1, 2016 and the role of Chief Executive Officer on March 8, 2016. Prior to joining CDK, Mr. MacDonald served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Hertz Rental Equipment Corporation, and, from September 2014 to November 2014, as interim Chief Executive Officer of Hertz Corporation. Prior to Hertz, Mr. MacDonald served as President and Chief Executive Officer of ETP Holdco Corp., an entity formed following Energy Transfer Partners' $5.3 billion acquisition of Sunoco, Inc. in 2012, where Mr. MacDonald had served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer prior to ETP's acquisition of Sunoco. During his tenure at Sunoco, the company undertook a substantial restructuring to strengthen and transform the organization and better position it for growth. Sunoco exited unprofitable operations, significantly reduced costs, improved efficiencies, and refocused on established high-return businesses. Mr. MacDonald has also held executive management roles at Dell, General Motors Corporation, and Isuzu Motors Limited. Mr. MacDonald also serves on the board of directors of Computer Sciences Corporation and previously served on the board of directors of Sunoco and Sunoco Logistics from March 2012 to October 2012 and October 2009 to October 2012, respectively, and on the board of directors of Ally Financial, Inc. from May 2013 to July 2014 following his appointment by the U.S. Department of the Treasury.




							Lee Brunz


					
							Mr. Lee J. Brunz has been appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary of the Company effective May 31, 2017. He is currently serves as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company. Mr. Brunz has served as the Company’s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since its spin-off from Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (“ADP”) in September 2014. Mr. Brunz served as Vice President, Counsel for the Digital Marketing business of the Dealer Services division of ADP since Dealer Services’ 2010 acquisition of Cobalt Holding Company. Prior to joining the Dealer Services division of ADP, he served as Vice President, Finance & General Counsel of Cobalt from 2008 to 2010. Mr. Brunz will continue serving as the Company’s Interim CFO in addition to his other duties as General Counsel until Mr. Tautges assumes the CFO role on August 9, 2017.




							Andrew Dean


					
							Dr. Andrew Dean is President, CDK International of the Company. He has served as President, CDK International since July 1, 2016. From the spin-off through June 30, 2016, Dr. Dean served as President, Automotive Retail International. Prior to the spin-off, Dr. Dean served as President for ADP Dealer Services International. Dr. Dean joined the Dealer Services division of ADP in December 2005 following the acquisition of Kerridge Computer Company Limited. Prior to joining the Dealer Services division of ADP, he was a Director of Kerridge, joining in 2002, managing their services business. Since joining the Dealer Services division of ADP in 2005, he has held positions of increasing responsibility, including General Manager of Russia and the Middle East and Vice President of the U.K. and Ireland, until he was promoted to his current role in May 2011.




							Robert Karp


					
							Mr. Robert N. Karp is President - CDK North America of the Company. Mr. Karp has served as President, CDK North America since July 1, 2016. From the spin-off through June 30, 2016, Mr. Karp served as President, Automotive Retail North America. Prior to the spin-off, Mr. Karp served as the Senior Vice President, North America Operations and Sales for Dealer Services division of ADP. Mr. Karp joined ADP Dealer Services in 1994. He has held a variety of roles within ADP Dealer Services, including Senior Vice President, eCommerce, Senior Vice President, North America Operations, Vice President, Strategic Accounts, Vice President, Alliance Segment, and Vice President, Client Relations. Prior to joining ADP Dealer Services, Mr. Karp held various general management and operations roles with IBM and PRC Corporation.




							Amy Byrne


					
							Ms. Amy Byrne serves as Chief Human Resource Officer, Executive Vice President of the Company. Byrne brings nearly 25 years of experience leading large global HR teams across talent, compensation and benefits, diversity, labor relations, and organizational engagement.




							Rajiv Amar


					
							Mr. Rajiv K. Amar is Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer of the Company. He served as Division Vice President for Development since joining CDK in 2014. Prior to joining CDK, Mr. Amar was Senior Director of Research and Development for Sage Software Inc. from 2012 to 2014. He also previously held the role of Director of Product Development and Engineering with Serena Software Inc. from 2008 to 2012.




							Dean Crutchfield


					
							Mr. Dean Crutchfield is Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of the Company., since June 2016. Prior to joining CDK, Mr. Crutchfield served as the Chief Information Officer of Zebra Technologies from 2013 to 2016. He also previously held information technology leadership roles at Dell from 1999 to 2013.




							Scott Mathews


					
							Mr. Scott L. Mathews is Executive Vice President, North America Sales of the Company. He has served as Executive Vice President, North America Sales since July 1, 2016. From the spin-off through June 30, 2016, Mr. Mathews served as President, Digital Marketing. Prior to the spin-off, Mr. Mathews served as the Senior Division Vice President & General Manager for the Digital Marketing business of the Dealer Services division of ADP. Mr. Mathews joined the Dealer Services division of ADP in August 2010 following the acquisition of Cobalt Holding Company. Prior to joining the Dealer Services division of ADP, he served as Executive Vice President & General Manager of Cobalt from 2005 and as Cobalt’s Chief Operating Officer from 2002 to 2005.




							Dan Flynn


					
							Mr. Dan Flynn is Executive Vice President - Business Transformation of the Company., since February 2016. Prior to joining CDK, Mr. Flynn served as the Senior Vice President, North America Rent A Car Operations at Hertz from 2014 through 2016. He previously served as Regional Vice President, Southeast Region and Separation Management Office, for Hertz Equipment Rental Corporation. Mr. Flynn had extensive process and operational management responsibilities at Hertz, and led company-wide, Lean Six Sigma-based process improvement initiatives from 2007 to 2012 in various leadership roles.




							Yvonne Surowiec


					
							Ms. Yvonne M. Surowiec is Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer of the Company. She has served as Chief People Officer since the spin-off. Prior to the spin-off, Ms. Surowiec served as Vice President, Global Talent & Learning for ADP since 2013. Previously, Ms. Surowiec served in roles with ADP as Division Vice President of Human Resources, SBS, TotalSource and Retirement Services from 2009 to 2013 and Division Vice President of Human Resources, NAS and ES International from 2008 to 2009. Prior to joining ADP, Ms. Surowiec held a variety of management positions with AT&T, including District Manager, HR Mergers and Acquisitions.




							Willie Deese


					
							Mr. Willie A. Deese Independent Director of the Company. Mr. Deese has served as an independent director of DENTSPLY International Inc., a leading manufacturer and distributor of dental and other consumable healthcare products, since 2011 and Public Service Enterprise Group, a diversified energy company, since 2015. Mr. Deese served as an Executive Vice President of Merck from 2008 to 2016 and as President of the Merck Manufacturing Division from 2005 to 2016. Mr. Deese also served as Merck’s Senior Vice President of Global Procurement from 2004. Prior to joining Merck, Mr. Deese served as Senior Vice President of Global Procurement and Logistics at GlaxoSmithKline and as Vice President of Purchasing, at Kaiser Permanente. In addition to his experience as a director of a publicly traded company, Mr. Deese brings to the Board substantial experience and expertise in both business transformation and complex international operations and management from his roles at Merck and GlaxoSmithKline.




							Amy Hillman


					
							Ms. Amy J. Hillman is Independent Director of the Company. Since 2013, Ms. Hillman has served as the Dean of the W. P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University, where she has taught as a Professor since 2006 and as an Associate Professor from 2001 to 2006. She holds a PhD in Strategic Management and is a fellow of the Academy of Management. In addition to her management skills gained as the leader of one of the largest U.S. business schools, Ms. Hillman brings to the Board expertise in the areas of business strategy and corporate governance, on which she has taught, consulted with major corporations on, and conducted research.




							Eileen Martinson


					
							Ms. Eileen J. Martinson is Independent Director of the Company. Ms. Martinson has been Chief Executive Officer of Sparta Systems, a leading provider of enterprise-quality management software solutions, since 2011. Prior to joining Sparta Systems, she served as the Chief Operating Officer at Allscripts. Before Allscripts, she served as Executive Vice President of global sales, services, and support at Misys and served in various management positions at Oracle, SAP, Siebel Systems, Gartner, Ariba and Accenture. She has served as a director at AdvancedMD since March 2016 and Chair of the Board of Trustees at Philadelphia University since 2013. As a result of her current executive position at Sparta Systems, as well as her former positions as a senior executive at other technology and consulting organizations, Ms. Martinson provides the Board with extensive and relevant executive leadership, software, sales and service and technology industry experience.




							Stephen Miles


					
							Mr. Stephen A. Miles is Independent Director of the Company. Since 2012, Mr. Miles has served as the founder and Chief Executive Officer of The Miles Group, a provider of global CEO and board consulting and advisory services (focused on the topics of succession, board and organizational effectiveness, and talent management). Previously, Mr. Miles served as Vice Chairman, Leadership Advisory at Heidrick & Struggles, a global executive search and executive leadership consulting firm from 2010 to 2012 and as Managing Partner and Head, Leadership Advisory for Heidrick & Struggles from 2005 to 2010, where he was responsible for managing its global Leadership Advisory Services business. Mr. Miles specializes in CEO succession and brings to the Board substantial expertise in leadership selection, succession planning and organizational effectiveness from his roles at Heidrick & Struggles and The Miles Group.




							Robert Radway


					
							Mr. Robert E. Radway is Independent Director of the Company. Since 2010, Mr. Radway has served as Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NXT Capital, a privately held commercial finance company with approximately $6.5 billion in owned and managed assets. From 2001 to 2008, Mr. Radway served as Managing Director and President of Merrill Lynch Capital, the commercial finance unit of Merrill Lynch Bank USA that, prior to its sale in 2008, had owned and managed assets in excess of $30 billion and approximately 550 employees. Prior to his service with Merrill Lynch Capital, Mr. Radway held senior positions with Heller Financial, Inc., including Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development responsible for the company’s strategic planning, business development, and M&A worldwide. Mr. Radway’s roles as the chief executive of NXT Capital and as president of Merrill Lynch Capital have provided him with extensive executive management, operational, and business strategy experience. He brings to the board the ability to analyze and oversee financial reporting and performance, as well as expertise in capital markets and financing initiatives, corporate strategy, and human resource development and retention.




							Stephen Schuckenbrock


					
							Mr. Stephen F. Schuckenbrock is Independent Director of the Company. Mr. Schuckenbrock is the Chief Executive Officer of CROSSMARK Inc., a leading provider of sales, marketing and merchandising services for manufacturers and retailers. Prior to joining CROSSMARK in December of 2014, he was the CEO of Accretive Health, and prior to that held numerous leadership positions at Dell. His career also includes management positions at EDS, IBM, PepsiCo and Frito Lay. He is currently a director at Micro Focus International and has served on a number of boards, including Compuware, Staples, and AT Kearney. Mr. Schuckenbrock also serves on the advisory boards of Texas Christian University and Enactus, an international non-profit that enables entrepreneurial skills to students. As a result of his current executive position at CROSSMARK Inc., as well as his former positions as a senior executive at other technology organizations and his significant board experience, Mr. Schuckenbrock provides the Board with extensive and relevant board, executive leadership, sales and marketing, and technology industry experience.




							Frank Sowinski


					
							Mr. Frank S. Sowinski is Independent Director of the Company. Mr. Sowinski serves as the lead independent director and chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee of Buckeye GP LLC, general partner of Buckeye Partners, L.P., a publicly-traded master limited partnership that provides mid-stream energy logistics services. Since 2006, Mr. Sowinski has served as an operating executive for MidOcean Partners, a private equity firm that identifies, invests in, and manages portfolio companies focusing on business, information, and marketing services. In his capacity as an operating executive for MidOcean Partners, Mr. Sowinski previously served as Vice Chairman of The Allant Group, Inc. a marketing services group, and also previously served as Vice Chairman of Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc. dba LegalShield, a specialized legal service products company. In 2002, he served as Chief Financial Officer of PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting, a global consulting firm. Previously, Mr. Sowinski spent 17 years with the Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, where he served in numerous positions including Chief Financial Officer of the Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, as well as Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and President of the D&B Operating Company. Mr. Sowinski’s numerous operating roles have provided him with broad managerial and operational expertise and a proven track record of achievement and business judgment. In addition, his extensive experience in financial management, including his roles as Chief Financial Officer of the Dun & Bradstreet Corporation and PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting, provide him with expertise in enterprise risk management, corporate financial management, and financial reporting.




							Robert Tarkoff


					
							Mr. Robert M. Tarkoff is Independent Director of the Company. Mr. Tarkoff has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Lithium Technologies, a San Francisco-based computer software as a service (SaaS) platform leader in social customer solutions, since 2011. He was previously Senior Vice President and General Manager of Digital Enterprise Solutions at Adobe Systems, Inc., and prior to that served as Senior Vice President of Strategy, Ventures, and Mergers & Acquisitions. Prior to Adobe, he worked for EMC Corporation, serving as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Input Management Software business, the Senior Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions for EMC Software, and as the head of EMC's software outsourcing business. Prior to the acquisition of Documentum, Inc. by EMC, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of Documentum, where he was responsible for all strategic merger and acquisition activity, partner initiatives, indirect channel revenue, and product management. Before joining Documentum, Mr. Tarkoff was Executive Vice President at Commerce One, a business-to-business marketplace software solutions company. Prior to Commerce One, Mr. Tarkoff served as a securities associate at Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich & Rosati. Mr. Tarkoff previously served on the boards of three publicly traded software companies; Onyx Software Corporation, Borland Software, and Advent Software. As a result of his current executive position at Lithium Technologies, as well as his former positions as a senior executive at other technology organizations, Mr. Tarkoff provides the Board with extensive and relevant executive leadership, worldwide operations and technology industry experience.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Leslie Brun

644,909




							Brian MacDonald

6,689,360




							Lee Brunz

1,531,330




							Andrew Dean

--




							Robert Karp

1,712,420




							Amy Byrne

--




							Rajiv Amar

--




							Dean Crutchfield

--




							Scott Mathews

--




							Dan Flynn

--




							Yvonne Surowiec

--




							Willie Deese

459,938




							Amy Hillman

454,897




							Eileen Martinson

--




							Stephen Miles

394,929




							Robert Radway

394,929




							Stephen Schuckenbrock

--




							Frank Sowinski

459,938




							Robert Tarkoff

15,822



As Of 
29 Jun 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Leslie Brun

0
0




							Brian MacDonald

0
0




							Lee Brunz

0
0




							Andrew Dean

0
0




							Robert Karp

27,573
1,112,770




							Amy Byrne

0
0




							Rajiv Amar

0
0




							Dean Crutchfield

0
0




							Scott Mathews

0
0




							Dan Flynn

0
0




							Yvonne Surowiec

0
0




							Willie Deese

0
0




							Amy Hillman

0
0




							Eileen Martinson

0
0




							Stephen Miles

0
0




							Robert Radway

0
0




							Stephen Schuckenbrock

0
0




							Frank Sowinski

0
0




							Robert Tarkoff

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Crutchfield (Dean W)
637
$61.34


Macdonald (Brian P)
5,000
$60.47


Amar (Rajiv K)
1,978
$63.19


Miles (Stephen A)
15,384
$39.67


Miles (Stephen A)
9,197
$66.47


Karp (Robert N)
22,059
$21.72


Nietzel Alfred A
19,301
$20.24


Nietzel Alfred A
33,389
$66.44


Karp (Robert N)
9,650
$17.96


Nietzel Alfred A
6,893
$14.76


Nietzel Alfred A
5,514
$14.61


Karp (Robert N)
46,185
$66.47


Nietzel Alfred A
9,650
$17.96


Karp (Robert N)
14,476
$20.24


Macdonald (Brian P)
10,543
$58.81


Thorne (Malcolm W)
2,246
$57.80


Deese (Willie A)
2,587
$0.00


Hillman (Amy J)
2,587
$0.00


Schuckenbrock (Stephen Francis)
892
$0.00


Miles (Stephen A)
2,587
$0.00


Martinson (Eileen J.)
356
$0.00


Brun (Leslie A)
2,587
$0.00


Brun (Leslie A)
1,338
$0.00


Sowinski (Frank S)
2,587
$0.00


Schuckenbrock (Stephen Francis)
2,587
$0.00




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySoftware




















