 



Russell Reynolds Associates Names Emily K. Rafferty to Help Counsel Boards of Nonprofit Organizations | Business Wire
























































      Russell Reynolds Associates Names Emily K. Rafferty to Help Counsel 
      Boards of Nonprofit Organizations
    





October 26, 2015 03:58 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Board performance has become a critical area of focus for nonprofit 
      organizations. To help clients create more dynamic and effective boards, 
      Russell Reynolds Associates today announced the appointment of Emily K. 
      Rafferty, President Emerita of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, as Senior 
      Director in the firm’s Nonprofit and Board Effectiveness Practices.
    


      Rafferty joins a global team of experts with deep experience working 
      with a diverse array of nonprofit organizations world-wide. The firm’s 
      Board Effectiveness Practice provides consulting services to Boards on 
      improving areas such as board culture, director effectiveness and 
      engagement, board and committee processes and structure, and aligning 
      board composition to the organization’s vision and mission.
    

      “Nonprofit boards face a unique set of challenges and are increasingly 
      under pressure to not only play an important role in raising funds, but 
      also provide intense governance oversight demanded by funders. As a 
      result, we are focused on helping clients achieve impact in many areas 
      of responsibilities with unprecedented rigor,” said Clarke Murphy, CEO 
      of Russell Reynolds Associates. “Emily brings a wealth of knowledge, 
      expertise and experience in the nonprofit sector, which will enhance our 
      ability to support clients in meeting their specific objectives through 
      a robust leadership and board dynamic.”
    

      The first woman to be elected in this position, Rafferty served with The 
      Metropolitan Museum of Art, the nation’s largest art museum, for nearly 
      40 years. She was elected president by the Metropolitan’s Board of 
      Trustees in 2005 after a long career at the institution, where she rose 
      through the ranks in the areas of development and external affairs.
    

      Rafferty serves as well as Chairwoman of NYC & Company, the City’s 
      official tourism and marketing agency. She is also a member of the Board 
      of Directors of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. In 
      addition, Rafferty was named to the Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
      New York in 2011 and became Chairman in 2012. She has recently been 
      named Special Adviser to UNESCO for Heritage Protection and Conservation.
    

      A New York City native, Rafferty earned her B.A. degree cum laude from 
      Boston University and recently received its College of Arts & Sciences 
      Distinguished Alumni Award, the highest honor bestowed upon alumni to 
      recognize extraordinary accomplishments in their professions or 
      communities. A recipient of many awards and honors, she received the 
      honorary degree of Doctor of Humane Letters from Pace University in 
      2014. Other honorary degrees have included an award by Fairfield 
      University, Doctor of Laws in 2010, and The College of New Rochelle, 
      Doctor of Humane Letters in 2008. In 2012 she received the New York 
      University Lewis Rudin Award for Exemplary Service to New York City. 
      From 2009 through 2013 she has been named one of New York City’s 100 
      most influential women by Crain’s New York Business, which 
      recently inducted her into its Hall of Fame.
    

      For more information or to arrange an interview, please contact: Vijaya.Singh@russellreynolds.com 
      or sohwon.cha@russellreynolds.com.
    

      About Russell Reynolds Associates:
    

      Russell Reynolds Associates is a global leader in assessment, 
      recruitment and succession planning for boards of directors, chief 
      executive officers and key roles within the C-suite. With more than 370 
      consultants in 46 offices around the world, we work closely with public, 
      private and nonprofit organizations across all industries and regions. 
      We help our clients build teams of transformational leaders who can meet 
      today’s challenges and anticipate the digital, economic, environmental 
      and political trends that are reshaping the global business environment.
    


Contacts

      Russell Reynolds AssociatesVijaya Singh, 212-351-1987Vijaya.Singh@russellreynolds.comorSohwon 
      Chasohwon.cha@russellreynolds.com.
    

















Contacts

      Russell Reynolds AssociatesVijaya Singh, 212-351-1987Vijaya.Singh@russellreynolds.comorSohwon 
      Chasohwon.cha@russellreynolds.com.
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















Emily  Rafferty's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
R
Rafferty

Emily  Rafferty




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 514590050Emily  Rafferty406 CatherineLansing, MI 48917(517) 886-0322Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590051Emily  Rafferty20 77thNew York, NY 10024(212) 877-9430Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590052Emily  Rafferty125 MainNewmarket, NH 03857(603) 292-6486Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590053Emily  Rafferty139 MechanicFoxboro, MA 02035(774) 215-5046Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590054Emily O Rafferty125 MainNewmarket, NH 03857Age 52 (Born 1965)(603) 292-6486Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590055Emily O Rafferty628 BelmontManchester, NH 03104Age 52 (Born 1965)(603) 645-6131Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590056Emily O Rafferty13 BankSiasconset, MA 02564Age 52 (Born 1965)(508) 257-4745Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590057Emily K Rafferty235 Brickett HillHaverhill, MA 01830Age 49 (Born Nov 1968)(978) 469-7984Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590058Emily K Rafferty15521 MariettaWestfield, IN 46074(317) 569-5194Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590059Emily K Rafferty15521 MariettaCarmel, IN 46032(317) 569-5194Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590060Emily K Rafferty280 HyattHaverhill, MA 01835Age 49 (Born Nov 1968)(978) 373-6723Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590061Emily K Rafferty20 77thNew York, NY 10024Age 68 (Born Mar 1949)(212) 877-9430Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590062Emily P Rafferty20 77thNew York, NY 10024Age 68 (Born Mar 1949)(845) 439-5669Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590063Emily C Rafferty613 CraftKalamazoo, MI 49048Age 42 (Born Aug 1975)(616) 345-8067Background Check - Available
Record ID: 514590064Emily A Rafferty1914 SunnysideLansing, MI 48910Age 42 (Born Aug 1975)(517) 345-8067Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







NYC & Company - Wikipedia





















 






NYC & Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (May 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


NYC & Company is New York City’s official marketing, tourism and partnership organization. The not-for-profit quasi-agency's mission is to maximize opportunities for travel and tourism in New York City, build economic prosperity and spread the dynamic image of New York City around the world. It has launched interactive initiatives including nycgo.com and the Official NYC Information Center at 810 Seventh Avenue.
Leadership[edit]

Emily K. Rafferty, President of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Chairperson of the Board of Directors of NYC & Company
Fred Dixon, President and CEO of NYC & Company
Kevin Booth, Chief Financial Officer
Kelly Curtin, Executive Vice President, Membership & Destination Services
Bryan Grimaldi, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel

External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=NYC_%26_Company&oldid=741322141"					
Categories: Companies based in New York CityTourism agenciesTourism in New York CityHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from May 2012All articles lacking reliable references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 26 September 2016, at 19:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Emily K Rafferty - Westfield, IN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Emily K Rafferty in Westfield, IN


Emily K Rafferty

                                                                                       Intelius found that Emily K Rafferty  is  a female between 90 and 100 years old from Westfield, IN.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Emily K Rafferty is in her 90s

Emily Has Lived In

Westfield, IN
Carmel, IN
Winter Haven, FL

Emily's Relatives

Alan Rafferty
Anne Rafferty
S Rafferty
Harold Rafferty







Emily K Rafferty



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Emily? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Emily, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Emily K Rafferty
Get a Criminal Check on Emily K Rafferty
Get a Public Record Report on Emily K Rafferty
Get a People Search Report on Emily K Rafferty


Emily K Rafferty's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Emily K Rafferty has lived as well as Emily K Rafferty's phone numbers and email addresses.




Emily K Rafferty Has Lived in 2 States
Indiana Address for Emily K Rafferty


15521 M******* C** 

Westfield, IN


Has Lived In

Westfield, IN
Carmel, IN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Emily K Rafferty

() ***-**** - Westfield, IN 
(317) ***-**** - Westfield, IN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Emily K Rafferty



Get Email Report




Emily K Rafferty's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Emily K Rafferty


Emily K Rafferty's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Emily K Rafferty's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Emily Rafferty
Username Matches

                  EmilyRafferty
                  RaffertyEmily
                  Emily.Rafferty
                  Rafferty.Emily
                  Emily_Rafferty
                  Rafferty_Emily
                  Emily-Rafferty
                  Rafferty-Emily
                  ERafferty
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Rafferty







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 




President of the Metropolitan Museum of Art to Step Down - The New York Times































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Art & Design|President of the Metropolitan Museum of Art to Step Down







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/1uEI0gh








Advertisement








Supported by



Art & Design

President of the Metropolitan Museum of Art to Step Down

By ROBIN POGREBINJULY 29, 2014



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Emily K. Rafferty

Credit
            Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images        



Emily K. Rafferty, the first woman to be named president of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, announced on Tuesday that she was stepping down after 10 years in that role and nearly four decades at the institution, which she is credited with financially shepherding through a period of sustained growth.Ms. Rafferty, 65, will retire next spring, giving the Met time to form a search committee and find a replacement.“I am convinced it’s the right time,” she said in an interview. “The Met is on the brink of a lot of changes, so that’s a good time for a breath of fresh air.”As the museum’s chief administrative officer, Ms. Rafferty oversees some 1,500 full- and part-time employees in areas like finance, legal affairs, development and government relations and serves as an ex officio member of the museum’s board. She is known for her skill in dealing with the trustees and other philanthropists, whose donations have stoked the Met’s growth in areas like boosting its attendance to 6.2 million visitors a year, from 4.8 million in 2008. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Recently, for example, the museum decided to take over the Whitney Museum of American Art’s Marcel Breuer building as additional exhibition space, expand to a seven-day-a-week schedule and map out a reconstruction of the Met’s wing for Modern and contemporary art, considered one of the weaker areas of its collection.“There’s no hidden agenda here — nothing anybody should be looking for,” she added. “It is completely my decision.”Ms. Rafferty said she fully supported, and has been deeply involved in, the Met’s new master plan, drafted after an extensive study of the museum’s physical plant completed last fall by Beyer Blinder Belle. As part of the Met’s first comprehensive re-examination of its layout in 40 years, the museum is planning to rebuild the Lila Acheson Wallace Wing, which holds its collection of Modern and contemporary art.The work is not expected to be completed until 2020, another factor that Ms. Rafferty said contributed to her decision.“Somebody should be in this job who’s going to see it all the way there,” she said. “I will not be here for the next 10 years.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Ms. Rafferty said she was contemplating working in the public sector but had not begun a job search. “This is all having to do with me and the Met, and the next steps will come when they come,” she said.Thomas P. Campbell, the Met’s director and chief executive officer, said in an interview: “Emily has been my closest partner since I became director. We’ve worked together very closely and very successfully over the last five and a half years.”Still, as is often the case with high-profile personnel changes, speculation immediately arose in the art world that Ms. Rafferty and Mr. Campbell might have had an uneasy relationship.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




But while acknowledging that rumors were inevitable, Ms. Rafferty and Mr. Campbell both said their relationship had been fully collegial. “She combines leadership and friendship at the highest level,” Mr. Campbell said. “Any success that I have enjoyed in leading this museum would simply not have been possible without her at my side.”Ms. Rafferty said she and Mr. Campbell had “partnered well” during the leadership transition that followed the departure of Philippe de Montebello, who led the Met for 31 years before resigning at the end of 2008. “I have enjoyed every minute working with him,” she said.Mr. Campbell said he appreciated Ms. Rafferty’s decision to leave “before we get embroiled in all these new projects.”“In a sense, this is Emily perhaps at her best,” he said, “thinking about the institution, thinking about the future.”Ms. Rafferty is widely described as a steadying force in the often tumultuous New York arts world, in which high-powered institutions vie for public and private dollars. Tom Finkelpearl, who recently became the city’s cultural affairs commissioner, said that the first phone call he fielded after assuming his post was from Ms. Rafferty. “She’s got this incredibly calm nature,” he said.Mr. de Montebello described Ms. Rafferty as “an invaluable partner” who “was really devoted to the Met.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

After arriving in 1976 as an administrator in the development department, Ms. Rafferty rose to the post of vice president in charge of development and membership and later became senior vice president for external affairs.Ms. Rafferty has also served since 2008 as the chairwoman of NYC & Company, the city’s tourism and marketing agency, and is on the board of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. In 2011 she was named to the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and she became its chairwoman in 2012.While she is retiring from the Met, Ms. Rafferty said, there is no Florida golf course in her immediate future. Precisely what comes next remains to be seen, however.“You will see me out there,” she said. “I just don’t know quite where that will be.”

 Correction: July 31, 2014  
An article on Wednesday about an announcement by Emily K. Rafferty, president of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, that she will retire next spring misstated the day of the announcement and of the ensuing speculation in the art world about her working relationship with Thomas P. Campbell, the Met’s director and chief executive. They occurred Tuesday, not Wednesday. 


Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























Emily K. Rafferty: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:43 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of PJT Partners Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Emily K. Rafferty  Director, PJT Partners Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships70$125,000
Background

		Ms. Emily K. Rafferty serves as the President of Metropolitan Museum of Art. Ms. Rafferty serves as the Chief Administrative Officer of Metropolitan, where she is responsible for supervising more than 2,500 museum employees in the areas of finance, technology and information services, legal affairs, development, membership, communications, construction and facilities management, merchandising, government relations, human resources and security. She serves as an Ex Officio ... Member at the Museum’s Board. She has been on the staff of the Metropolitan Museum since 1976. She began her career at the Met as an administrator for Corporate, Foundation and Individual Fundraising and then served as manager of Development from 1981 to 1984. From 1984 to 1996, She served as vice president for Development and Membership. She served as Senior Vice President of Development and Membership in 1996 and then to senior vice president for External Affairs in 1999. In this position, she was responsible for the strategic planning for and implementation of all of the institution’s fundraising activities, along with special events, admissions and visitor services. She also led the effort to create the Metropolitan’s website and to create and implement its multicultural audience and membership initiative. She began her professional career in 1971 as an assistant to David Rockefeller, Jr., in Boston. From 1973 to 1975 she served as Deputy Director of education at Boston's Institute of Contemporary Art. She served as the Chairman of the Board at The Federal Reserve Bank of New York from January 1, 2013 to January 16, 2017 and has been its Director since 2011. She serves as the Chairperson of NYC & Company, Inc. She has been a Director of PJT Partners Inc. since October 1, 2015. She serves as a Director of National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center Foundation, Inc. Ms. Rafferty received her bachelor's degree from Boston University. She holds Honorary Doctorate in law from Fairfield University and Doctorate from College Of New Rochelle, The (Inc).Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
280 Park AvenueNew York, New York 10017United StatesPhone: 212-364-7800Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
ChairpersonNYC & Company, Inc.DirectorThe National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center Foundation, Inc.2011-PresentDirectorThe Federal Reserve Bank of New York2015-PresentDirectorPJT Partners Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree Boston UniversityHonorary Doctorate Fairfield UniversityDoctorate College Of New Rochelle, The (Inc)
Other Affiliations
The Federal Reserve Bank of New YorkBoston UniversityNYC & Company, Inc.Fairfield UniversityCollege Of New Rochelle, The (Inc)The National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center Foundation, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$125,000Total Calculated Compensation$125,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationScott L. Beiser Chief Executive Officer, Senior Managing Director and Member of Board of DirectorsHoulihan Lokey, Inc.$2.1MScott L. Bok J.D.CEO & Executive DirectorGreenhill & Co., Inc.$600.0KRalph Lewis Schlosstein CEO, President & DirectorEvercore Partners Inc.$3.5MPeter Anthony Cohen Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive OfficerCowen Inc.$1.5MKenneth D. Moelis Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerMoelis & Company$3.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PJT Partners Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Emily K. Rafferty










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











Emily K. RaffertyAKA Emily Kernan RaffertyBorn: c. 1949Birthplace: New York CityGender: FemaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteSexual orientation: StraightOccupation: AdministratorParty Affiliation: DemocraticNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: President, Metropolitan Museum of ArtAssistant to David Rockefeller, Jr., 1971-72.Husband: John Rafferty (Partner, Ernst & Young, one son, one daughter)    University: BA, Boston University (1971)    Administrator: Trustee, Convent of the Sacred Heart (1985-2000, as Chairman 1993-97)    Metropolitan Museum of Art President (2005-)    Metropolitan Museum of Art Senior VP External Affairs (1999-2004)    Metropolitan Museum of Art Senior VP Development & Membership (1996-99)    Metropolitan Museum of Art VP Development & Membership (1984-96)    Metropolitan Museum of Art Manager of Development (1981-84)    Metropolitan Museum of Art Administrator for Corporate, Foundation & Individual Fundraising (1976-81)    Institute of Contemporary Art Boston Deputy Director, Education (1973-75)
    Boston Symphony Orchestra Program Coordinator (past)    American Association of Museums Development Committee (ten years)    ArtTable Board of Directors (1991-94)
    Association of Fundraising Professionals 
    Gilbert and Sullivan Repertory Theater President, Blue Hill Troupe (1998-99)
    Hillary Clinton for President     Independent School Chairmen Association Board VP (1995-)
    John Kerry for President     Kerry Victory 2004     Obama for America     Women in Financial Development 
    World Trade Center Memorial Foundation Board of Directors




New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


Emily K. Rafferty


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERBill and Melinda Gates FoundationEmily K. RaffertyRequires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsBoston, MAHelix Fossil
























Emily K. Rafferty - Board of Directors - Federal Reserve Bank of New 

York - FEDERAL RESERVE BANK of NEW YORK










Museum & Gold Tour
Data & Statistics
Careers
Blog
Press Center
















About theNew York Fed







Working within the Federal Reserve System, the New York Fed implements monetary policy, supervises and regulates financial institutions and helps maintain the nation's payment systems.



Do you have a Freedom of Information request? Learn how to submit it.



See the world's largest accumulation of gold as you learn about the New York Fed and Federal Reserve System on a free tour.



The latest Annual Report chronicles the impact of Federal Reserve policies and includes data on the New York Fed's operations.






Markets & Policy Implementation




Markets & Policy Implementation


Domestic Market Operations

Temporary
Permanent

Treasury
Agency MBS


Securities Lending

Program Terms and Conditions
Securities Lending Operations
Announcements
Securities Lending FAQs


Federal Funds Data
Overnight Bank Funding Rate
System Open Market Account Holdings
Annual Reports
Statements and Operating Policies
Open Market Operations Transaction Data
Discount Window

Collateral Pledging


Maiden Lane Transactions








 
Foreign Market Operations

Foreign Exchange

Quarterly Reports


Foreign Reserves Management
Central Bank Liquidity Swaps

Swap Operations


 
Counterparties

Policy on Counterparties

Primary Dealers

Reverse Repo Counterparties

Foreign Exchange Counterparties

Foreign Reserves Management Counterparties









 
Programs Archive

Actions Related to AIG
Agency Discount Note Purchases
Commercial Paper Funding Facility
Large-Scale Asset Purchases
Money Market Investor Funding Facility
Mortgage Operations Counterparty Pilot Program
Primary Dealer Credit Facility
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility
Term Securities Lending Facility
Treasury Operations Counterparty Pilot Program










EconomicResearch







Our economists engage in scholarly research and policy-oriented analysis on a wide range of important issues.




The Center for Microeconomic Data offers analysis and data exploring individual-level financial and nonfinancial economic conditions, expectations, and behavior in the United States.





Our model produces a “nowcast” of GDP growth, incorporating a wide range of macroeconomic data as it becomes available.






U.S. Economy in a Snapshot is a monthly presentation designed to give you a quick and accessible look at developments in the economy. 








Financial Institution Supervision







As part of our core mission, we supervise and regulate financial institutions in the Second District. Our primary objective is to maintain a safe and competitive U.S. and global banking system. 




The Governance & Culture Reform hub is designed to foster discussion about corporate governance and the reform of culture and behavior in the financial services industry.





Need to file a report with the New York Fed? Here are all of the forms, instructions and other information related to regulatory and statistical reporting in one spot.





The New York Fed works to protect consumers as well as provides information and resources on how to avoid and report specific scams.







Financial Services & Infrastructure







The Federal Reserve Bank of New York works to promote sound and well-functioning financial systems and markets through its provision of industry and payment services, advancement of infrastructure reform in key markets and training and educational support to international institutions.



The New York Fed provides a wide range of payment services for financial institutions and the U.S. government.



The New York Fed offers several specialized courses designed for central bankers and financial supervisors.



The New York Fed has been working with tri-party repo market participants to make changes to improve the resiliency of the market to financial stress.






Outreach& Education







The New York Fed engages with individuals, households and businesses in the Second District and maintains an active dialogue in the region. The Bank gathers and shares regional economic intelligence to inform our community and policy makers, and promotes sound financial and economic decisions through community development and education programs.



The Governance & Culture Reform hub is designed to foster discussion about corporate governance and the reform of culture and behavior in the financial services industry.



The College Fed Challenge is a team competition for undergraduates inspired by the working of the Federal Open Market Committee.



The Community Credit interactive highlights credit conditions, including measures of credit inclusion and stress, at the national, state and county levels.



























            Emily K. Rafferty
        





Emily Kernan Rafferty is  president emerita of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, the nation’s largest and  most comprehensive art museum.  She was  elected president by the Metropolitan’s Board of Trustees in 2005 after a  twenty-nine year-long career at the institution, where she rose through the  ranks in the areas of development and external affairs.  As the Metropolitan’s chief administrative  officer, she oversaw some 1,500 full and part-time museum employees in the  areas of finance, technology, legal affairs, development, membership,  communications, construction and facilities management, merchandising, human  resources, security, and government relations at the federal, state, and city  levels.  
Ms. Rafferty has served on the  staff of The Metropolitan Museum since 1976. She began her career at the Met as  an administrator for Corporate, Foundation and Individual Fundraising, and then  served as manager of Development from 1981 through 1984. From 1984 through 1996  she was vice president for Development and Membership. She was promoted to  senior vice president for Development and Membership in 1996, and then to  senior vice president for External Affairs in 1999. 
Ms. Rafferty has also served  since 2008 as chairwoman of NYC & Company, the City’s official tourism and  marketing agency. In addition, Ms. Rafferty is a member of the board of  directors of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. In 2011, she was  named to the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. She became chairman  of the New York Fed in December, 2012. 
Ms. Rafferty began her  professional career in 1971 as an assistant to David Rockefeller Jr. in Boston, focusing on his  interests in the arts, education and philanthropy. From 1973 through 1975 she  was deputy director of education at Boston's Institute of Contemporary Art. 
          Born and raised in New York City, Ms. Rafferty earned her bachelor of arts  degree cum laude from Boston University. In 2015, she received its College of  Arts & Sciences Distinguished Alumni Award, the highest honor bestowed upon  alumni to recognize extraordinary accomplishments in their professions or  communities.
  Ms. Rafferty is a frequent  speaker on non-profit management and fundraising, and has long been actively  affiliated with a number of arts and inter-museum organizations. Ms. Rafferty  has been a member since 1990 of ArtTable (board of directors 1991-1994); a  member of both the Association of Fundraising Professionals and Women in Financial  Development; and for ten years served on the development committee of the  American Association of Museums; the Steering  Committee of the Association for a Better New York; The Women’s Forum; and  Media NYC 2020.
The recipient of many awards and  honors, Ms. Rafferty received the honorary degree of Doctor of Humane Letters  from Pace University in 2014. Other honorary degrees have been awarded by  Fairfield University, Doctor of Laws in 2010, and The College of New Rochelle,  Doctor of Humane Letters in 2008. In 2012 she received the New York University  Lewis Rudin Award for Exemplary Service to New York City.  From 2009 through 2013 she has been named one  of New York City’s 100 most influential women by Crain’s New York Business.  She was the 2007 honoree of ArtTable, a group of leading women in cultural  affairs, and has earned both a special service award for the Museum from the  New York Landmarks Conservancy, and a community and public service  “Emmy” Award from the National Academy for Television Arts and Sciences  (NATAS).    

  Among her many voluntary  activities, she is a lifetime honorary trustee of the Convent of the Sacred Heart  School in New York, having served on the board for  fifteen years beginning in 1985, and as its chairman from 1993 through 1997. She  was also president of the Blue Hill Troupe, Gilbert and Sullivan Repertory  Theater from 1998 to 1999, a group with which she has been affiliated since  1977. She has served for more than ten years as board  vice president of the Independent School Chairmen Association.   
  Emily Rafferty is married to John Rafferty, a retired  audit partner at Ernst & Young. The couple live in Manhattan and have a  grown son and daughter, and two grandchildren.


	June 2015





















International Services, Seminars & Training
Services for Financial Institutions
Governance & Culture Reform




Data Visualization
Economic ResearchTracker
XML Data
Site Map




For Employees Only
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy






































      Emily Rafferty's Not-So-Still Life at the Metropolitan Museum of Art - WSJ
    












































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      ‘Skinny’ Repeal of Obamacare Fails in Senate
                    











                      U.S. GDP Advanced 2.6% in Second Quarter
                    











                      Senators Move to Block Trump From Ousting Sessions
                    











                      Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers
                    











                      Russia to Kick Out Some U.S. Diplomats Over Sanctions
                    











                      Pakistan Prime Minister Removed From Office Over Panama Papers
                    











                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                        Tax Report
                      

                      Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many
                    











                      An American Scourge, Fentanyl, Is Now Stinging Law Enforcement
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Cheap Eggs Flood U.S. Grocery Stores
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                        The A-hed
                      

                      Spain Has a Debt Problem and So Now It Has a Zorro Problem
                    









 






BREAKING NEWS



U.S. economic growth accelerated to 2.6% rate in second quarter on solid spending by consumers, businesses



Facebook


Twitter
                      







 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                  Urban Gardner
              




Emily Rafferty's Not-So-Still Life at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Leaving the Met After Almost Four Decades

 






By

Ralph Gardner Jr.


Ralph Gardner Jr.
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyRalph Gardner Jr.
@ralphgardnerjr
Ralph.Gardner@wsj.com




  Aug. 6, 2014 10:19 p.m. ET





Before Monday afternoon, I'd never met Emily Rafferty, the president of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. But I had observed her for several hours in 2009 as a witness in the trial of Anthony Marshall, the son of the philanthropist Brooke Astor; I was covering the trial for the Daily Beast. Ms. Rafferty took the stand to testify against Mr....
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 






















Emily K. Rafferty - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Emily K. Rafferty
Board Member at PJT Partners Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Emily K. Rafferty? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Emily K. Rafferty's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Emily K. Rafferty's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Emily K. Rafferty's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Emily K. Rafferty through your network of contacts.
												








Emily K. Rafferty's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
PJT Partners Inc.


Past
To view Emily K. Rafferty's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
68

 
 


Emily K. Rafferty's Biography



Emily K. Rafferty is President Emerita of The Metropolitan Museum of Art. She was elected President of the Museum in 2005 and served in that role until her retirement in March 2015. She had been a member of the Museum's staff since 1976 serving in various roles in development, membership and external affairs until becoming President and Chief Administrative Officer in 2005, overseeing some 2,300 full- and part-time employees in the areas of finance, legal affairs, development, membership, visitor management, merchandising, human resources, security and government affairs. Ms. Rafferty had been Chairman of the Board and a member of the Audit a ...
(Read More)

			Emily K. Rafferty is President Emerita of The Metropolitan Museum of Art. She was elected President of the Museum in 2005 and served in that role until her retirement in March 2015. She had been a member of the Museum's staff since 1976 serving in various roles in development, membership and external affairs until becoming President and Chief Administrative Officer in 2005, overseeing some 2,300 full- and part-time employees in the areas of finance, legal affairs, development, membership, visitor management, merchandising, human resources, security and government affairs. Ms. Rafferty had been Chairman of the Board and a member of the Audit and Risk Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York since December 2012, having joined the board in 2011. Ms. Rafferty completed her term as Chairman of the Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in December 2016, but continues to serve on its Board and Audit and Risk Committee. Ms. Rafferty serves as a consultant to Russell Reynolds in their non-profit recruitment practice. Ms. Rafferty received a B.A. from Boston University and in 2015 was awarded the University's College of Arts & Sciences Distinguished Alumni Award.
		
Source: PJT Partners Inc. on 03/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Emily K. Rafferty's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Emily K. Rafferty. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Emily K. Rafferty's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Emily K. Rafferty's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Emily K. Rafferty through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Emily K. Rafferty


















Emily K. Rafferty's Connections (85)





Sign up now to view Emily K. Rafferty's 85 connections »









Charlotte C. Weber
Former Board Member, Campbell Soup Company









James W. Cuminale
General Counsel, PJT Partners Inc.









Daniel R. Tishman
Vice Chairman Chairman, Construction Services and Board Member, AECOM









Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express









Samuel A. Di Piazza
Board Member, ProAssurance Corporation









Judith Rodin
Board Member, Laureate Education









Lulu C. Wang
Board Member, MetLife, Inc.









Anne M. Tatlock
Former Board Member, Franklin Resources, Inc.









Robert A. Iger
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, The Walt Disney Company









E. John Rosenwald
Former Board Member, Hasbro, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













