    Anik Banerjea | Ripple Fragrances Pvt. Ltd | ZoomInfo.com    Rahoul Banerjea | Plastic2Oil, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

	
        Compensation Information for Rahoul S. Banerjea , Chief Financial Officer of PLASTIC2OIL INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Rahoul S. Banerjea 
Executive Compensation
As Chief Financial Officer at PLASTIC2OIL INC, Rahoul S. Banerjea  made $118,558 in total compensation.  Of this total $118,558 was received as a salary, $0 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $0 was awarded as stock and $0 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2015 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Rahoul S. Banerjea ,  Chief Financial Officer at PLASTIC2OIL INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. PLASTIC2OIL INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. PLASTIC2OIL INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Richard W. Heddle 









Rahoul S. Banerjea 


Base Pay$118,558
Bonus + Incentive Comp$0
Total Cash Compensation$118,558


Stock Award Value$0
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$0



Total Other$0



Total Compensation$118,558




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Rahoul S  Banerjea - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Rahoul S  Banerjea
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Rahoul S  Banerjea. Find out Rahoul S  Banerjea address and contact details. View other people related to Rahoul S  Banerjea - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

20 IROQUOIS STREET  NIAGARA FALLS 14303 NY




Companies related to Rahoul S  Banerjea
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001381105Plastic2Oil, Inc.20 IROQUOIS ST  NIAGARA FALLS 14303




Rahoul S  Banerjea on the Web
Persons related to Rahoul S  Banerjea - Plastic2Oil, Inc.NamePositionCityRobin  BagaiDirector PORTLANDRobin  BagaiDirector PORTLANDRobin  BagaiDirector PORTLANDRahoul S  BanerjeaNIAGARA FALLSMurray E  BleachKILLARAMurray E  BleachKILLARA, NSWTony  BogolinNIAGARA FALLSTony  BogolinPresident and CEO NIAGARA FALLSJohn William  BordynuikNIAGARA FALLSJohn William  BordynuikPresident and CEO THOROLDJohn William  BordynuikChief Executive Officer NIAGARA FALLSJohn William  Bordynuik NIAGARA FALLS,Philip Joseph  BradleyANCASTERAmy Katherine  BradshawOVERLAND PARKPeter J  BruceNEW YORKMichael R  CoultonLONDONHenry M  Dietrich NEW YORKMelissa Bridgeford  DoeringNEW YORKMichael B.  DorrellNEW YORKMichael B.  DorrellNEW YORKRichard  Dunn10% Owner ROMEKenneth T  Friedman10% Owner MALIBUGlikbarg Revocable TrustSANTA BARBARARichard W  HeddleHAMILTONRichard W  HeddleChief Excecutive Officer NIAGARA FALLSTheodore Joseph  HenryBALTIMOREMatthew James  InghamChief Financial Officer NIAGARA FALLSMatthew James  InghamNIAGARA FALLSAsami  Ishimaru10% Owner NEW YORKSmith  JacobCambridgeSmith  JacobTHOROLD, ONTARIOFairbairn  JamesTHOROLD, ONTARIOBordynuik  JohnCambridgeBordynuik  JohnCambridgeBordynuik  JohnTHOROLD, ONTARIOWesson  JohnTHOROLD, ONTARIOWESSON  JOHNNIAGARA FALLSRauber  KevinTHOROLDRAUBER  KEVINNIAGARA FALLSCraig  Linden10% Owner NEW YORKStephen A  MaoHENDERSONIngham  MatthewTHOROLDINGHAM  MATTHEWNIAGARA FALLSSamuel  MayLOS ANGELESSamuel  May10% Owner MARINA DEL REYMeyer & Doreen Luskin Family Trust10% Owner LOS ANGELESMoreno Energy, Inc. HOUSTONDuncan D  Murdoch10% Owner NEW YORKTERRANOVA  NICHOLASNIAGARA FALLSCraig  ParkMONTREALBRADLEY  PHILIPNIAGARA FALLSPlastic2Oil, Inc.Chief Financial Officer NIAGARA FALLSR. N. Gold & Company, Inc. Profit Sharing Pension TrustROWAYTONBanerjea  RahoulNIAGARA FALLSBanerjea S  RahoulNIAGARA FALLSKevin  RauberNIAGARA FALLSKevin  RauberNIAGARA FALLSHEDDLE  RICHARDNIAGARA FALLSBagai  RobinTHOROLD, ONTARIOBaldwin, Jr.  RonaldCambridgeSherwin N  ScottSCOTTSDALEJacob V.  SmithNIAGRA FALLSLori  Steele10% Owner OTTOWALuke R  TaylorNEW YORKLuke R  TaylorNEW YORKNicholas J  TerranovaNIAGARA FALLSBOGOLIN  TONYNIAGARA FALLSTrent D  VichieNEW YORKTrent D  VichieNEW YORKLawrence A  WeinsteinLOS ANGELESJohn M  WessonDirector PLAINSBOROJohn M  WessonDirector THOROLDJohn M  WessonDirector YARMOUTHJohn M  WessonDirector YARMOUTH












 






Rahoul Banerjea, Tatum - United States | Viadeo








Rahoul
BanerjeaPartner, TatumSudbury, United States1contactThis is a preview of Rahoul Banerjea's profileDevenez membre pour voir son profil complet et vous aussi, donnez un coup de pouce à votre carrièreS'inscrire gratuitementHis backgroundToday 2017  2007PartnerTatumPlease sign up to view Rahoul Banerjea's full profile.SIGN UPHis activity on ViadeoRecent contactsDiego TebaldiVP of Global Business Development and Product Management, Northern Power


Plastic2Oil Inc.




















Plastic 2 Oil ® | Converting Waste Plastic to Ultra Clean Fuel

Sitemap
Contact
News
Investor Relations











Home

P2O® Technology

The P2O Advantage
Patent Pending Process
Plastic Feedstock
Fuel Products


Environmental

Global Plastic Problem
P2O Process Emissions
Clean Fuel Production


Process Validation

Evolution of the Process
Commercial Validation


Strategic Alliances

Announced  Partners
Opportunities


About Us

Management Team
Company History
Contact Us


News Room

News Releases
In the News
Media Inquiries


Investors

Stock Price
SEC Financial Filings & Reports
Governance
FAQs
IR Contacts






Management Team
Richard Heddle, Chief Executive Officer & President
Richard W. Heddle is an accomplished entrepreneur with over 25 years of executive business experience. Richard has owned, operated and grown his namesake company, Heddle Marine Services, since 1987. Heddle Marine Services is currently the largest marine repair firm that operates floating dry docks on the Canadian side of the great lakes. Richard has grown his company from a small startup consisting of two individuals to a company that now employs over 60. He is both a Certified Millwright and Hoisting Engineer. Richard has significant expertise in logistics, supply chain analytics and managing production. Richard brings with him over 25 years of comprehensive experience in fabrication, engineering and machinery.
Rahoul Banerjea, Chief Financial Officer
Rahoul Banerjea has served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company since March 2014. Prior to joining the Company, from 2013 to March 2014, Mr. Banerjea was the principal of Matun Group LLC, a global professional services firm providing management consulting, located in Sudbury, Massachusetts. From 2007 to 2013, Mr. Banerjea was a Partner, New England Practice, at Tatum, a division of Randstad, a national professional services firm providing financial leadership roles. Mr. Banerjea’s financial experience spans all major areas of finance including Public Company CFO, Business Unit CFO, Investor Relations, Controllership, Planning and Analysis, Treasury, Product Development and Internal Audit. Previously, he held senior financial roles with small, mid-size and large multi-national technology companies including Digital Equipment Corporation, and Digimarc ID Systems. Mr. Banerjea is also a member of the Board of the American School of Madrid Foundation and a former member of the Board of the Boston Chapter Financial Executives International. Mr. Banerjea received his B.S.B.A. from Drexel University and is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Banerjea brings more than 30 years of experience in finance and accounting to the Company’s executive management team.
Steven Bacon, General Counsel
In his role as General Counsel, Steven Bacon leads and oversees strategic and tactical legal initiatives at Plastic2Oil®. Mr. Bacon reports directly to the CEO, and where appropriate, also to the Board of Directors.
He oversees the activities of the Company’s outside counsel, including pending litigation matters, and, where possible and advisable, handles future disputes that may arise in-house. In addition, Mr. Bacon provides general legal services and advice to the company in areas where the services of outside counsel are not required.
Prior to joining Plastic2Oil®, Mr. Bacon was partner at Hill Farrer & Burrill, LLP (Los Angeles, CA) where he specialized in class action defence and other complex business and real estate litigation.
He was formerly the Treasurer and a member of the Executive Committee of the Los Angeles County Bar Association, and he served two terms on its Board of Trustees. He also has been the Chair of LACBA’s Judiciary, Amicus Brief and Audit and Finance Committees. Mr. Bacon served on the Executive Committee of the Real Property Law Section of the California State Bar from 1994-2000, including a year as its Chair, and also served on the State Bar's Complex Litigation Task Force.
Mr. Bacon graduated cum laude from Princeton University and received his law degree from Stanford Law School.




About Us

Management Team
Company History
Contact Us



Website last updated: May 1, 2017


Recent News Releases

Subscribe to our RSS Feed

Plastic2Oil CEO Provides Update to Shareholders May 1st, 2017
Plastic2Oil CEO and President Provides Review and Update to Shareholders Dec 29th, 2016


 
View all News Releases
Google Chrome Users: Download RSS subscription extension here.
Subscribe To Our RSS Feed









Home
P2O® Technology
About Us
News Room
Investors




Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved.   Legal | Privacy Policy

Powered by CMSIntelligence.com











Rahoul Banerjea – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending March 21, 2014
Posted on March 24, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Tiffany & Co. 
Iron Mountain Incorporated 
McDonald’s Corp. 


Brookline Bancorp, Inc. 
Select Comfort Corporation
Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. 


Amedisys, Inc. 
Enable Midstream Partners, LP
WPX Energy 


PBF Energy Inc. 
Auction.com
Huntington Bancshares Inc.


Multimedia Plus 
Cohen & Steers, Inc.
American Realty Capital New York Recovery REIT, Inc.


Respect Your Universe, Inc.
Unilife Corporation 
Franklin Wireless Corp. 


JBI, Inc. 
GetWellNetwork, Inc.
KonaRed Corporation 


LeoNovus Inc. 
Cancer Genetics 
Discovery Communications 


Caliber Imaging & Diagnostics
The KEYW Holding Corporation 
Sunnyside Federal Bancorp, Inc. 


Armored AutoGroup Parent Inc. 
Hurco Companies, Inc. 
Digital Realty Trust, Inc. 


First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc. 
BCB Bancorp, Inc.
OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 


Alanco Technologies, Inc. 
Signature Exploration and Production Corp.
Poage Bankshares, Inc. 


The Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati 
AWG International Water Corporation
Imaging Diagnostic Systems, Inc.


Wound Management Technologies, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Tiffany & Co. (NYSE: TIF) announced that Ralph Nicoletti will become its next executive vice president and chief financial officer. His appointment will become effective on April 2, 2014. The Company also announced the intention of James N. Fernandez, chief operating officer and chief financial officer, to retire in July. Mr. Nicoletti joins Tiffany from CIGNA, the global health services and insurance company, where he was executive vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to that, he was executive vice president and chief financial officer at Alberto Culver and held various financial management positions at Kraft Foods. Mr. Fernandez has been chief financial officer since the resignation of the previous chief financial officer last November and had also served as chief financial officer from 1989 to 2011. Mr. Fernandez, 58, a 30-year veteran of Tiffany, has been Tiffany’s chief operating officer since 2011.
Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) appointed Rod Day as the company’s executive vice president and chief financial officer. Day has served as Iron Mountain’s acting CFO since November 1, 2013, and had previous roles both as senior vice president and CFO International from November 2009, and CFO Europe in 2008 when he joined the company. Prior to joining Iron Mountain, Day had several roles at AOL Europe, including director of financial control and planning, vice president finance and strategy, and most recently, CFO for Europe. Prior to AOL, Day held senior strategic planning and finance roles at Kingfisher plc.
McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) announced that upon the retirement in October 2014 of Chief Operating Officer Tim Fenton, Pete Bensen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will assume oversight for Worldwide Supply Chain, Development and Franchising functions. The Board has elected Bensen to the position of Senior Executive Vice President. Fenton joined McDonald’s in 1973 as a crew member in Utica, N.Y. He has held a variety of leadership roles throughout his McDonald’s career, including President of McDonald’s Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa (APMEA). Prior to that, he served as President of the East Division for McDonald’s USA. Before joining the U.S. business, he was Senior Vice President of Southeast Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa, Vice President and Managing Director of McDonald’s Middle East Development Company and served in numerous operations and leadership positions in Asia, Poland, Central Europe and the U.S.
Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: BRKL) announced that Carl M. Carlson has been appointed as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, effective April 1, 2014. Mr. Carlson will succeed Julie A. Gerschick, who resigned from the Company effective December 31, 2013. Mr. Carlson has served as Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Financial Officer at Webster Financial Corporation since 2011. Mr. Carlson joined Webster Financial in 2007, and previously served as Senior Vice President and Director, Finance and Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Development. Prior to joining Webster Financial, Mr. Carlson served as an officer at North Fork Bancorporation, Inc. where he was employed from 1986 to 2007.
Select Comfort Corporation (NASDAQ: SCSS) announced that David Callen has been appointed the company’s senior vice president and chief financial officer, effective as of April 7, 2014. Callen was previously Ethan Allen Interiors, Inc.’s principal financial officer, serving as vice president, finance and treasurer. Prior to that, he served as vice president of global finance of Phototronics, Inc., and worked as corporate controller of Johnson Outdoors, Inc.
Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (NYSE: ETH) announced that David Callen, Vice President Finance & Treasurer, has resigned from the Company to pursue another opportunity, effective March 31, 2014. The Company further announced that Corey Whitely, Executive Vice President, Operations, has assumed the additional role of interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.
Amedisys, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMED) announced the appointment of Dale E. Redman to the position of Interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Redman served as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer from February 2007 through December 2011, and retired from the Company as its Executive Vice President of Finance in February 2012. As previously reported, the Amedisys Board of Directors has named Ronald LaBorde Interim CEO while a national search for a permanent CEO is underway. Following his retirement from the Company until his appointment as Interim Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Redman managed personal investments. Prior to February 2007, Mr. Redman served as Managing Director at Windward Capital Consulting, LLC. Prior to April 1999, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United Companies Financial Corporation.
Enable Midstream Partners, LP announced that Rodney J. Sailor has been named executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective April 1, 2014. Sailor joins the company from Tulsa-based WPX Energy where he most recently served as senior vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining WPX, Sailor served as vice president and treasurer for The Williams Companies. During that time he assisted in the formation on two master limited partnerships; Williams Partners (WPZ) and Williams Pipeline Partners (WMZ) and the spin-off of WPX Energy. He served as a director of Williams Partners GP LLC, the general partner of WPZ, from October 2007 until February 2010. Sailor served as a director of Williams Pipeline GP LLC, the general partner of WMZ, from January 2008 until WMZ merged with WPZ in August 2010.
WPX Energy (NYSE: WPX) announced that Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rod Sailor will resign from the company effective March 31to accept a position at another company. The Board of Directors appointed J. Kevin Vann, who serves as the company’s Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, to be interim Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Vann will also replace Sailor as director for Apco Oil and Gas International. Vann began his career with Arthur Andersen in Tulsa before coming to Williams in 1998. He held positions responsible for accounting and risk management. In 2006, he became Controller for the Exploration & Production business of Williams, which later spun off as independent company WPX Energy.
PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE: PBF) announced that Matthew Lucey, currently Chief Financial Officer, has been named Executive Vice President. Erik Young, currently Director of Strategic Planning, has been named Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The appointments will take effect April 1, 2014.
Auction.com added former Oracle Chief Financial Officer Jeff Epstein to its board of directors. Epstein, who will chair the Audit Committee. Epstein is an operating partner at Bessemer Venture Partners and a senior advisor at Oak Hill Capital Partners. He serves on the board of directors for Priceline. He also serves on the board of Shutterstock. Prior to joining Oracle, Epstein served as chief financial officer of several public and private companies, including DoubleClick, which was sold to Google; King World Productions, which was sold to the CBS Corporation; and Nielsen’s Media Measurement and Information Group. Earlier in his career, he was an investment banker at The First Boston Corporation. He also currently serves on the boards of directors of Kaiser Permanente and Global Eagle Entertainment, and the management board of the Stanford University Graduate School of Business.
Huntington Bancshares Inc. (NASDAQ: HBAN) named Howell D. “Mac” McCullough III, senior executive vice president and chief financial officer. During the last seven years, he was the chief strategy officer at U.S. Bank. Immediately prior to that he was the chief financial officer for U.S. Bancorp’s payment services division and was its director of investor relations from 2001 to 2005. He first joined U.S. Bancorp in 1993. Before joining U.S. Bancorp, he was the director of corporate development at Huntington from 1992 to 1993 and served as a senior financial analyst at Huntington from 1991 to 1992.
Multimedia Plus announced Anthony (Tony) DeLuca has been appointed as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. DeLuca joins Multimedia Plus after serving as CFO at Design Within Reach. Previously, he held various executive positions including Director of Finance, The Americas at Burberry, Limited. Prior to this, he served as Controller at Hermes of Paris, Inc. for nine years. Earlier, he served as Controller, Wholesale Division, at Bally, Inc.
Cohen & Steers, Inc. (NYSE: CNS) announced the appointment of Frank T. Connor to the company’s board of directors. Mr. Connor is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Textron Inc. Prior to joining Textron in August 2009, Mr. Connor was Managing Director and Head of Telecom Investment Banking at Goldman Sachs & Co. from 2003 to 2008. Prior to that, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Telecom, Technology and Media Investment Banking at Goldman Sachs from 1998 to 2003. Mr. Connor joined the corporate finance department at Goldman Sachs in 1986 and became a vice president in 1990 and a managing director in 1996. He also serves as a director of FM Global, a Rhode Island headquartered mutual insurance company.
American Realty Capital New York Recovery REIT, Inc. announced that Gregory W. Sullivan will be appointed Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer effective April 21, 2014. Mr. Sullivan comes to NYRR from STAG Industrial, Inc., where he served as Chief Financial Officer since STAG’s initial public offering in April 2011. Prior to STAG’s formation, he served on the Board of Managers of STAG Capital Partners, LLC and STAG Capital Partners III, LLC from 2004 to 2011. Mr. Sullivan served as Executive Vice President for Corporate Development for New England Development LLC (NED) from 2002 to 2011. Mr. Sullivan was also the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TrizecHahn Corporation. From 1987 to 1994, Mr. Sullivan was employed in various capacities at AEW Capital Management in Boston.
Respect Your Universe, Inc. (OTC: RYUN) announced that Michelle Sibley has been appointed as a director. Michelle Sibley is the Chief Financial Officer at Sachs Capital Group LP. While at Sachs Capital Group, Ms. Sibley also served as the Chief Financial Officer for SCG Financial Acquisition Corp., a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company. Prior to joining Sachs Capital Group LP, Ms. Sibley was a senior tax manager in Deloitte & Touche’s tax practice.
Unilife Corporation (NASDAQ: UNIS) announced that Dennis Pyers, Vice-President and Controller of Unilife since 2010, has been named Interim CFO. Mr. Pyers replaces Richard Wieland who is leaving Unilife after four years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Pyers has served as the Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller of Unilife Corporation since July 2010. Mr. Pyers spent over 25 years with KPMG, including serving as a partner from 2002 to 2009.
Franklin Wireless Corp. (OTC: FKWL) announced that its Board of Directors has approved the promotion of Richard (“Rick”) Walker to chief financial officer. Mr. Walker joined the Company in 2009 and previously served as the Company’s vice president of finance and accounting.
JBI, Inc. (OTC: JBII) announced that it has hired Rahoul S. Banerjea as its Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). As a Principal with Matun Group LLC, Mr. Banerjea was Interim Vice President of Finance at Bodycote, Hot Isostatic Processing (“HIP”) Division. As a Partner with Tatum, LLC, Mr. Banerjea was Interim Corporate Controller of CMGI, Inc., Interim Finance Director at FTI Consulting’s technology segment, Project Consultant at Interactive Data Corporation (“IDC”), Interim Chief Financial Officer at Harmonix Music Systems, and Project Consultant at Commercial Industrial Financial Corporation. Prior to joining Tatum, Mr. Banerjea was CFO of Compaq/Digital Equipment Corp’s (“DEC”) Spain and Portugal subsidiaries. 
GetWellNetwork, Inc. announced the appointment of Bart Witteveen as the company’s new chief financial officer. Prior to joining GetWellNetwork, Witteveen served as chief financial officer at Matrix Medical Network.
KonaRed Corporation (OTC: KRED) announced that John Dawe has become the Company’s new CFO. Mr. Dawe brings more than 30 years of financial, business, and executive level experience to KonaRed Corporation, having served as Treasurer, VP Finance, and CEO for various finance-related entities since 1993. His most recent endeavor at DAS Corporate Services (2002-2014) found him responsible for the creation and maintenance of accounting and reporting systems for US publicly traded companies. Mr. Dawe succeeds Dana Roberts, who will leave to concentrate on Malie, Inc., a company she founded in 2004 that specializes in all natural luxury spa and beauty products.
LeoNovus Inc. (TSX-V: LTV) announced that David Belgum has been appointed as LeoNovus’ Chief Financial Officer. He will be replacing Gary Martin, a Director of LeoNovus, who has acted as interim Chief Financial Officer since Dec. 26, 2013. Belgum has a significant amount of financial experience and was previously Chief Financial Officer of Prozyme, Inc. Prior to that, he was President and Chief Financial Officer of Belgum Financial Solutions, Inc. working with companies such as Obopay and Invio Software.
Cancer Genetics (NASDAQ: CGIX) announced that effective April 1, 2014, it has appointed Edward J. Sitar as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sitar was most recently the Chief Financial Officer of Healthagen, a subsidiary of Aetna Company. Prior to that, he was the Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer of ActiveHealth Management, also a subsidiary of Aetna. From 2001 to 2010, he was the Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer of Cadent Holding. From 1998 to 2001, he was the Chief Financial Officer of MIM Corporation (currently known as Bioscrip). From 1996 to 1998, he was the VP of Finance for Nasdaq-listed Vital Signs. Prior to that he was Controller for Zenith/Goldline Pharmaceutical. Cancer Genetics also announced the resignation of Elizabeth Adkins Czerepak, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, effective March 31, 2014 to pursue other opportunities.
Discovery Communications (NASDAQ: DISCA, DISCB, DISCK) announced the appointment of Doug Baker to the position of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Discovery Networks International (DNI). Baker currently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for DNI, and will transition into his new role over the next few weeks. Baker joined Discovery in 2005 as CFO for Discovery Commerce. He then assumed the role of CFO for Discovery Digital Media, Emerging Networks & Business Development. Prior to joining Discovery, Baker served in a variety of financial, operating and strategic roles, primarily with leading consumer brand Hallmark. His responsibilities included headquarter assignments in Hallmark International’s Finance and Treasury functions as well as regional leadership roles as Hallmark UK’s Finance & Information Technology Director.
Caliber Imaging & Diagnostics (OTC: LCDX), formerly Lucid, Inc., has named Richard C. Christopher as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Christopher replaces Richard J. Pulsifer. Christopher served for eight years as Chief Financial Officer of DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc., until its sale to Sun Pharmaceuticals Industries Limited in 2012. Mr. Christopher arrived at DUSA in 2000 and held a series of positions of increasing responsibility before assuming the CFO role in January 2005.
The KEYW Holding Corporation (NASDAQ: KEYW) announced that John Krobath is stepping down as Chief Financial Officer effective April 25, 2014 to pursue other professional opportunities. The company expects to announce a successor before that date to ensure an orderly transition.
Sunnyside Federal Bancorp, Inc. announced that Gerard Iervolino, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, resigned. It is expected that Mr. Iervolino will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer until April 4, 2014.
Armored AutoGroup Parent Inc. announced that it has acquired IDQ Acquisition Corp. IDQ was previously owned by an affiliate of Kinderhook Industries, LLC. Gerry Rooney, Chief Financial Officer of IDQ, will serve as Executive Vice President of Operations and lead integration efforts. Andy Bolt, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Armored AutoGroup, will serve as Executive Vice President and CFO of the combined business.
Hurco Companies, Inc. (NASDAQ: HURC) announced the promotion of Sonja K. McClelland to Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Most recently Ms. McClelland served as Corporate Controller, Assistant Secretary and Principal Accounting Officer. Ms. McClelland has been with Hurco Companies, Inc. since September 1996. She has had a progressive role in the development of business both domestically and internationally during her eighteen years with the Company.
Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: DLR) announced that the board has appointed A. William Stein, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer, to serve as Interim Chief Executive Officer.
First West Virginia Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE MKT: FWV) appointed Joseph M. Menendez to serve on the Board of Directors of the Company and to serve on the Board of Directors of Progressive Bank, N.A., its wholly owned subsidiary bank. Mr. Menendez serves as the Chief Financial Officer of Tecnocap LLC, an international manufacturing company. Mr. Menendez will serve on the Company’s Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
BCB Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: BCBP) appointed Thomas P. Keating as Chief Financial Officer. Until his appointment as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Keating was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer with Enterprise National Bank in Kenilworth, New Jersey (2011-present). Previously Mr. Keating was employed by Pamrapo Bancorp and subsequent to its acquisition by BCB Bancorp (2009-2011). Prior thereto, Mr. Keating was Chief Financial Officer of AES Red Oak, LLC.
OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: OMED) announced that Sunil Patel was appointed  Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President Corporate Development and Finance. He will succeed William Waddill, who is leaving at the end of this month to join a private company. Mr. Patel has been with OncoMed since 2009, most recently as Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer. Prior to OncoMed, Mr. Patel held executive roles with multiple biotechnology companies, including BiPar Sciences, Connetics Corporation and Abgenix, Inc. He has played a leadership role in driving more than $8 billion in strategic licensing and M&A transactions, including leading OncoMed’s strategic transactions with Bayer and Celgene and managing the collaborative efforts with GSK. Earlier in his career, he was a management consultant with McKinsey & Company. He currently serves on the Board of Directors and is a member of the audit committee of Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Alanco Technologies, Inc. (OTC: ALAN) appointed John A. Carlson to serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. Carlson joined the Company in September 1998 as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President and was made a Director in 1999.  The Board also appointed Danielle Haney as Chief Financial Officer.  Ms. Haney joined the Company in September 2001 and has most recently served as the Corporate Controller and Corporate Secretary.  Ms. Haney will continue to serve as Corporate Secretary.
Signature Exploration and Production Corp. (OTC: SXLP) announced that Steven Weldon resigned as the Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. Weldon will continue to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Poage Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: PBSK), the holding company for Home Federal Savings and Loan Association, announced the completion of the acquisition of Town Square Financial Corporation and Town Square Bank. Town Square Bank merged with and into Home Federal, with Home Federal as the surviving entity. Jane Gilkerson, former Chief Financial Officer of Town Square and Town Square Bank, will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Home Federal.
American Spectrum Realty, Inc. (NYSE MKT: AQQ) announced that Elisa Grainger resigned as chief financial officer in order to pursue other personal interests. Ms. Grainger has agreed to continue with the Company in a consulting role.
The Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati announced that Carole L. Cossé, the Bank’s Senior Vice President-Chief Financial Officer, left her position with the Bank. Donald R. Able became the Executive Vice President-Chief Operating Officer & interim Chief Financial Officer. He became Executive Vice President-Chief Operating Officer in August 2012 and has served as the Principal Financial Officer since January 2007. Prior to that, he had served as the Senior Vice President-Chief Accounting and Technology Officer since January 2011 and as the Senior Vice President-Controller since March 2006
AWG International Water Corporation (OTC: AWGI) announced that Jeff Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer, has resigned. Mr. Mitchell is pursuing other business opportunities. The company appointed Keith White as Chief Financial Officer. The company also announced the appointment of Jeff Mitchell to fill the vacancy on the Board of Directors.  Additionally, the Board of Directors appointed Jeff Mitchell to the Audit Committee.
Imaging Diagnostic Systems, Inc. (OTC: IMDS) announced that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Director, Allan L. Schwartz, resigned.
Wound Management Technologies, Inc. (OTC: WNDM) announced that Darren Stine has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. In addition to holding senior management positions at EcoProduct Solutions (April 2007 through March 2008), and Country Fresh (March 2008 through November 2008), Mr. Stine owned and operated his own tax and accounting consulting firm from November of 2008 through September of 2010, and served as a senior manager at CPA firm Cain, Watters and Associates from September of 2010 through October of 2013.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,401 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:



