

Rainier Investment Management Mutual Funds: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























rainier investment management mutual funds
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Ranier Investment Management Mutual Funds is an open ended equity mutual fund.




Corporate Information
Address:

601 Union Street
Suite 2801
Seattle, WA 98101
United States


Phone:
1-800-536-4640


Fax:
1-206-518-6601


Web url:
www.rainierfunds.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company










Trustee
Company




Melodie Zakaluk
Rainier Investment Management LLC










President/CEO
Company




























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	
	IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING 

















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.


		Turn on more accessible mode



		Turn off more accessible mode



		Skip Ribbon Commands



		Skip to main content


 

 
  

            Please be aware that content may vary based on investor type. Content shared via links may not be available to all investors.
        













Contact Us




About RainierInvestment PhilosophyInvestment ProcessOur PeopleStrategiesU.S. Equity:Large Cap Equity FundMid Cap Equity FundSmall/Mid Cap Equity FundInternational:International Discovery FundNews and InsightsLatest NewsCommentarySector InsightsNews ArchiveSpecial ReportsLiterature and FormsHow To Invest






I certify that I am a(n)...


Individual Investor (Default)
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor

Skip





 



HomeStrategiesInternational DiscoveryIMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING 



IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING 

THE RAINIER INTERNATIONAL DISCOVERY FUND




Rainier Page Content For Individual InvestorRainier International Discovery Fund, A Shares (RISAX)Rainier International Discovery Fund, Institutional Shares (RAIIX) 
 
On March 1, 2017, the Board of Trustees of the Rainier Investment Management Mutual Funds approved a proposal that would reorganize the Rainier International Discovery Fund (“the Fund”) into a newly created mutual fund under the Manning & Napier Fund, Inc. family of mutual funds.   Rainier’s affiliate, Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC (“Manning”), would become the investment adviser for that new fund.   Rainier Investment Management, LLC (“Rainier”) would become the sub-adviser of that new fund and would remain responsible for day-to-day portfolio management. 
 
If shareholders of the Acquired Series approve the Reorganization, each owner of Class A and Institutional Class shares of the Acquired Series would become a shareholder of Class K and Class I shares, respectively, of the Surviving Series. Immediately after the closing of the Reorganization, each shareholder of the Acquired Series will hold shares of the Surviving Series having an aggregate value equal to the aggregate value of the shares of the Acquired Series held by that shareholder immediately prior to the Reorganization.
 
Proxy materials were mailed to shareholders of record on July 12, 2017(record date June 12, 2017) for the Shareholder meeting that will be held on August 11, 2017.   If approved, the Reorganization is expected to be consummated on August 21, 2017, or such other date as the parties may agree.
 
Please click here for the proxy material which describes the proposed transaction in more detail and provides the reasons for the Board’s approval. 
 
International Discovery Fund (RAIIX) received a 
4-Star Morningstar Rating™ !  
 
Overall rating out of 114 Foreign Small/Mid Growth funds as of 6-30-17.
 
The Overall Morningstar Rating is based on risk-adjusted returns derived from a weighted average of the Fund's 3-year Morningstar metrics.  
 
 
 
 
Objective 
The International Discovery Fund seeks to provide investors with long-term capital appreciation. In pursuing its goal, the Fund invests primarily in the common stock of small-capitalization companies traded outside the U.S. The Adviser selects investments which are either included in the MSCI ACWI ex. U.S.A. Small Cap Index or have equity capitalizations within the range of $5 billion or smaller at the time of purchase. Highly speculative or illiquid stocks are not candidates for the Fund. To control risk, extreme overweighting or underweighting of the Fund relative to the Index is normally avoided. To thoroughly diversify, the Fund consists of 60 to 120 different stocks, each making up a relatively small portion of the Fund.
 
Investment Philosophy
We invest in dynamic, non-U.S., small cap growth companies at prices that allow for meaningful appreciation potential. We believe that rewarding stock performance comes from companies with superior growth potential, clear key earnings drivers, attractive valuations and trading liquidity. Our decisions are based on fundamental analysis, which emphasizes bottom up stock selection. We invest in all major regions and market sectors because we believe that excellent growth opportunities exist across countries and industries that are frequently overlooked.
 
 










 
The most current standardized performance can be viewed by clicking here.
Performance data quoted represent past performance, which does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than quoted. Performance data current to the most recent month-end can be obtained by calling 800.248.6314. 
 
Sharpe Ratio measures risk-adjusted performance. The Sharpe ratio is calculated by subtracting the risk-free rate from the rate of return for a portfolio and dividing the result by the standard deviation of the portfolio returns. Information ratio is the ratio of portfolio return above the returns of a benchmark.
Market capitalization is the total dollar market value of all company's outstanding shares. Alpha is the difference between the fair and actually expected rates of return on a stock. Correlation is a statistical measure that measures how two or more securities or investments move in relation to one another.  Correlations range from -1 to +1, and can be used to measure how effective investments are as diversification tools when combined with one another in a portfolio. Return on Equity (ROE) is the amount of net income returned as a percentage of shareholders equity.
Available Investment Vehicles

Mutual Fund - A Share
Mutual Fund - Institutional
Vehicle Name
International Discovery Fund
International Discovery Fund
Availability
Open
Open
Inception Date
11/30/2012
3/28/2012
Symbol
RISAX
RAIIX
Sales Load
5.75%
N/A
12b-1 Fees
0.25%
0.00%
Gross Expense Ratio
1.65%
1.32%
Net Expense Ratio
1.51%*
1.26%*
Minimum Investment
$2,500
$100,000
Minimum through Schwab and Fidelity
​$2,500
$100,000
Trustee
N/A
N/A
 *Contractual fee waivers through 7/31/2018.
  The Morningstar Ratingä for funds, or "star-rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history without adjustment for sales loads. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Ratingä for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Ratingä meterics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36 - 59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Rainier International Discovery Fund was rated against the following numbers of Foreign Small/Mid Growth funds over the following time period: 114 funds in the last three years and 105funds in the last five years. With respect to these Foreign Small/Mid Growth funds, Rainier International Discovery Fund received a Morningstar Rating of four stars for the three- and five-year periods. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Ratings for other share classes may differ. 
 
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
 
Mutual fund investing involves risk. Principal loss is possible. Small- and medium-capitalization companies tend to have limited liquidity and greater price volatility than large-capitalization companies. Investment in IPO’s can be volatile and can fluctuate considerably. IPOs can have a magnified impact on funds with a small asset base. Investments in foreign securities and emerging markets countries involve greater volatility and political, economic and currency risks and differences in accounting methods. These risks are greater for emerging markets. Investment in REIT securities involve risks such as declines in the value of real estate and increased susceptibility to adverse economic regulatory expenses. The fund will invest in derivatives which may be more volatile than investments directly in the underlying securities, involve additional costs and may involve a small initial investment relative to the risk assumed. Participatory notes involve risks associated with direct investments in underlying securities, but also carry counterparty risk. Diversification does not assure a profit or protect against loss in a declining market.
 
Opinions expressed are subject to change, are not guaranteed, and should not be considered investment advice.
 
The MSCI ACWI ex USA Small Cap Index (Net) captures a small cap representation across 22 of 23 Developed Markets countries (excluding the US) and 21 Emerging Markets countries. Index vendor sources may vary, resulting in slight variations in the index returns that are displayed in performance reporting for the Rainier Funds. The Indices are not available for investment and do not incur charges or expenses. 
 
The Fund's investment objectives, risk, charges and expenses must be considered carefully before investing. The statutory and summary prospectus contain this and other important information about the investment company and may be obtained by clicking here. Please read it carefully before investing.
 
Rainier Funds are distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC.









International DiscoveryObjective & PhilosophyReturns & CharacteristicsManagement TeamCommentaryFact SheetA Load Features




 
  
 

800.536.4640 | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Careers© 2017 Rainier Investment Management, LLC
 













   











   



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	
	Home

















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.


		Turn on more accessible mode



		Turn off more accessible mode



		Skip Ribbon Commands



		Skip to main content


 

 
  

            Please be aware that content may vary based on investor type. Content shared via links may not be available to all investors.
        













Contact Us




About RainierInvestment PhilosophyInvestment ProcessOur PeopleStrategiesU.S. Equity:Large Cap Equity FundMid Cap Equity FundSmall/Mid Cap Equity FundInternational:International Discovery FundNews and InsightsLatest NewsCommentarySector InsightsNews ArchiveSpecial ReportsLiterature and FormsHow To Invest






I certify that I am a(n)...


Individual Investor (Default)
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor

Skip





 







Why International Small Cap?International small cap stocks are often overlooked by investors. Should this asset class be in your portfolio? Learn More









Welcome to Rainier Investment Management
Welcome ContentRainier Investment Management, LLC is dedicated to enhancing client returns through insightful and disciplined identification of growth companies. Rainier is headquartered in Seattle, Washington and manages assets in separate accounts, collective trusts and the Rainier Funds. Rainier offers U.S. equity strategies covering all market cap ranges, fixed income, and international equity management.
Rainier Investment Management is an affiliate of Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC (Manning & Napier), a registered investment advisor with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Manning & Napier was founded in 1970 and is headquartered in Rochester, NY.









Rainier Funds Daily ClosingAs of 7/27/2017SymbolClosingLarge Cap - ORIMEX$20.32Large Cap - IRAIEX$21.01Mid Cap - ORIMMX$39.73Mid Cap - IRAIMX$41.67Small/Mid Cap - ORIMSX$37.93Small/Mid Cap - IRAISX$40.42International Discovery - ARISAX$19.06International Discovery - IRAIIX$19.23











News1 For Individual InvestorsVIDEOS 
Small/Mid Cap Equity Strategy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




News2 For Individual InvestorsVIDEOS 
International Discovery Fund




News3 For Individual InvestorsNEWS & UPDATES 
 
Rainier Investment Management is pleased to announce a strategic partnership with Manning & Napier, Inc.  For details, please click here. 
 
Reasons to Consider International Small Cap EquitiesToday, many portfolios include domestic small cap and international large cap equities. However, international small cap stocks have frequently been left out of investor's allocations despite offering a number of potential benefits. Learn more. 
 
International Discovery Fund (RAIIX) received a 4-Star Overall Morningstar Rating™ ! 
Overall rating out of 108Foreign Small/Mid Growth funds as of 3-31-17.  
The Overall Morningstar Rating is based on risk-adjusted returns derived from a weighted average of the Fund's 3-year and 5-year Morningstar metrics. 
 

 






Disclosure For Individual InvestorsFor each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Ratingä based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance.  The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Rainier International Discovery Fund was rated against the following numbers of Foreign Small/Mid Growth funds over the following time period: 107 funds in the last three years.  With respect to these Foreign Small/Mid Growth funds, Rainier International Discovery Fund received a Morningstar Rating of four stars for the three-year period. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Ratings for other share classes may differ. 
 
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
 
Mutual fund investing involves risk. Principal loss is possible.
The Rainier Funds are offered only to United States residents, and information on this site is intended only for such persons. Nothing on this web site should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any Rainier Fund in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Please refer to the prospectus for important information about the investment company including objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Please click here for a summary prospectus. Read and consider it carefully before investing. You may also obtain  a hardcopy of the prospectus by calling 800.280.6111.
The Rainier Funds are distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC. 




 
  
 

800.536.4640 | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Careers© 2017 Rainier Investment Management, LLC
 


































Rainier Investment Management, LLC : Top Money Managers  




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















	Products  | Financial Intermediaries | Manning & Napier | Rochester, NY


































|Login


Investor Login

<Select Investor Type>
Individual Investor
Institutional Investor
401(k) Plan Sponsor
Financial Intermediaries


<Select Account Type>
Separate Account Clients
Mutual Fund Shareholders

Login to the Mutual Fund Shareholders website.


Username



Password



Login
Forgot your username?
Forgot your password?



Individual Separate Account Clients can register here. Mutual Fund Shareholders can login here. All other investors call (800) 551-0224. Having trouble logging in?









About|Investor Relations|Insights|Newsroom|Contact



Search






Financial Professionals


ProcessProductsSeparately Managed AccountsDetailsValue Added ServicesMutual FundsDetailsCIT FundsDetailsTarget Date FundsRisk-Based FundsAsset Class Funds







Corporate Home / Financial Professionals / Products




A Variety of Solutions to Meet Your Clients’ Needs
As one of the pioneers of lifecycle investing, Manning & Napier has extensive experience providing investment solutions. Our product suite includes both target date and risk-based mutual funds and collective investment trust funds, in addition to multi-asset class separately managed accounts. We also offer an array of asset class strategies to help meet your clients' needs.










SMA












Separately Managed Accounts
Our Separately Managed Accounts provide custom investment solutions for a variety of investors. With a minimum investment of $500,000 for most strategies, we help our clients determine their objectives and select the ideal risk management solution to help meet their needs.
Separate Account Strategies
















MF












Mutual Funds
We manage a variety of mutual funds ranging from lifecycle funds, to U.S. and non-U.S. stock funds, to taxable and tax-exempt bond funds. Most funds are available in all states with a minimum investment of $2,000.
 
View Our Funds
















CIT












Collective Investment Trust Funds (CITs)
Our risk-based, target date, and asset class collective investment trust funds are designed exclusively for use by qualified employee benefit plans.
View Our CIT Funds
















Text/HTML












Rainier Solutions
Visit the website of our affiliate, Rainier Investment Management, LLC, to view additional solutions.
 
View Rainier’s Solutions















 











Check the background of Manning & Napier Investor Services, Inc. on FINRA's BrokerCheck
For more information about any of the Manning & Napier Fund, Inc. Mutual Fund Series, please CLICK HERE to view the Series' prospectuses. For complete information about each Series or for information on purchasing shares, you may also obtain a prospectus from the Manning & Napier Fund by calling 800-466-3863. Before investing, carefully consider the objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment and read the prospectus carefully as it contains this and other information about the investment company.
The Manning & Napier Fund, Inc. is managed by Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC. Manning & Napier Investor Services, Inc., an affiliate of Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC, is the distributor of the Fund shares.
Our affiliate commingled funds, the Manning & Napier Collective Investment Trust funds, are non-registered funds available only for use within certain qualified employee benefit plans. Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC provides investment advisory services to Exeter Trust Company (ETC), the Trustee of the Collective Funds and an affiliated New Hampshire chartered trust company.
Manning & Napier Fund, Inc. mutual funds and the Manning & Napier Collective Investment Trust Funds are not available outside of the U.S.
Rainier Investment Management, LLC is an affiliate of the aforementioned Manning & Napier companies.
Effective Monday, August 21, 2017 BNY Mellon IS Trust Company is the retirement or education savings custodian for the Rainier International Discovery Fund Portfolio.





















      OUR FIRM  About Careers Newsroom Contact      PRODUCTS  Separately Managed Accounts Mutual Funds Collective Investment Trust Funds      INSIGHTS  Research Library Our View Markets & Economy Vantage      LEGAL  Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Business ContinuityWhistleblower Policy     HEADQUARTERS  290 Woodcliff Drive Fairport, NY 14450 (800) 551-0224      CONNECT        © 2017 Manning & Napier       












Loading...











Royal Alliance (Mutual Funds)













































Royal Alliance
Advisor Recruiting: 866-849-7673Customer Service: 800-821-5100


Making The Move
Advisor Group
Privacy Notice Response
Advisor Login
 

About Us
Services
Technology
Growth
Resources
 








Mutual Funds
AB
Aberdeen Funds
Absolute Strategies Fund
AdvisorOne Funds
AIG Financial Distributors Mutual Funds
Akre Funds
Al Frank Funds
Alger Group
Allianz Funds
Alpine Funds
Altegris Funds
Amana Funds
American Beacon Funds
American Century Funds
American Funds
American Independence Funds
AmericaFirst Funds
AMG Funds
API Funds
AQR Funds
Aquila Group of Funds
Arbitrage Funds
Ariel Funds
Arrow Funds
Artisan Funds
Aston Funds
Ave Maria Funds
Baird Funds
Baron Funds
Becker Funds
Berwyn Funds
BlackRock
BMO Funds
BNY Mellon|Dreyfus
Bogle Funds
Brandes Funds
Bridgeway Funds
Broadview Funds
BTS Funds
Buffalo Funds
Burnham Funds
Calamos Mutual Funds
Calvert Funds
Cambiar Funds
Catalyst Funds
Century Funds
CGM Funds
Champlain Funds
City National Rochdale
Clipper Fund
Clough China Fund
Cohen & Steers
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Commerce Funds
Compass EMP Funds
Copeland Funds
Credit Suisse
Cullen Funds
Cutler Funds
Davis Funds
Delaware Investments
Deutsche Funds
Diamond Hill
Direxion Funds
Dodge & Cox Funds
Domini Social Funds
DoubleLine Funds
Dreman Funds
Driehaus Funds
Dunham Funds
Eagle Funds
Eaton Vance Investment Managers
Emerald Funds
Equinox Campbell
Eventide Funds
Fairholme Fund
FBR Funds
Federated Investments
Fidelity Investments
First Eagle Funds
First Investors Funds
Forester Funds
FPA Funds
Franklin Templeton Investments
Frost Funds
Fund X
Gabelli Funds
Goldman Sachs Funds
Good Harbor Funds
Goodhaven Funds
Gotham Funds
Greenspring Funds
Guggenheim Funds
Guiness Atkinson Funds
Hancock Horizon Funds
Harbor Funds
Harding Loevner Funds
Hartford Mutual Funds
Heartland Funds
Heitman Funds
Hennessey Funds
Highland Funds
Hodges Funds
Homestead Funds
Hotchkis & Wiley Funds
Hussman Funds
ICON Funds
Innealta Capital Funds
Integrity Viking Funds
Intrepid Funds
Invesco
IVA Funds
Ivy Funds
James Advantage Funds
Janus Capital Group
Jensen Portfolio Fund
John Hancock Investments
J.P. Morgan Asset Management
Keeley Funds
Keystone Funds
Kinetics Funds
Lateef Funds
Laudus Funds
Lazard Funds
Leader Funds
Legg Mason
Leuthold Funds
Litman Gregory Funds
LKCM Funds
LoCorr Funds
Longleaf Funds
Loomis Sayles Funds
Lord Abbett & Co. LLC
Main Gate Funds
Mainstay Funds
Mairs & Power Growth Fund
Manning & Napier Funds
Marsico Asia Funds
Matthews Funds
Meeder Funds
Merger Fund
Metropolitan West Funds
MFS
Morgan Stanley
Muhlenkamp Fund
Munder Funds
MutualHedge Frontier Legends Fund
Nationwide Funds
Natixis Funds
Navigator Funds
Needham Funds
Neuberger Berman Funds
Nicholas Funds
Northeast Investors Funds
Northern Funds
Nuveen Funds
Oakmark Funds
Oberweis Funds
Olstein Funds
OppenheimerFunds
Orinda Funds
Osterweis Fund
Pacific Advisors Funds
Pacific Life
Paradigm Funds
Parnassus Funds
Pax World Funds
Payden & Rygel Funds
Permanent Portfolio Fund
Perritt Funds
PIMCO Funds
PineBridge Funds
Pioneer Investments
PNC Funds
Portfolio 21 Fund
Power Income Fund
PrimeCap Odyssey Funds
Princeton Managed Futures Fund
Principal Funds
Private Capital Management
ProFunds
Prudential Investments
Putnam Investments
Quaker Funds
Quantitative Funds
Rainier Funds
Ridgeworth Investment
RiverNorth Funds
Robeco Funds
Roge Partners Funds
Royce Funds
RS Investments
Russell Investments
Salient Forward Funds
Sammons Retirement Solutions
Schneider Funds
Schroder Funds
Schwab Funds
Scout Funds
SEI Funds
Selected Funds
Sentinel Funds
Shelton Funds
Sierra Funds
SIM Funds
Sit Funds
Smead Funds
Snow Funds
Sound Shore Fund
SSgA Funds
Stadion Funds
Steward Funds
Swan Funds
T Rowe Price Funds
TCW Funds
TFS Market Neutral Fund
Third Avenue Funds
Thompson Plumb Funds
Thornburg Funds
TIAA-CREF Funds
Timothy Plan
Tocqueville Funds
Toews Funds
Torray Funds
Touchstone Funds
Transamerica Funds
Transparent Value Funds
Turner Funds
Tweedy Browne Funds
US Global Investors Funds
Van Eck Global Funds
Vanguard Funds
Victory Funds
Villere Funds
Virtus Funds
Voya Investment Management
Vulcan Funds
Wasatch Funds
WBI Funds
Weitz Funds
Wells Fargo Advantage Funds
Westcore Funds
Western Asset Management
Westwood Funds
William Blair Funds
Wilmington Funds
Winslow Green Funds
Wintergreen Funds
All share classes may not be available for all funds.
Product availability changes from time to time. Contact us directly if you have questions about specific products.
Mutual Funds are sold by prospectus. Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about the mutual fund. The prospectus can be obtained by contacting a financial advisor. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
Entities listed here outside of AIG companies are not affiliated with Royal Alliance Associates.

Ready to Live Large and Speak Loud?
Making a move is a big change. By providing us with a little information about you and your background, we can propose solutions customized for your situation. Please complete and submit the form below and we will be in touch very soon.

 First Name  *
Last Name  *
Email  *
Phone 
...and this is totally optionalGross Dealer Concession 
Total Assets Under Management 
Reason for considering a move 
Questions or Comments 
 CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. *




This box is for spam protection - please leave it blank


		  
		  






















 


	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started









































	John Hancock Investments - Who is Rainier Investment Management?
























































Site access restricted

The selected website is for institutional consultant and analyst use only.  Per your existing registration profile, access to this website is restricted.
       
    





                







        
       
       Thank you!
       
    





        
       
       For your security, a confirmation email has been sent to .  Please check your inbox and follow the instructions.

       
    





        
       
       Thank you!
       
    





        
       
       For your security, a confirmation email has been sent to: .  Please check your inbox and follow the instructions.
       
    





    





























                 
            














The page you are trying to view requires that you have been verified as a financial advisor. If you have provided your email information, you should be able to access this page within the next 1-2 days. If you have questions or need assistance, please contact John Hancock Investments at 800-225-6020.
























Non-U.S. investors


Investor login

|

Order literature















            
         
        
         
        

        















Funds


College savings


Viewpoints


Resources


About us

 







ASSET CLASS



-


Alternative and specialty




-


Asset allocation




-


Domestic equity




-


Global and international




-


Income




MUTUAL FUNDS



-


Daily prices




-


Performance




-


Morningstar ratings




EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS



CLOSED-END FUNDS



-


Daily prices




-


Performance




MANAGED ACCOUNTS



-


Separate accounts











OVERVIEW



COLLEGE SAVINGS BASICS



-


College savings strategies




-


Compare your options




-


Comparison chart




-


FAQs




CALCULATORS AND TOOLS



-


Advisor Resources




-


Investor Resources




-


College savings planner




-


Cost of waiting




-


Financial aid estimator




-


State tax calculator




JOHN HANCOCK FREEDOM 529



-


Daily prices




-


Forms




-


Investment options




-


Performance











CATEGORIES



-


Global market outlook




-


Market Intelligence




-


Videos




-


Viewpoints




-


Weekly market recap




-


White papers




TOPICS



-


Asset Allocation




-


Fixed income opportunities




-


Investing for growth




-


Managing volatility











FORMS



-


Forms




-


Mutual fund prospectuses




-


Order literature




INVESTOR EDUCATION



-


Browse Resources




-


Investing ideas




-


Seminars




CALCULATORS AND TOOLS



-


Portfolio Insight™




-


Calculators




-


iDiversify™




-


Hypotheticals




TAX PLANNING



-


Tax Center




-


Tax information




-


2017 Tax reference guide




-


FAQs




-


Forms




-


Tax Equivalent Yield Calculator




RETIREMENT PLANNING



-


Overview




-


Calculators




-


Compare your options




-


IRA center




-


Required Minimum Distribution guide




MY PROFILE







DISCOVER OUR DIFFERENT APPROACH
ABOUT JOHN HANCOCK INVESTMENTS
IN THE NEWS









Share:
                





 







 




















Back to Rainier Growth

               Who is Rainier Investment Management?
            




Brian Bader, director of Rainier Investment Management, answers the question "Who is Rainier Investment Management?".



Get the Flash Player to see this video.








Team Approach

Mark Broughton, CFA
Portfolio Manager
Rainier Investment Management






The opinions expressed herein are subject to change. No forecasts are guaranteed. This presentation is provided for informational purposes only and is not an endorsement of any security, mutual fund, sector or index. Rainier Investment Management, John Hancock Funds and their affiliate employees and clients may hold or trade the securities mentioned in this presentation.

Rainier Investment Management is the sub-adviser to the John Hancock Rainier Growth Fund. John Hancock Funds, LLC is the distributor for John Hancock Mutual Funds.

Large-capitalization stocks as a group could fall out of favor with the market, causing the Fund to underperform investments that focus on small- or medium-capitalization stocks. The Fund is considered non-diversified and may invest more than 5% of assets in securities of individual companies. If the Fund invests heavily in a single issuer, its performance could suffer significantly from adverse events affecting that issuer.









About us


FAQs


Privacy policy


Legal


Careers


Retirement plans


John Hancock


Contact us




    



© 1999–2017 John Hancock Funds, LLC and affiliated companies. Member FINRA | SIPC, 601 Congress Street, Boston, MA 02210.


Click here to view a prospectus or summary prospectus. You may also request one from your financial advisor or by calling us at 800-225-5291. The prospectus includes investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should consider carefully before investing.

NOT FDIC INSURED. MAY LOSE VALUE. NO BANK GUARANTEE. NOT INSURED BY ANY GOVERNMENT AGENCY.








Version 18.3.32.86












