 








FOREVER LIVING PRODUCT WITH OBAMA AND MECKY PEREIRA - YouTube 


 
  



























































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    FOREVER LIVING PRODUCT WITH OBAMA AND MECKY PEREIRA
  



 










Mecky Pereira













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Mecky Pereira?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe12 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Statistics



Add translations

1,080 views







27

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



28


0

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1











Loading...
    










Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Jul 17, 2015Video Editing and Music by RAJ .https://www.facebook.com/discoverfore.... Visit my official page of Forever Living. Make money along with Health.Also watch , The Story of Forever Living with RAJhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6uoe... 



      Category
    

People & Blogs




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Motivation by Mandeep Kamboj at Mumbai Success Day
  

     - Duration: 38:23.
  
flpindia
40,502 views



38:23














    Forever Living Aloe Body Toning KIt Demonstration
  

     - Duration: 12:23.
  
Emma and Leigh Joy-Staines
114,963 views



12:23





    Rolf Kipp's Lifestyle  - Forever Living Products
  

     - Duration: 2:48.
  
nm9to5
31,531 views



2:48





    Forever Living Global Rallies with Mecky Pereira and Malvi
  

     - Duration: 2:41.
  
Mecky Pereira
180 views



2:41





    Forever Living Products: Dominican Republic Plantation
  

     - Duration: 2:27.
  
Forever Living Products (UK)
140,103 views



2:27





    How to Make Money with Forever Living Products
  

     - Duration: 5:19.
  
Forever Living
25,808 views



5:19





    Forever Living Products - Honest Review
  

     - Duration: 22:47.
  
Average Jane
4,245 views



22:47





    Forever Living Products global rally 2017
  

     - Duration: 12:12.
  
Arpit Vaid
24,401 views



12:12





    Processing Aloe Vera Plantation Tour | Forever Living
  

     - Duration: 2:21.
  
FLP Forever Living
279,730 views



2:21





    Bright Tooth Gel vs commercial brand toothpaste
  

     - Duration: 1:00.
  
SHITI SHIRKE
131,515 views



1:00





    Aloe Vera Gels from Forever Living Products (Hindi)
  

     - Duration: 6:09.
  
Yatin FLP
243,528 views



6:09





    Introduction to Forever Living Products
  

     - Duration: 4:12.
  
Ferdous Mahmood
22,733 views



4:12





    Testing : Forever Living Products Stabilized Aloevera Gel v/s Indian Market Aloevera Gel
  

     - Duration: 2:38.
  
Forever Living India
324,336 views



2:38





    The Story of Forever Living with RAJ & MECKY
  

     - Duration: 2:31.
  
Mecky Pereira
96 views



2:31





    La qualité FLP FOREVER LIVING PRODUCTS
  

     - Duration: 5:17.
  
FLP T-Oujda
762 views



5:17





    World's Largest Aloe Vera Plantation Owned by Forever Living Products
  

     - Duration: 5:16.
  
aloe natics
23,224 views



5:16





    Forever Living Clean 9 - Weight Loss, Cleansing in 9 days
  

     - Duration: 7:08.
  
kingstal90
161,653 views



7:08





    Top 10 reasons to drink Aloe Vera
  

     - Duration: 3:27.
  
Katalin Hidvegi
603,189 views



3:27





    Forever Living Products  25th Edition Cologne spray/ Perfume Spray
  

     - Duration: 1:06.
  
Katalin Hidvegi
9,302 views



1:06





    Obama reveals his "retirement plans"
  

     - Duration: 4:23.
  
CBSN
1,091,207 views



4:23




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 





Raj V's Profile (903501)  - ProductReview.com.au






















 



Toggle search



Toggle navigation
























                Write a review
            



                Sign in
            





Browse
                        Categories
                        








                                    Appliances
                                



                                    Automotive Accessories
                                



                                    Babies & Kids
                                



                                    Cars
                                



                                    Electronics
                                



                                    Finance
                                



                                    Furniture & Bedding
                                



                                    Garden & Power Tools
                                



                                    Health & Beauty
                                



                                    Home Care
                                



                                    Insurance
                                



                                    Kitchenware
                                



                                    Motorbikes
                                



                                    Pet Products
                                



                                    Services
                                



                                    Shops
                                



                                    Travel
                                
















Raj V's Profile
                
                




Member since:
January 22, 2016.
Location:
Sydney




                    8reviews




                    3answers




                    8helpful votes




        Review distribution (8)
    



                    Excellent
                




                    5
                



                    Good
                




                    1
                



                    OK
                




                    1
                



                    Bad
                



                    0
                



                    Terrible
                




                    1
                





Reviews




Date
Product/Service
Review
Rating
Views




Jun 04, 2017

Hoover DYC 8713BX


Worst dryer ever!





 



334


Jun 04, 2017

Fisher & Paykel DH8060P1


I love this dryer!!





 



2,572


Nov 05, 2016

Kia Sorento


Liked it so much I got another Sorento
1





 



5,725


Apr 18, 2016

Fitbit Blaze


Excellent fitness tracker and looks smart
4





 



730


Feb 06, 2016

LG WT-R10806 / WT-R10856


OK but would not buy again
1





 



7,216


Feb 09, 2016

Westinghouse WVE626S / WVE626W


Good honest double oven
1





 



5,290


Feb 05, 2016

Samsung Series 7 JU7000


Very impressive TV





 



7,338


Jan 22, 2016

Mitsubishi L4 Grande / Mini


Huge and quiet fridge.
1





 



13,303






Answers




Date
Product
Question
Answer




Jun 27, 2016

Westinghouse WVE626S / WVE626W


With the small oven on bottom, is it used regul...

Hi Mrsrb10,
We use it all the time. We use it ...


Mar 22, 2016

LG WT-R10806 / WT-R10856


Is there  a filter that catches the fluff?

Hi Kathy,

No filter. All the lint gets redis...


Jan 24, 2016

Mitsubishi L4 Grande / Mini


I bought Mitsubishi L4 Grande about three weeks...

Hi Sally,

We have not had this issue at all ...














Close












Close

 



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Raj Singh's Mostly Tech Thoughts – Mostly Product
















































Skip to content



Raj Singh's Mostly Tech Thoughts
Mostly Product

Menu











SXSW 2016: Messaging Bots 

My most recent post on LinkedIn cross-posted here.
————————————
This past weekend, I had the pleasure of moderating the “Testing Your (Aritificial) Intelligence” panel at SXSW. On the panel, we had Dror Oren from Kasisto (vertical messaging assistant for banking), Alex Lebrun from Facebook M (horizontal messaging assistant) and Dimitra Vergryi from SRI (runs the speech research lab). Much of our early discussion was regarding the future of assistants in-part drawing on some of my experiences from SRI and Tempo AI but we quickly moved to the hot topic of messaging bots and the role of AI.
If you’re not familiar with messaging bots, I encourage you to read “The Bot Paradigm” from The Information as well as Jonathan Libov’s super-aggregation of messaging UX design. In short, messaging (communication) represents our primary workflow (day-to-day) and as exemplified by applications like WeChat, messaging can be used to facilitate other experiences (eg shopping, sending money, customer support).
This new modality has the disruptive potential of replacing all app experiences and if so, would represent an opportunity as significant as the iPhone App Store was to publishers.
Some panel takeaways:

Horizontal (general purpose) assistants are hard! Users do not know what to ask nor remember what primary use case to use the assistant for. In addition, the technical complexity of the system is exponentially greater in that you have to deal with out of context and extreme queries. For example, Alex mentioned they no longer intend to support “pet delivery” in FB M since that’s a use case out of their machine automation wheelhouse.
Standalone messaging apps don’t stand a chance. I found this feedback interesting in that they are advocating that messaging bot experiences need to be built upon the existing large players (eg WhatsApp, Slack, Facebook Messenger, Google Hangouts etc). This intuitively makes sense since the App Store is no longer a great growth channel.
App bot discovery and the ultimate app store for messaging bots is still unclear. Having played with the app store within FB Messenger, I found the workflow to be sub-par. Alex and Dror suggested displaying related app bots as you type within Messenger (in-context). This certainly would be an improvement at  smaller scale but will remain a challenge if we have 100s of K of messaging bots. The ultimate design of the APIs that the messaging apps provide will be critical.
Personas are necessary for messaging bots to. I found this interesting in that personas can certainly lighten the mood and set expectations but can also be tiring when you want expedience. See slides I presented on mobile AI/UX design at SXSW a previous year (wish I had a video of the presentation with the voice-over).
Machine-powered conversational NLP is a very long-way out. Dror felt you must go vertical and thus their focus on the banking sector. Alex said that the FB research team described conversational NLP as level 10 technical difficulty and AlphaGo as level 1 (my FB post on the AlphaGo AI milestone). All of the panelists also acknowledged that building a data corpus (collection of queries/conversation) for training is the real challenge in any AI application.
Key initial industries to be disrupted by messaging bots were financial services, customer service, commerce and travel. Not surprisingly, some of these categories are identical to what we saw with early vertical Siri-clones.

In summary, messaging bots represent the next growth channel and will spawn new billion dollar opportunities; excited to see it happen!





Reflecting on the Productivity Category 

My most recent post on LinkedIn cross-posted here.
————————————
Having spent the last 4 years working in the productivity category, I wanted to share some learnings from the space. Note, everything below is slanted towards an early-stage startup ultimately selling prosumer to SMB.
1/ Individually vs Group Useful
Sometimes called single-player vs multi-player mode but the premise is the same. Is your app useful to the individual or useful to a group (eg workplace).
For example, Asana is useful in a group but not so much as an individual. Evernote is useful to the individual but not so much in a group. Rare apps like Dropbox are both but this is not a requirement. Given that productivity apps typically touch personal data, they are not generally viral. Brainstorm ways to be both individually and group useful.
2/ Direct-to-Prosumer vs Top-Down
Is your app B2C or B2B – the trend is to drive prosumer adoption and then to sell to the SMB. Yammer pioneered this model; Xobni extended this model and in some instances it can even backfire such as when Microsoft asked their employees to uninstall the Xobni plugin.
If your app is direct-to-prosumer, you need to think about whether you can really get to 100s of M of users or 10s of M at a really high price-point. Evernote is probably the best example and is still struggling with accelerating freemium growth.
With SMB deployment, you can charge a higher SAAS price-point plus drive more seats. Ideally, you can achieve this without a sales team like Slack and Github have demonstrated but realistically, you will need an inside sales team and ignoring this reality is why I’ve seen many productivity app developers fail.
3/ Replacing In a Category vs Creating a Category
Are you an app the SMB already pays for or something they don’t yet pay for? Slack, as an example is a new category in that SMBs did not previously pay for chat. However, if are a “Todo” app, you are probably competing with an already existing tool such a Jira that the SMB pays for. Getting a company to switch tools is hard and thus why I recommend targeting super-SMBs when replacing in a category.
4/ Create Lock-In
Most productivity apps aggregate some cloud data (files, CRM etc). In the PIM (email, calendar, address book) category, we aggregated email accounts (Google, Exchange, iCloud). Being an aggregator means we are the presentation layer. But without any content exclusively stored in our system, the user can switch presentation layers without penalty.
To create lock-in, some options:
(a) Store some content exclusively
(b) Require upfront customization such as Salesforce
(c) Introduce paid; this will be the best thing you can ever do and will improve all of your metrics
(d) Achieve network effect. Hard to pull of but if you get it, hold on to it!
5/ Be Pervasive
Productivity is a lifestyle and is integrated across personal and work. Although mobile-first is my recommendation, don’t discount laptop usage at the workplace. Apps must be avail on all screens otherwise you are destined to fail.
6/ Have a Macro Thesis
Product management in productivity is hard – there is no 80/20. Workflows are unique to each individual and attempting to change and behave like a coach is exceptionally hard except when managed down (eg everyone has to use Expensify). It’s best to embrace the existing workflow and improve while also maintaining a macro product thesis. Without a thesis, your resultant app will look like the Settings dialogue in Office.
7/ Don’t Be Too Smart
As I’ve written previously, I believe predictive intelligence will be a new layer on all apps. But in the productivity, trust is always the #1 feature. Failing to sync an email will be an immediate deal-breaker. Optimize on precision (accuracy) vs recall (# of results) and ask the user when unsure versus being too smart. Although most contact mergers are pretty good, the 1 out of 10 times they fail is why many don’t embrace.







 
Product dude and mostly mobile stuff. You can email me at raj at rajansingh dot com or follow me @mobileraj 
Read more

Follow Blog via Email

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.







 


My Tweets  Older Posts 

SXSW 2016: Messaging Bots
March 17, 2016


Reflecting on the Productivity Category
October 5, 2015


Tech Discrimination
August 12, 2015


Daily Active Users Don’t Matter!
March 12, 2015


IOT: The Competition for Attention
March 12, 2015


How Google and Others Are Using Data Science to Speed Up Productivity
February 15, 2015


Why I’m Excited About Google Glass?
May 14, 2013


Context Is a Layer and Not a Category
November 27, 2012


Sales 2.0: The Bottoms-Up Sales Model
July 17, 2012


Is UX Going to be Commoditized Next?
February 24, 2012


To Win Enterprise, Target the Consumer
February 10, 2012


Using a Chromebook for a Week
September 29, 2011


Android (and the Tab!) in the Enterprise
May 12, 2011


Ad Learnings from Recipe Search
April 29, 2011


CPA Advertising on Mobile
April 9, 2011


Enterprise Mobile Is Hot!
April 9, 2011


Network Responsibility
January 23, 2011


In-Door Mapping
January 23, 2011


The Social Network
November 10, 2010


Using a Mobile Phone to Drive Behavior Change
November 8, 2010


Apps vs. Web Apps
October 6, 2010


Understanding Developer Psychology
September 28, 2010


Are Batteries Improving?
September 19, 2010


Over the Air and Emerging Markets
September 19, 2010


Are Platform Game Lobbies the Next Social Graph?
August 18, 2010


Are Plugins (and Flash) Going Away?
July 15, 2010


Lessons Learned in Monetization
July 15, 2010


Understanding the Emerging Market
June 24, 2010


OEMs, Please Choose
June 10, 2010


Understanding PDE (Positional Determining Entity)
June 10, 2010


Has the Power Shifted Back to Operators?
June 10, 2010


Is the Killer App the App Store?
May 5, 2010


Navigating the Mobile Content Landscape
April 21, 2010


Wholesale Application Community
April 15, 2010


Sharing Overload?
April 14, 2010


The Ad Ballot
March 31, 2010


Device Patent Wars
March 7, 2010


Is Apple Making a Mobile Wallet Play?
March 7, 2010


Top 6 Reasons Why Nokia Doesn’t Have a Capacitive Touch Screen
January 28, 2010


Mobile Trends 2020
January 15, 2010


Mobile Taking a Cue From the Travel Industry
January 10, 2010


CTIA Party Analysis
January 4, 2010


Geo-Monopolies?
December 11, 2009


Measuring AT&Ts Network
December 11, 2009


Mobile Cloud Computing
November 11, 2009


Mobile Beyond & NARIP
November 8, 2009


Mobile 2.0 Advertising Notes
November 8, 2009


Carnival of the Mobilists #193
September 28, 2009


The Broken Subscription Model
September 9, 2009


The Mobile Reserve
August 20, 2009


The Fragmented Web
July 29, 2009


Got to Love the Music Industry
May 22, 2009


What Platforms Should I Build For?
May 22, 2009


To Operator or to Not to Operator
April 9, 2009


What Do Bankers Do?
March 29, 2009


My Older Posts
March 29, 2009


 



















Post to



Cancel







 


















































































































































 







Raj v. GlaxoSmithKline LLC































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










June 12, 2017
Raj v. GlaxoSmithKline LLC



Track this case


Case Number:
1:17-cv-11076
Court:
Massachusetts
Nature of Suit:
Personal Injury: Health Care/Pharmaceutical Personal Injury Product Liability
Judge:
F. Dennis Saylor, IV
Firms

Baron & Budd

Companies

GlaxoSmithKline

Sectors & Industries:


Healthcare

Major










View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In



















	Raj V. Raheja | Best Friends Acquisition Corp. Washington 











































                    Raj V. Raheja
                























            Raj V. Raheja's
            Biography




Type Of Business:

                    Pet hotel and veterinary clinic
                


Marketing Area:

                    Regional; National
                


Expertise:

                    Strategic development
                


Major Product/SVS:

                    Hospitality and health care services for pets
                


Hobbies/Sports:

                    Golfing; Trading stocks; Reading; Sports
                


Education Degrees:

                    Master's Degree in Professional Accounting, Edwards School of Business, University of Saskatchewan; Bachelor's Degree in Accounting and Finance, Simon Fraser University
                


Charity:

                    Sant Nirankari Mandal (Regd.)
                


Number Of Years In Profession:

                    9
                


Number Of Years In Current Position:

                    4
                


What Does He/She Attribute Success To:

                    He attributes his success to his persistence and willingness to take chances and risks.
                


Extended Bio Profile:

                    At age 27, Mr. Raheja began working as the director of finance of a $40 million business that needed cost controls, processes and an effective business backbone on which reporting and business analysis could be performed. In two years, the private equity group had performed 13 acquisitions with no combination or transition plan in place. In addition, the company was losing money as no transition provisions had been created to effectively combine the acquired organizations. Since 2009, Mr. Raheja, along with the chief executive officer, have increased profitability by 68 percent in tough economic times, doubled the cash flow and paid down debt to a manageable level where money can start to be reinvested into the business. The business is in a very good place today. Mr. Raheja officially took over as chief financial officer at age 30.
                


Position Responsibilities and Duties:

                    Working with high-level executives; Presenting projections; Managing relationships with banks; Managing human resources; Planning the strategic direction of the company
                


Education Certifications:

                    Chartered Accountant
                


Where Will You Be In 5 Years:

                    In the years to come, Mr. Raheja hopes to become either a consultant or a chief operating officer.
                










                    Copyright © 2013 Worldwide Branding, LLC     
			Terms and Conditions  |  
			Privacy Policy  |  
			Remove from Mailings









Phani Raj K's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Phani Raj K#29905@prkvsProduct Managerprkvs.github.io236Following71FollowersFollow12 UpvotesEcho ShowAmazon Echo now has a screen Tech+ 2 save 1054 72Batting AverageYour personal batting managerTech save 79 22reddit TVWatch the best videos on redditTech+ 2 save 392 20LiveSurfaceVisualize your design in the real world.Tech save 68 2Good Web BundleSupport great indie sites & apps for yourself or as a giftTech save 93 6GfycatTurn GIFs into lightweight HTML5 videos that you can shareTech save 105 3CS183B - Startup ClassStanford class taught by Sam Altman & guest speakersTech save 710 16CleartripKAYAK.com for India and Middle EastTech save 20 4MySQLThe world's second most widley used open-source RDMSTech save 24 1Raspberry Pi ZeroThe $5 computerTech save 384 0Celigo Excel SmartClient for NetSuiteA powerful Excel-based data manipulation tool for NetSuiteTech+ 1 save 4 0x.comFrom the makers for SpaceX, Model XTech save 7 3Share this profile









Product Review | Red Raj Henna by Henna Sooq 


 























































Lavishly Natural4C Natural Hair. DIY Recipes. Natural Health & Wellness.Product Review | Red Raj Henna by Henna Sooq
July 17, 2014 Erica King 
Hello Beautiful!
A couple of months ago I was seduced by a gorgeous henna gloss bar review that had me SO excited, I went right to the site to get it!
Unfortunately, they were sold out of the gloss bar, but not the large selection of henna products, oils, shampoo bars, essential oils, and more.
Since I’d been having a problem with grey hair, I looked at their henna selection.
Lavish was intrigued by the red raj henna.
Red Raj is named after the region of India it comes from (Rajasthan). It’s high in lawsone content, which is the main ingredient that dyes hair it’s rich red tones.
Or in my case, totally transforming my grey situation!
Henna Sooq’s Red Raj Henna is body art quality (BAQ) and $10.
I placed my order on a Monday. I had it in my hands by Wednesday night. Plus — it came with a free sample of a shampoo bar. I LOVE Shampoo Bars!  
 
NATURALISTA WORD OF CAUTION:
Be very careful when using henna. It has a permanent effect on your hair and can loosen your curl pattern. Test a strand of your hair first to make sure you like the effects (look, feel, texture) it has on your hair.
 
I’ve used henna and had great results.
I’ve also put henna on my hair and been left with straw-like strands. 
I missed my tight, coily, cottony curls, and didn’t realize that my curl pattern would be affected.
It’s part of what led to my second big chop. 
Don’t let this happen to your beautiful hair.
Do your research, consult a professional if you need to, and: 
Moisturize With Purpose
I researched how to keep my curl pattern while experiencing all the conditioning benefits of henna.
My search led me to a wonderful recipe from @GabrielleMwangi of My Natural Hair Growth. Once I saw those beets, I knew this was the recipe for me.
You know how I feel about beets!

The Mix 
100 grams red raj henna 
2 beets
2/3 cup hibiscus flowers
Enough water to cover the beets 

Cover beets with water and bring to a boil
Once boiling turn off heat and add hibiscus.
Let this cool until warm. Strain the beets and hibiscus from the tea. Slowly add the tea to the henna.
Mix until the henna has a pancake consistency.
Let sit for 6 hours or overnight for dye release.

 
I mixed this with the tea

I strained out all of the leaves and flowers.

I let this mix sit overnight in a sealed container. This is what it looked like the next morning before the stir:

I stirred the henna and started making my amla treatment to mix in.

According to Henna Sooq’s Instructions & Brochure (that comes with the order) amla powder can be used to:


create browner tones


give your hair great volume


help maintain curly hair pattern during henna treatment


promotes hair growth



What Is Amla? 
Amla, also known as Indian Gooseberry, is a fruit that belongs to the Euphorbiaceae family (a large family of flowering plants).
Amla Benefits*:

strengthens hair roots
high in Vitamin C, carotene, and iron
prevents dandruff
nourishes the brain
reduces hair loss
improves mental functioning
helps prevent greying of hair
improves luster
gives hair volume
improves skin health
increases vitality
promotes healthier hair
helps define natural curls

 
You could add amla directly to the henna, or use it as a separate treatment.
I opted to add mine to the henna.
Since amla powder darkens the red tones of henna dye, I wanted as much red in my highlights as I could get. For this, I mixed in hibiscus powder with the amla.
If you’d like the full recipe to add amla to your henna mix, see my Amla & Hibiscus Curl Defining Deep Conditioner Recipe.

After this was done I added it to the henna, along with 2 tablespoons of Tea Tree Tingle Conditioner.

I added vanilla essential oil and stirred one more time before applying.

The mix was more like cake batter and I was concerned it may drip while conditioning. It didn’t thank goodness!
I wrapped my hair with saran wrap, put a baggie over that, and a plastic bag over that. I then wrapped my hair with a scarf and went on about my day!

The henna stayed on my hair for about an hour.
I  rinsed it out with Trader Joe’s Tea Tree Tingle.

 
Rinsing it out was easier than I expected. I have very thick, coarse hair so grainy things like to hide in my kinks. This rinsed out well with plain water. 
It didn’t stain everything like some henna powders do and that was good. The powder was also lighter and the henna scent (which I love) was also lighter with this henna.
The Results
This was what my hair looked like after the wash. It was already starting to dry!

 
I noticed immediately that there was less shedding. There was hardly any hair to pick up after the wash!
My hair feels shinier and my curl pattern looked even more defined.
My curls were more elongated and they have stayed this way ever since – which I love! 
What Happened To The Grey?
The henna gave me a beautiful gloss that has made my hair have a deeper natural shine.
The grey’s are now more like a honey blonde!
They were more red on the first day but I do love blonde highlights.

 I loosely flat-twisted the front and gently pulled my hair into a bun for it to dry.
 
My hair was and is still (about 2 weeks later) soft, shiny, and feels like it could do a full set of pull ups. Feels really strong, but not hard and crunchy!

 
This is definitely my new color solution for the greys!
I give Henna Sooq’s Red Raj Henna 5 stars and will definitely order from them again!
I still have enough for another mix, so I froze the remaining henna.
I’ll probably do another treatment when my hair starts to cook up a few more silver strands:)
Enter to win a box (100 grams) of red raj henna by clicking here.
Click on some additional photos from the week…
*Organic Facts, Health Benefits of Indian Gooseberry or Amla   
 
 
 
 








Tam



Love the post! I like the Red Raj Henna and I often use coconut milk and
 hibiscus tea when mixing it up. I like using Shea Moisture deep
treatment masque after I henna so my hair to avoid those straw like
curls. I love how it turns my grey hairs fire red. I have never used
beets before in the mixture, will try that next.






Lavish



Your hair is LAVISHLY GORGEOUS Tam – thanks for posting a photo! You’ve inspired me to try coconut milk AND hibiscus tea together…coconut milk would have been good in this recipe, it’s so luscious! I’m definitely looking forward to even more fiery red highlights next time:)








Khadija Dawn Carryl



Love this post!!! How amazing is this!
Anytime you’d like to run a giveaway or promotion we’d love to assist with that. Email us anytime!
Thank you again! xo
Khadija




Pingback: Week 7 | Deep Conditioning (Includes Red Raj Henna Video) - Lavishly Natural()



Pingback: Lavishly Natural Red Raj Henna, Beets and Hibiscus | Henna Blog Spot()





Dionne Glover



I use Red Raj too but I’ve never thought about putting beets in it!  I’m definitely going to try this.  Do you think it really helps with getting more red coloring in your hair?  Or with covering the gray’s?  I have gray all along my front hairline and sometimes it doesn’t seem to take the coloring very well.







Feelin’ the Natural Hair Love?





Sign Up for Weekly Natural Hair Tips & Remedies







Hello Goddess, I’m Erica
Welcome to Lavishly Natural! A few things about me: I have a thing for fresh cactus gel and aloe vera leaves. Fenugreek seeds are the new flaxseeds and mini twists will change the world. 
View My Blog Posts
Popular Posts
60-Day Hair Growth Challenge ResultsTop 5 Essential Oils for Luscious Hair GrowthDIY Coconut Shea Butter9 Ylang Ylang Benefits for Your Hair & Body

 


Search for Recipe Goodness…

Recipe of the Month

The Best DIY Hair Growth Oil!

Natural Hair Care Recipes & Remedies

 











