


Welcome to Rajgopalrndconsult.com

















 



+91-265-6581333

+91-9558189364
CIN U73100GJ2014PTC080853



 


 








HOME
COMPANY >>

Company Profile
Board of Directors
Key Persons


SERVICES
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT >>

Overview
Specialty & Fine Chemicals
Drug Intermediates
APIs


DSIR BENEFITS
INFORMATION
CONTACT

 




 

























Our Aim To Help Eligible and R&D Inclined Indian Industries










Rajgopal R&D Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. provides complete research and development solutions to R&D inclined Indian Industries and understand well the myriad of government grants and incentives available to R&D and make sure their clients get all they deserve. Additionally, the company offers product development activities to chemical & pharmaceutical companies. 

                        Rajgopal R&D Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. team encompasses of highly qualified, experienced and research motivated professionals who are specialized in assisting manufactures, technology, export orientated and other growth companies.










Services
 
DSIR Benefits
 
Product Development






Certifications Consulting



 Consulting for Government Funding Projects & Schemes



 Helping Scientific Writing 
                          (Patents & Publications) and publishing



 Helps in Industry-Academia Collaboration



 Consult for new product innovation and improvement in processes 



 Literature support to R&D


 
 


 



Weighted Deduction of 200% in Income Tax for 3 years on R&D expenses 



Duty free import of specified goods 



Duty free import of Pharmaceutical reference standards



Accelerated depreciation allowance for investment on plant and machinery



Support in the form of loans/grants for industrial R&D 



Financial support to meet the developmental expenditure for R&D 


 
 


 

Rajgopal R&D Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. deals with the product/process development activity of specialty chemicals, pharma intermediates and API’s. 




Our Product Range




Specialty & Fine Chemicals 
View Details





 Boronic
                            Acids
Alcohols


Catalysts
Iodo Derivatives



 




APIs 
View Details




β-Lactams
 


Other APIs
 


 
 




Drug Intermediates
View Details




Drug Intermediates
 







 



Information










There are various competitive grants and loans made available by Government of India via Drug Development Promotion Board (DDPB) under the administrative control of Department of Science & Technology (DST) designed to support innovation and its commercialization.

Read More 







 


Events 




























 


 
 



Home |        
            
            Company |
            
            Services |
            
            Product Development |
            
            DSIR Benefits |
            
            Information |
            
            Contact
© rajgopalrndconsult.com, All rights reserved            




 







Rajgopal - Products | Uniform Fabrics





























 
Menu  


Home
About Us
Products
Testimonials
Contact Us












 Products | Uniform Fabrics 




 

Corporate Uniforms
We manufacture a good range of  high quality corporate uniform fabrics. After all, how your employees dress defines your organization's image. 
Send Enquiry 




 

Safety Wear
We manufacture the best quality Work Wear fabrics with special finishes such as Fire Retardant and Water Repellent.
Send Enquiry 




 

School Uniforms
We manufacture a wide range of long-lasting and shrink resistant School Uniform fabrics from 100% Cotton and Superior Quality Yarns in wide varieor of prints and colors.
Send Enquiry 















Home Page for Jayant Rajgopal


      























Jayant Rajgopal,  



              Professor
                  & Graduate Program Director








  




















SCHEDULE:
                          SPRING, 2017
E
                            2001: Operations Research:
                                Thu. 5:20 PM to 8:00 PM
(with a break between 6:35 and
                              6:45)
ENGR
                            1600: Global Engineering Technology
                            (INNOVATE):  Tue. 6:30 PM to 8:30
                          PM 
Graduate













                              Seminar: Thu. 3:30 PM to 4:30 PM
Scheduled Research Meetings: 
                            Wed. 12:30 PM - 1:30 PM, 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM;
                            Thu. 8 AM - 10 AM; Fri: 11 AM - 12 PM 

Office Hours:
                              Mon., Wed.:  3:30 PM to 4:30 PM
                              Walk-in consultations at other times when
                              I'm not busy are always welcome! 









 








Contact
                          Information
Jayant Rajgopal

Department
of

































                        Industrial Engineering 
1032 Benedum Hall 
University of
                        Pittsburgh 
Pittsburgh, PA 15261
Tel. +1 412 624
                          9840;   





                           rajgopal@pitt.edu

















        




Rajgopal - Quality Indian manufacturers and exporters of Fabrics, Garments and Upholstery


































 
Menu  


Home
About Us
Products
Testimonials
Contact Us















  
  
  
  
  




"Quality and Care that's what I believe in; Every garment manufactured by Rajgopal reflects just that" ~ Gopal Chandak, Managing Director - Rajgopal

Incorporated in the year 2000, Rajgopal is one of the quality Indian manufacturers and exporters of Shirting Fabrics, Suiting Fabrics, Uniform Fabrics, Garments, Upholstery Fabrics etc. We have our own manufacturing unit which uses state-of-the-art technology to provide our clients with quality products at competitive prices. Read More













Shirting Fabrics

 We manufacture a wide range of quality shirting fabrics including Cotton, Polyester and  Blended Fabrics in a wide amalgamation of colours.  
View Products 




Uniform Fabrics

 We offer a wide range of Safety Wear, School Uniforms and Corporate Uniforms available in various sizes and mezmerising colors. 
View Products 




Garments

 We offer a wide range of Women's and Children's Wear for all age groups available with great finish to refine your fashion statement. 
View Products 




Upholstery Fabrics

  We offer a wide range of Upholstery Fabrics both natural and synthetic. There are many different textures, colors and patterns to choose from. 
View Products 









About Rajgopal


"We, the employees of Rajgopal, proudly pronounce our personal commitment to understand, meet and, when possible, exceed our Customer's Requirements through the continuous improvement of our processes. We are dedicated to delivering defect-free product on-time at the most competitive cost possible".


Shirting & Suiting Fabrics
Uniform Fabrics
Garments
Upholstery






Fabrics Collections























Raj Rajgopal - President, Enterprise, Technology & Solutions at Virtusa Corp.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Raj Rajgopal
President, Enterprise, Technology & Solutions at Virtusa Corp.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Raj Rajgopal
President, Enterprise, Technology & Solutions at Virtusa Corp.



 Overview



Age



57
                                  (Born 1960)
                                              




Notable Companies


Massachusetts Institute of Technology

Virtusa Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,060 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
March 3, 2016





                        Virtusa Completes Acquisition of Majority Interest in Polaris Consulting & Services, Ltd.                    





Business Wire
July 8, 2015





                        Virtusa Named to CRN Solution Provider 500                    





Business Wire
December 19, 2013





                        Virtusa Announces Vasan Srinivasan as Senior Vice President, Banking and Financial Services                    





Business Wire
November 12, 2013





                        Virtusa Announces Vinay Mehta as Vice President, Communications and Content Delivery, North America                    





Business Wire
May 28, 2013





                        Virtusa Announces Executive Leadership Promotions                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Krishan Aruna Canekeratne

Co-Founder at Virtusa Corp.




Samir Dhir

President, Banking & Financial Services at Virtusa Corp.





John Gillis

Co-Founder at Virtusa Corp.




Paul Tutun

Executive Vice President-General Counsel & Assistant Secretary at Virtusa Corp.





Roger Keith Modder

Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President at Virtusa Corp.




Anuranjan Krishnan Kalia

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer & Executive Vice President at Virtusa Corp.





Thomas R. Holler

Executive Vice President & Chief Strategy Officer at Virtusa Corp.




Sundararajan Narayanan

Chief People Officer & Executive Vice President at Virtusa Corp.





Praveen Purushotham

Head-Global Marketing at Virtusa Corp.




Jim Francis

Senior Officer, Global Head of Healthcare, Insurance & Life Sciences at Virtusa Corp.







See 1,050 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,050 More 


 


 Paths to Raj Rajgopal



            Raj Rajgopal          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Raj Rajgopal






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Raj Rajgopal.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University

                  Virginia Tech takes a hands-on, engaging approach to education, preparing scholars to be leaders in their fields and communities. As the commonwealth’s most comprehensive university and its leading research institution, Virginia Tech offers 215 undergraduate and graduate degree programs to more than 30,000 students and manages a research portfolio of more than $450 million. The university fulfills its land-grant mission of transforming knowledge to practice through technological leadership and by fueling economic growth and job creation locally, regionally, and across Virginia.                




 


Indian Institute of Technology Bombay

                  IIT Bombay is a post secondary technological institute offering tech programs.                




 


Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Sloan School of Management

                  MIT Sloan School of Management is the business school of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA. MIT Sloan offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral programs, as well as non-degree executive education. Its largest program is its full-time MBA, which is one of the most selective in the world, with students from more than 60 countries every year, and ranked #1 in more subjects than any other MBA program.                




 


Massachusetts Institute of Technology

                  Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. MIT has five schools and one college, containing a total of 32 academic departments, with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research. Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934.                





 Career History



President, Enterprise, Technology & Solutions

                                    2005 - Current                


Virtusa Corp.


                  Virtusa Corp. engages in the provision of information technology consulting, technology implementation, and application outsourcing services. Its services includes business process management, application services, infrastructure management, enterprise information management, independent validation services, platforming, mobility, enterprise resource planning (ERP) planning, business consulting, customer experience management, and cloud. The company was founded by Krishan A. Canekeratne, Tushara Canekeratne and John Gillis in November 1996 and is headquartered in Westborough, MA.                




President

                                    Current                


Virtusa Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd.


                  Virtusa Consulting Services Pvt Ltd. provides business consulting and outsourcing services. Its services include accelerated solutions design, business process optimization, complex program management, and portfolio assessment. The company is headquartered in Hyderabad, India.                




Vice President-Management Consulting

                                    1990 - 2003                


Cap Gemini Ernst & Young LLC






Executive Director-Communications Futures Program

                                    Prior                


Massachusetts Institute of Technology


                  Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. MIT has five schools and one college, containing a total of 32 academic departments, with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research. Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Raj Rajgopal is affiliated with
                            Virtusa Corp., Virtusa Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd., Cap Gemini Ernst & Young LLC, Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤




















Home Page












Welcome!
Raj, Meena, Priya, Nitya and Nikita Rajgopal
 
Access Priya's Place
 
Arangetram Pictures
 
Trip to Tanzania
First Set
 
Trip to
Tanzania Second Set
 
 
 



