

























Ranger International Management LP Has $1,351,000 Stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for LyondellBasell Industries NV
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor LyondellBasell Industries NV with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

KAMES CAPITAL plc Decreases Position in Ross Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROST)
Efrain Rivera Sells 5,837 Shares of Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX) Stock
Credit Suisse AG Decreases Stake in Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO)
Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE:UNP) EVP Cameron A. Scott Sells 17,604 Shares
J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Has $874,000 Stake in Hershey Company (The) (NYSE:HSY)
SunTrust Banks, Inc. (NYSE:STI) Shares Bought by Park National Corp OH
Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Has $499,000 Stake in Discover Financial Services (DFS)
Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB) Shares Bought by Jane Street Group LLC
Ranger International Management LP Has $1,351,000 Stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB)
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Buys 3,600 Shares of Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC)
Clearbridge Investments LLC Has $1.28 Million Stake in EQT Corporation (EQT)
Regency Centers Corporation’s (NYSE:REG) “Equal Weight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC
Insider Selling: Phibro Animal Health Corporation (NASDAQ:PAHC) Insider Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock
Virtu Financial, Inc. (VIRT) Downgraded by Citigroup Inc.
International Paper Company (IP) to Issue $0.46 Quarterly Dividend
Bank of the Ozarks (NASDAQ:OZRK) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Expectations
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Continues to Hold Stake in Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO)
Fastenal Company (FAST) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.32
EMCORE Corporation (EMKR) Receives $12.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages
Kenneth Desgarennes Sells 20,318 Shares of Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. (ZAYO) Stock


 


Ranger International Management LP Has $1,351,000 Stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB)

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Ranger International Management LP maintained its position in LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 14,815 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Ranger International Management LP’s holdings in LyondellBasell Industries NV were worth $1,351,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV during the first quarter valued at $107,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV by 89.1% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 1,358 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 640 shares in the last quarter. Americafirst Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV by 72.9% in the first quarter. Americafirst Capital Management LLC now owns 2,186 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $199,000 after buying an additional 922 shares in the last quarter. Beacon Investment Advisory Services Inc. bought a new stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV during the first quarter valued at approximately $208,000. Finally, James Investment Research Inc. bought a new stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV during the first quarter valued at approximately $210,000. 72.81% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 




Shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE LYB) opened at 86.87 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $34.99 billion, a PE ratio of 9.94 and a beta of 1.05. LyondellBasell Industries NV has a 12 month low of $71.55 and a 12 month high of $97.64. The company has a 50-day moving average of $82.53 and a 200 day moving average of $86.94. 


 Get LyondellBasell Industries NV alerts:



LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB) last released its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The specialty chemicals company reported $2.00 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.36 by $0.36. LyondellBasell Industries NV had a return on equity of 60.80% and a net margin of 11.67%. The business had revenue of $8.43 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.59 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $2.48 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 25.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that LyondellBasell Industries NV will post $9.72 earnings per share for the current year. 
LyondellBasell Industries NV declared that its board has approved a share repurchase program on Wednesday, May 24th that permits the company to repurchase 1,000% of outstanding shares. This repurchase authorization permits the specialty chemicals company to repurchase shares of its stock through open market purchases. Stock repurchase programs are generally an indication that the company’s board of directors believes its stock is undervalued. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally published by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/ranger-international-management-lp-maintains-position-in-lyondellbasell-industries-nv-nyselyb-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. UBS AG reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $85.00 price target (down from $94.00) on shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV in a research report on Sunday, June 25th. Citigroup Inc. reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV in a research report on Friday, April 14th. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $110.00 price target on shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $88.00 price objective on shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV in a research note on Friday, June 16th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc started coverage on shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV in a research note on Monday, June 26th. They set a “buy” rating and a $101.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.63.
LyondellBasell Industries NV Company Profile
LyondellBasell Industries N.V. is a chemical company. The Company operates in five segments: Olefins and Polyolefins-Americas (O&P-Americas), Olefins and Polyolefins-Europe, Asia, International (O&P-EAI), Intermediates and Derivatives (I&D), Refining and Technology. The O&P-Americas segment produces and markets olefins and co-products, polyethylene and polypropylene. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for LyondellBasell Industries NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LyondellBasell Industries NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 





































About | Ranger Capital Group | Investment Manager | Investment Strategies | Direct Lending



















































 


















        

























No menu assigned!









 
















  















  





About Ranger Capital

Ranger Capital Group is an employee-owned investment company founded in 2001.  We provide full, back-office support for our investment teams, including operations, compliance, technology, marketing and distribution.
At Ranger, we are vigilant stewards of investors’ capital by maintaining the highest ethical standards. We build clients’ trust by favoring long-term returns over short-term gains.












  








  













Ranger’s founding values – outstanding client service, an innovative approach to investing, operating cost effectively, and acting with integrity – still guide us today






  








  











At Ranger, we’re all client service professionals.  From our leadership team to our newest hires, we share an unwavering focus on creating a better investment experience for our clients.  At the core of the decisions we make, no matter how small, we ask ourselves: “Is this the right choice for our clients?”
We encourage innovation and creative thinking, and believe that a mentality of “this is how we’ve always done it” is the enemy of success.  All Rangers have the authority to bring new ideas forward and see where they lead. Because we understand that every great idea began as a new idea.












  








  











Ranger Client Services
Ranger’s client service group keeps our current and prospective clients informed and well represented.  Merely meeting your expectations is not enough; we’re here to exceed them.
Contact Us Today












  













  








  











We operate efficiently and effectively, so that our firm can withstand and thrive in constantly changing markets.  This means constantly improving how we do business, understanding the difference between practices that make sense and those that need replacing.
We etched integrity into our company’s DNA at our founding.  It’s been a critical part of how we do business ever since.  All of our employees, regardless of their title, understand that making the ethical decision is what it means to be a Ranger.












  
















 Ranger Capital Group
2828 N. Harwood Street, Suite 1900
Dallas, Texas 75201
U.S.A.
Investor Relations: +1 (214) 871-5200

 


Ranger Investments
Ranger International
Ranger Lending Funds




Ranger Equity Bear
Ranger Mutual Funds








© 2017 Ranger Capital Group | Investment Manager | Investment Strategies | Direct Lending.  | Your use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms and Conditions of Use. | Site by Ardent Creative 














About Us
Contact


 




 
























Contact | Ranger Capital Group | Investment Manager | Investment Strategies | Direct Lending



















































 


















        

























No menu assigned!









 
















  





CONTACT







  












Phone:
Investor Relations:
(214) 871-5200
Mail:
Ranger Capital Group
c/o Investor Relations
2828 N. Harwood Street, Suite 1900
Dallas, Texas 75201
U.S.A.
Email:
info@rangercap.com






  















Contact form







Name
        *




Company
        




Email
        *




Phone
        *




Question/Comment
        *



By submitting this form, I approve of Ranger Capital Group contacting me.


reCAPTCHA
        
































 Ranger Capital Group
2828 N. Harwood Street, Suite 1900
Dallas, Texas 75201
U.S.A.
Investor Relations: +1 (214) 871-5200

 


Ranger Investments
Ranger International
Ranger Lending Funds




Ranger Equity Bear
Ranger Mutual Funds








© 2017 Ranger Capital Group | Investment Manager | Investment Strategies | Direct Lending.  | Your use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms and Conditions of Use. | Site by Ardent Creative 














About Us
Contact


 




 
























Ranger International Management, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:54 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Ranger International Management, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ranger International Management, LP is a privately owned investment manager. It provides its services to institutional investors such as mutual funds, private funds, and separate accounts. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It employs fundamental analysis along with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The firm obtains external research to make its investments. It invests in companies in diversified sectors. It operates as a subsidiary of Ranger Capital Group, LLC. Ranger International Management, LP was founded in 2010, and is based in Da...
Ranger International Management, LP is a privately owned investment manager. It provides its services to institutional investors such as mutual funds, private funds, and separate accounts. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It employs fundamental analysis along with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The firm obtains external research to make its investments. It invests in companies in diversified sectors. It operates as a subsidiary of Ranger Capital Group, LLC. Ranger International Management, LP was founded in 2010, and is based in Dallas, Texas.
Detailed Description


2828 North Harwood StreetSuite 1900Dallas, TX 75201United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 214-871-5200

Fax: 214-871-5201

www.ranger-international.com







Key Executives for Ranger International Management, L.P.




Mr. William Robert Andersen CFA


      	Chief Investment Officer and Senior Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Jeffery Brent Middleswart


      	Assistant Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. William E. Whiteside CFA, Jr.


      	Senior Analyst and Trader
      








Mr. Thomas Eads Burson


      	Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ranger International Management, L.P., please visit www.ranger-international.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Ranger International Management LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























ranger international management lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Ranger International Management, LP operates as an investment firm. The Company provides investment management and financial advisory services to institutional investors. Ranger International Management serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

273 Market Square
Suite 16
Lake Forest, IL 60045
United States


Phone:
1-214-871-5200


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.ranger-international.com























From The Web











Key Executives


William Robert Andersen


Chief Investment Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Bank Of Montreal (NYSE:BMO) Stake Maintained by Ranger International Management LP



























 
							Friday, 28 July 2017							
							

About Us 
 
Contact Info 
Advertising 








 

 




Latest news

Brit buys new Ferrari, crashes it an hour later
Hambantota Port Agreement To Be Signed Tomorrow PM
EFF makes goodwill gesture to Zulu king
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Stake Held by First Command Bank




Main » Bank Of Montreal (NYSE:BMO) Stake Maintained by Ranger International Management LP


Bank Of Montreal (NYSE:BMO) Stake Maintained by Ranger International Management LP
13 July 2017



The Bank's Wealth Management business serves a range of client segments, from mainstream to ultra-high net worth and institutional, with an offering of wealth management products and services, including insurance. Ranger International Management LP's holdings in Bank Of Montreal were worth $72,546,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Scotiabank decreased their target price on shares of Bank of Montreal from C$107.00 to C$104.00 and set an "outperform" rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. On Tuesday, May 23 the stock rating was upgraded by Barclays Capital to "Equal-Weight". TD Securities upgraded shares of Bank of Montreal from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating and set a C$105.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. They noted that the move was a valuation call. On November 1, 2016 Bank of America issued its first research report on the stock by announcing an initial rating of "Neutral". The company now has a consensus rating of "Hold" and an average target price of C$99.43.At the end of Mar reporting period, 174 institutional holders increased their position in Bank of Montreal (NYSE:BMO) by some 12,113,961 shares, 184 decreased positions by 14,651,540 and 82 held positions by 291,430,734. The company had a trading volume of 536,270 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $49.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.45 and a beta of 1.01.Bank Of Montreal has a 50 day moving average of 69.32 and a 200 day moving average of 73.05.


China sends troops to Djibouti in Africa
China would not seek military expansionism or get into arms races no matter what happened, it said. . Naidu says that Djibouti forms part of a very important security nexus for both China and the US.
Bank of Montreal (NYSE:BMO) produced a 19.74% rally since recording the worst price of $62.32. The bank reported $1.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $1.40 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $5.74 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $5.26 billion. The firm's quarterly revenue was up 12.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter a year ago, the company earned $1.73 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Bank Of Montreal will post $6.14 EPS for the current year. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Bank Of Montreal from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and worldwide copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/07/11/archford-capital-strategies-llc-takes-position-in-bank-of-montreal-bmo-updated-updated.html. Additionally the company declared a dividend for shareholders payable on Monday August 28th, 2017. The dividend will be $0.660 per share for the quarter which comes to $2.64 on an annualized basis. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, July 28th. The third largest holder is Td Asset Management Inc, which now holds $1.85 billion worth of this stock and that ownership represents almost 3.78% of its market capitalization. Bank Of Montreal's dividend payout ratio is presently 43.85%.Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock.As of the end of the quarter Stonebridge Capital Advisors LLC had sold 300 shares trimming its holdings by 8.9%. Mawer Investment Management Ltd. now owns 2,925,520 shares of the bank's stock worth $382,455,000 after buying an additional 79,922 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new stake in Bank Of Montreal during the fourth quarter worth about $426,590,000. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 1,377 shares of the bank's stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 23 shares in the last quarter. HighTower Advisors LLC now owns 60,905 shares of the bank's stock valued at $4,514,000 after buying an additional 2,079 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management Llc who had been investing in Bank Montreal Que for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $48.95B market cap company. Mackenzie Financial Corp boosted its stake in Bank Of Montreal by 1.0% in the first quarter.
Johnson Controls International PLC
Customers Bancorp, Inc.is a bank holding firm engaged in banking activities through its subsidiary, Customers Bank (the Bank). Prentiss Smith And Communications Incorporated invested 0% in Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (NYSE:JCI).
Institutional investors now hold around $23.72 billion or 54.1% in BMO stock.Bank of Montreal is a financial services provider. The Bank provides a range of personal and commercial banking, wealth management and investment banking services and products.
Federer books Berdych in Wimbledon semi-final
The renaissance he is enjoying at the All England Club actually began previous year in a tournament he didn't even play in. Bet365 are showing Milos Raonic v Roger Federer live , legal and straight onto your computer via 101 Great Goals.





Related articles




Loretta Lynn postpones release of new album




Restrictions in old Srinagar after local militant killed


American International Group Inc. Cuts Stake in Transocean Ltd. (NYSE:RIG)




Warner: Trump campaign's Russian involvement is 'black and white'




Djokovic overcomes injury, Mannarino to enter Wimbledon quarters


Child Rescued After Being Left in vehicle 




Voters trust the media slightly more than the scandal-ridden Trump administration




Google Backup And Sync Released


Does $11.86 justifies Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (HTZ) shares?




Writer Claims Chelsea Clinton Stole Book Idea




Share !


 



Previous: Does $11.86 justifies Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (HTZ) shares?
Next: Warner: Trump campaign's Russian involvement is 'black and white'







 Advertising
 


 


More news	






Western Balkans summit kicks off in Italy


STMicroelectronics NV's (STM) Neutral Rating Reiterated at UBS AG





Michael Carrick replaces Wayne Rooney as Manchester United captain





UnityPoint Health named 2017 'Most Wired Advanced'





Google pays academics millions for key support





Hurricane Eugene weaker, but could whip up California surf





US Senate Judiciary chairman to call ex-Trump aide Manafort to testify





China to set up first military base on foreign soil





TMZ obtains video of Bills DT Adolphus Washington's arrest





Audio: Police Release 911 Call from MGM Grand for Soundgarden's Chris Cornell





Republican senator: no reason not to pass Russian Federation  sanctions bill


Sarah Jessica Parker Films New Project with Short Blonde Hair





Aric Almirola Returning To Richard Petty Motorsports at Loudon





Sumatran tiger cub born at National Zoo





Mario Kart Arcade VR gameplay looks awesome



 






 






	
    Copyright © 2017 HealthcareMenu |     All rights reserved.

	
		





















Ranger Capital Group | Investment Manager | Investment Strategies | Direct Lending
























































 


















        

























No menu assigned!












  





Learn More



  





























  















  















  











RANGER CAPITAL GROUP
We are a group of affiliated investment managers offering a range of products focused on traditional and alternative investment strategies












  





TRADITIONAL INVESTMENTS






  






RANGER INVESTMENTS
Ranger Investment Management’s quality growth oriented equities portfolios are managed with the objective of capturing and compounding returns in the small and mid-capitalization U.S. equity markets. The investment team’s high-conviction investment strategy is predicated on a thorough understanding of factors that influence an investment’s long-term value.  This approach reflects the team’s belief that focused portfolios not only present a greater likelihood of delivering returns differing significantly from the market average, but also of outperforming that average over the long term. Ranger believes quality stocks offer less risk and better odds of superior returns through full market cycles.




LEARN MORE











RANGER INTERNATIONAL
Ranger International Management specializes in global equity-income and growth, international equity and global equity strategies. In managing its income and growth strategy the investment team invests in multiple equity asset classes as it seeks to deliver meaningful income and capital gains.  Ranger International seeks stable, high quality international companies which can be purchased at attractive valuations. In each approach the investment team implements a bottom-up, fundamental research process to identify companies meeting its criteria for quality, financial strength and valuation. As a result of this disciplined approach, opportunity rather than benchmarks determines industry and country allocations.
 




LEARN MORE






  






RANGER INVESTMENTS
Ranger Investment Management’s quality growth oriented equities portfolios are managed with the objective of capturing and compounding returns in the small and mid-capitalization U.S. equity markets. The investment team’s high-conviction investment strategy is predicated on a thorough understanding of factors that influence an investment’s long-term value.  This approach reflects the team’s belief that focused portfolios not only present a greater likelihood of delivering returns differing significantly from the market average, but also of outperforming that average over the long term. Ranger believes quality stocks offer less risk and better odds of superior returns through full market cycles.




LEARN MORE




RANGER INTERNATIONAL
Ranger International Management is a boutique, research driven investment manager specializing in global equities with above market yield and international growth equity strategies. The investment team implements a disciplined bottom-up fundamental research process that seeks to identify global and international companies exhibiting quality and financial strength when they can be purchased at attractive valuations.   Ranger International’s unwavering dedication to quality of thought in its global dividend-focused and international equity disciplines is resolute and leads every investment decision.




LEARN MORE






  





ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS






  






RANGER DIRECT LENDING
The Ranger Specialty Income strategy and Ranger Direct Lending strategy seek to achieve superior risk-adjusted returns, short duration and strong monthly cash flow relative to traditional fixed-income investment strategies. Ranger believes that debt instruments originated or issued by direct lending platforms are an attractive and growing asset class that have the potential to provide higher returns for investors than traditional credit markets.   Disintermediation of banks from traditional lending channels has contributed to the growth of the direct lending marketplace and presents an opportunity to participate in multiple sectors and variations of direct lending.




LEARN MORE












RANGER EQUITY BEAR
Ranger Alternative Management, L.P. is the investment manager responsible for managing the Ranger Equity Bear ETF (NYSE Ticker: HDGE). HDGE is the first actively managed ETF which invests on a short basis only in U.S. equities. HDGE invests with the objective of generating positive relative risk-adjusted returns. The investment team implements a bottom-up, fundamental, research driven security selection process seeking to identify securities with low earnings quality or aggressive accounting practices; practices which may be intended on the part of company management to mask operational deterioration and bolster reported financial performance over a short time period. In addition, Ranger seeks to identify earnings driven events that may act as a catalyst to the price decline of a security, such as downward earnings revisions or reduced forward guidance.




LEARN MORE







  






RANGER DIRECT LENDING
The Ranger Specialty Income strategy and Ranger Direct Lending strategy seek to achieve superior risk-adjusted returns, short duration and strong monthly cash flow relative to traditional fixed-income investment strategies. Ranger believes that debt instruments originated or issued by direct lending platforms are an attractive and growing asset class that have the potential to provide higher returns for investors than traditional credit markets. Disintermediation of banks from traditional lending channels has contributed to the growth of the direct lending marketplace and presents an opportunity to participate in multiple sectors and variations of direct lending.




LEARN MORE




RANGER EQUITY BEAR
Ranger Alternative Management, L.P. is the investment manager responsible for managing the Ranger Equity Bear ETF (NYSE Ticker: HDGE). HDGE is the first actively managed ETF which invests on a short basis only in U.S. equities. HDGE invests with the objective of generating positive relative risk-adjusted returns. The investment team implements a bottom-up, fundamental, research driven security selection process seeking to identify securities with low earnings quality or aggressive accounting practices; practices which may be intended on the part of company management to mask operational deterioration and bolster reported financial performance over a short time period. In addition, Ranger seeks to identify earnings driven events that may act as a catalyst to the price decline of a security, such as downward earnings revisions or reduced forward guidance.




LEARN MORE







  






Ranger Capital Group is an employee-owned investment company founded in 2001.  We provide full, back-office support for our investment teams–including operations, compliance, technology, marketing, and distribution






  


































 Ranger Capital Group
2828 N. Harwood Street, Suite 1900
Dallas, Texas 75201
U.S.A.
Investor Relations: +1 (214) 871-5200

 


Ranger Investments
Ranger International
Ranger Lending Funds




Ranger Equity Bear
Ranger Mutual Funds








© 2017 Ranger Capital Group | Investment Manager | Investment Strategies | Direct Lending.  | Your use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms and Conditions of Use. | Site by Ardent Creative 














About Us
Contact


 




 




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Ranger International Management | Global Equity Income | Dividend Strategy | International Equity




















































 


















        

























No menu assigned!












  












Contact













  





Ranger International
An independent research-driven manager utilizing proprietary insights, global views, and unique valuation perspectives






  











Ranger International Management specializes in global equity-income and growth strategies, international equities and global equities. The investment team implements a bottom-up, fundamental research process to identify global and international companies meeting its criteria for quality, financial strength and valuation. As a result of this disciplined approach, opportunity rather benchmarks determines industry and country allocations.












  
















 Ranger Capital Group
2828 N. Harwood Street, Suite 1900, Dallas, Texas 75201, U.S.A.
Investor Relations: +1 (214) 871-5200

 


 Visit our Main Page
Ranger Capital Group >
Ranger Mutual Funds >









© 2017 Ranger International Management | Global Equity Income | Dividend Strategy | International Equity.  | Your use of this site signifies that you accept our Terms and Conditions of Use. | Site by Ardent Creative 














About
Strategies

Global Income & Growth
International Equity


News
Team
Performance

Ranger Global Income and Growth Performance
Ranger International Equity Performance


Resources
Contact





 
























May 16, 2017 - Ranger International Management, LP Buys SAP SE, LiLAC Group, Blackstone Group LP, Sells Macquarie Infrastructure Corp, Exxon Mobil Corp, Johnson & Johnson - GuruFocus.com 


















May 16, 2017 - Ranger International Management, LP Buys SAP SE, LiLAC Group, Blackstone Group LP, Sells Macquarie Infrastructure Corp, Exxon Mobil Corp, Johnson & Johnson - GuruFocus.com May 16, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Ranger International Management, LP Buys SAP SE, LiLAC Group, Blackstone Group LP, Sells Macquarie Infrastructure Corp, Exxon Mobil Corp, Johnson & JohnsonMay 16, 2017 |  About: 
SAP  +0%
LILA  +0%
HCN  +0%
EPD  +0%
CME  +0%
CMI  +0%
BX  +0%
CLNS  +0%
XOM  +0%
JNJ  +0%
ABBV  +0%
PAYX  +0%



Lake Forest, IL, based Investment company Ranger International Management, LP buys SAP SE, LiLAC Group, Blackstone Group LP, Colony NorthStar Inc, Welltower Inc, Enterprise Products Partners LP, CME Group Inc, Ares Capital Corp, Cummins Inc, sells Macquarie Infrastructure Corp, Exxon Mobil Corp, Johnson & Johnson, AbbVie Inc, Spectra Energy Partners LP during the 3-months ended 2017-03-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Ranger International Management, LP. As of 2017-03-31, Ranger International Management, LP owns 52 stocks with a total value of $1.8 billion.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: BX, CLNS, Added Positions: SAP, LILA, HCN, EPD, CME, ARCC, CMI, T, Reduced Positions: XOM, JNJ, ABBV, PAYX, STOR, DOW, JPM, BXMT, UN, Sold Out: MIC, SEP, KSS, TLK, INFY, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with SAP. Click here to check it out. 
SAP 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of SAPPeter Lynch Chart of SAPFor the details of Ranger International Management, LP's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Ranger+International+Management%2C+LPThese are the top 5 holdings of Ranger International Management, LPSAP SE (SAP) - 4,196 shares, 11.28% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 100.00%HDFC Bank Ltd (HDB) - 1,820 shares, 7.49% of the total portfolio. Liberty Global PLC (LBTYA) - 3,500 shares, 6.87% of the total portfolio. Ferrari NV (RACE) - 1,570 shares, 6.39% of the total portfolio. WisdomTree High Dividend Fund (DHS) - 1,680 shares, 6.29% of the total portfolio. New Purchase: Blackstone Group LP (BX)Ranger International Management, LP initiated holdings in  Blackstone Group LP.  The purchase prices were between $27.03 and $31.3, with an estimated average price of $30.03.   The stock is now traded at around $30.21. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 38,275 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS)Ranger International Management, LP initiated holdings in  Colony NorthStar Inc.  The purchase prices were between $12.87 and $21.77, with an estimated average price of $14.6.   The stock is now traded at around $13.44. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 82,785 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: SAP SE (SAP)Ranger International Management, LP added to the holdings in  SAP SE by 100.00%.  The purchase prices were between $86.3 and $98.49, with an estimated average price of $92.9.   The stock is now traded at around $104.69. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 5.64%. The holdings were 4,196 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: LiLAC Group (LILA)Ranger International Management, LP added to the holdings in  LiLAC Group by 261.87%.  The purchase prices were between $21.44 and $27.35, with an estimated average price of $23.19.   The stock is now traded at around $21.35. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.95%. The holdings were 2,211 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Welltower Inc (HCN)Ranger International Management, LP added to the holdings in  Welltower Inc by 1763.19%.  The purchase prices were between $65.27 and $70.93, with an estimated average price of $67.47.   The stock is now traded at around $71.60. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 15,185 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Enterprise Products Partners LP (EPD)Ranger International Management, LP added to the holdings in  Enterprise Products Partners LP by 147.62%.  The purchase prices were between $26.84 and $29.86, with an estimated average price of $27.93.   The stock is now traded at around $26.94. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 33,280 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: CME Group Inc (CME)Ranger International Management, LP added to the holdings in  CME Group Inc by 39.48%.  The purchase prices were between $114.4 and $127, with an estimated average price of $120.27.   The stock is now traded at around $116.68. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 10,210 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Cummins Inc (CMI)Ranger International Management, LP added to the holdings in  Cummins Inc by 39.44%.  The purchase prices were between $137.42 and $154.51, with an estimated average price of $148.02.   The stock is now traded at around $157.42. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.01%. The holdings were 6,435 shares as of 2017-03-31. Sold Out: Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC)Ranger International Management, LP sold out the holdings in  Macquarie Infrastructure Corp.  The sale prices were between $74.77 and $82.84, with an estimated average price of $79.18. Sold Out: Spectra Energy Partners LP (SEP)Ranger International Management, LP sold out the holdings in  Spectra Energy Partners LP.  The sale prices were between $42.1 and $47.09, with an estimated average price of $44.7. Sold Out: Kohl's Corp (KSS)Ranger International Management, LP sold out the holdings in  Kohl's Corp.  The sale prices were between $37.41 and $51.88, with an estimated average price of $40.82. Sold Out: PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia (Persero) Tbk (TLK)Ranger International Management, LP sold out the holdings in  PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia (Persero) Tbk.  The sale prices were between $28.18 and $31.17, with an estimated average price of $29.55. Sold Out: Infosys Ltd (INFY)Ranger International Management, LP sold out the holdings in  Infosys Ltd.  The sale prices were between $13.59 and $15.8, with an estimated average price of $14.9. Reduced: Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM)Ranger International Management, LP reduced to the holdings in  Exxon Mobil Corp by 64.23%.  The sale prices were between $80.93 and $90.89, with an estimated average price of $83.54.   The stock is now traded at around $82.55. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -2.71%. Ranger International Management, LP still held 5,000 shares as of 2017-03-31. Reduced: Johnson & Johnson (JNJ)Ranger International Management, LP reduced to the holdings in  Johnson & Johnson by 77.94%.  The sale prices were between $111.76 and $128.96, with an estimated average price of $119.46.   The stock is now traded at around $127.77. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -2.7%. Ranger International Management, LP still held 1,985 shares as of 2017-03-31. Reduced: AbbVie Inc (ABBV)Ranger International Management, LP reduced to the holdings in  AbbVie Inc by 50%.  The sale prices were between $60 and $66.55, with an estimated average price of $62.87.   The stock is now traded at around $66.85. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -2.17%. Ranger International Management, LP still held 10,345 shares as of 2017-03-31. Reduced: Paychex Inc (PAYX)Ranger International Management, LP reduced to the holdings in  Paychex Inc by 40.53%.  The sale prices were between $57.57 and $62.86, with an estimated average price of $60.77.   The stock is now traded at around $57.16. 						The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -1.11%. Ranger International Management, LP still held 8,010 shares as of 2017-03-31. Here is the complete portfolio of Ranger International Management, LP. Also check out:
1. Ranger International Management, LP's Undervalued Stocks
2. Ranger International Management, LP's Top Growth Companies, and
3. Ranger International Management, LP's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that Ranger International Management, LP keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with SAP SE $SAP.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

rael222212rael222211liuzishuknown guru 12DBrizangordongwth 28Jul2017liuzishuconc&low turn guruliuzishuunder50guruTaekgyun Kovalue1liuzishudivgurufcfmailtoabhishekSpinoffsbargain_hunterFCF Undervalued Predictable

→SAP Price Chart





$105.08 (1y: +21%)







Last 5 Quotes


My Portfolio






  Portfolio: Track My Stocks







To view my portfolio


Not a member yet?
Sign up now for a free account







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK
















