 



Affiliates of Siris Capital Complete Combination of Mitel Mobile with Xura and Ranzure Networks to Create the New Mavenir Systems | Business Wire
























































Affiliates of Siris Capital Complete Combination of Mitel Mobile with 
      Xura and Ranzure Networks to Create the New Mavenir Systems




Mavenir Positioned to Lead Innovation in 5G Ready Network Solutions



Mitel Mobile, Xura and Ranzure Networks have combined to form the 
        "new" Mavenir


Xura's CEO, Pardeep Kohli, formerly CEO of Mitel Mobile's 
        predecessor (also named Mavenir Systems) will lead the new Mavenir


The transaction underscores Mavenir's commitment to providing 
        best-in-class, cloud-proven 5G and IoT ready network solutions to 
        Communications Service Providers ("CSPs"), helping them drive service 
        differentiation and industry innovation







February 28, 2017 12:39 PM Eastern Standard Time



RICHARDSON, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today affiliates of Siris Capital Group, LLC (“Siris Capital” or 
      “Siris”) and Xura, Inc. (“Xura”) announced the completion of the 
      acquisition of Mitel Mobility, Inc. (“Mitel Mobile”), a division of 
      Mitel Networks Corporation (“Mitel”, Nasdaq: MITL, TSX: MNW). This 
      announcement follows the completion of Xura’s acquisition of Ranzure 
      Networks, Inc. (“Ranzure”) on February 1, 2017, and the previously 
      announced divestiture of Xura’s non-core enterprise messaging business 
      (Xura Secure Communications, GmbH) on February 17, 2017. The 
      transactions position the new Mavenir as a 100% carrier-focused 
      solutions provider with a “future proof” and 5G ready software-based 
      portfolio across every layer of the mobile network infrastructure stack. 
      Mavenir will be headquartered in Richardson, Texas and led by Xura’s 
      CEO, Pardeep Kohli.
    

      Pardeep Kohli, President and CEO of Mavenir, commented:
    

      “The completion of these transactions to form the new Mavenir represents 
      a significant milestone in the evolution of Xura, Mitel Mobile, and 
      Ranzure. These transactions bring together three complementary companies 
      to establish a new industry leader that is singularly focused on 
      accelerating and redefining network transformation for service 
      providers. We are delighted to move forward as one company with a strong 
      and shared commitment to customer enablement and success.”
    

The New Mavenir Systems


      The new Mavenir positions itself as an industry leader in cloud-proven, 
      NFV, SDN, and 5G ready software-based solutions across every layer of 
      the network infrastructure stack, helping CSPs drive revenues and 
      operating efficiencies by enabling increased network optimization, 
      flexibility and scalability. Mavenir offers a comprehensive, 
      fully-virtualized solution set across Voice-over-LTE (“VoLTE”), 
      Voice-over-WiFi (“VoWiFi”), video, voicemail, advanced messaging, 
      security, radio access network, and packet core. With its broad and 
      complementary solutions offering, Mavenir will enable customers to focus 
      on service innovation and monetization, while delivering the 
      optimization to handle the next wave of exponential traffic growth from 
      5G and Internet of Things (“IoT”) applications and services.
    

      Hubert de Pesquidoux, the executive chairman of Mavenir and executive 
      partner at Siris Capital, commented:
    

      “Today is the first of many exciting days for our newly established 
      company. In the coming weeks and months, we look forward to integrating 
      the businesses and moving forward as a single team dedicated to 
      delivering on the promise of our technology and innovation. With a 
      fully-virtualized, cloud-proven and 5G ready product portfolio, an 
      accomplished leadership team, a deep technical bench, a cadre of over 
      2,000 dedicated employees worldwide, and the firm support of Siris 
      Capital, the new Mavenir is well-positioned to bring the next wave of 
      mobile network solutions to market and help transform the digital 
      communications industry.”
    

      Concluding, Pardeep Kohli said:
    

      “Both Xura and Mitel Mobile have enduring track records of 
      market-leading innovation and customer commitment, providing a solid 
      foundation to realize Mavenir’s mission of partnering with its customers 
      to deliver tomorrow’s vision today. I am honored and excited to lead the 
      new Mavenir, and I look forward to working collaboratively with our 
      customers as they transform their networks and bring differentiated 
      services and solutions to market.”
    

      – Ends –
    

About Mavenir Systems | Mavenir


      As a trusted partner, Mavenir accelerates and redefines network 
      transformation for service providers. By offering a comprehensive 
      product portfolio across every layer of the network infrastructure stack 
      — from 5G application/service layer to the RAN and packet core – Mavenir 
      leads the way in evolved, cloud-proven networking solutions enabling 
      innovative and secure new experiences for end users. Through its 
      industry first VoLTE, VoWiFi, Advanced Messaging and Cloud RAN 
      solutions, Mavenir’s platform enables service providers to successfully 
      deliver tomorrow’s vision today and realize new revenue streams and 
      operating efficiencies. www.mavenir.com


About Siris Capital Group, LLC | Siris Capital


      Siris Capital is a leading private equity firm focused on making control 
      investments in data, telecommunications, technology and 
      technology-enabled business service companies. Integral to Siris' 
      investment approach is its partnership with exceptional senior operating 
      executives, or Executive Partners, who work with Siris to identify, 
      validate and operate investment opportunities. Their significant 
      involvement allows Siris to partner with management to add value both 
      operationally and strategically. To learn more, visit us at www.siriscapital.com.
    




Contacts

      Xura Media:Maria HudsonSVP, Head of Corporate Marketingmaria.hudson@xura.comM: 
      +44 (0) 7894604040
    













Release Summary
Affiliates of Siris Capital Complete Combination of Mitel Mobile with Xura and Ranzure Networks to Create the New Mavenir Systems






Contacts

      Xura Media:Maria HudsonSVP, Head of Corporate Marketingmaria.hudson@xura.comM: 
      +44 (0) 7894604040
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















Ranzure Networks, Inc. - Other Technology- Kohli  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Ranzure Networks, Inc.

      Industry: Other Technology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1651 N. Glenville Dr. Ste 214 
    Richardson, TX, 75081Phone: 469-951-7290 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-11


New


$11,116,193


$11,116,193


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-06-08


New


$4,511,000


$4,511,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Pardeep Kohli 
 Director, Executive 


 Koteswar Krishna 
 Director 


 Balagopal G. Kumar 
 Director 


 Venu Shamapant 
 Director 












Ranzure Networks Closes $13M Series A

































   Your Source for Venture Capital and Private Equity Financings


   Massinvestor/VC News Daily      


  
                     















VC Directories
Mobile Apps
Celebrity VCs
VentureTrackr
Archive
About Us








 












 












 










Ranzure Networks Closes $13M Series A



2016-10-14

Tweet
 


  
						    
                  
RICHARDSON, TX, Ranzure Networks today announced that the company has completed a $13 million Series A funding.
Click here for more funding data on Ranzure Networks
                  To export Ranzure Networks funding data to PDF and Excel, click here

Ranzure Networks today announced that the company has completed a $13 million Series A funding. This round of investment was co-led by LiveOak Venture Partners and Mitel.Venu Shamapant, co-founder and General Partner of LiveOak Venture Partners, will join Ranzure's board of directors.'I have partnered with Pardeep twice before and am excited to be working with him for a third time', says Venu Shamapant (founding General Partner at LiveOak Venture Partners). 'Having backed Pardeep previously through Spatial Wireless and Mavenir Systems for large disruptions in the wireless infrastructure industry, the General Partners of LiveOak are confident in the company he will build and the solutions the Ranzure team will craft. Radio Access Network (RAN) is the largest piece of wireless infrastructure and is ripe for disruption through the application of cloud based virtualization technologies. We strive to back the best entrepreneurs in Texas, and Pardeep is the perfect example of our investment thesis at work.''Network densification, IoT, and new spectrum availability will enable applications and devices that will fundamentally transform the way we live and interact with our surroundings,' said Pardeep Kohli, President, and CEO of Ranzure Networks Inc. 'The next generation mobile networks are expected to handle much more data volume, connect exponentially more devices, significantly reduce latency and bring new levels of reliability. A flexible Radio Access Network is a key cornerstone for this evolution. Ranzure will bring flexible, virtualized, cloud-based 4G/5G RAN solutions to address the evolving market needs.'Ranzure will use the capital to continue its product and solutions development for service providers and partners globally. In addition to the R&D activities, it will build its sales and operations teams for the emerging network technology solutions.About Ranzure Founded by industry veterans with extensive experience in virtualized LTE core networks and Radio Access technologies - Ranzure is focused on paving the way for seamless superfast 5G networks. Ranzure is backed by LiveOak Venture Partners and Mitel. In addition to the funding from Mitel, Ranzure Networks will license Mitel Mobile technology in the area of Evolved Packet Core to support service providers as they build 5G networks for the Internet of Things. Ranzure is based in Richardson, Texas, with additional development centers in Ottawa, Canada and Bengaluru, India. Visit http://www.ranzure.com for more information.About Mitel A global market leader in enterprise and mobile communications powering more than 2 billion business connections and 2 billion mobile subscribers every day, Mitel (Nasdaq:MITL) (TSX:MNW) helps businesses and mobile carriers connect, collaborate and provide innovative services to their customers. Our innovation and communications experts serve more than 60 million business users in more than 100 countries, and 130 mobile service providers including 15 of the top 20 mobile carriers in the world. That makes us unique, and the only company able to provide a bridge between enterprise and mobile customers. Visit http://www.mitel.com for more information.About LiveOak Venture Partners LiveOak is a $109MM Fund based in Austin, TX and was founded by Ben Scott, Krishna Srinivasan, and Venu Shamapant (all formerly of Austin Ventures). While many of LiveOak's investments begin in the early stages, LiveOak is a full lifecycle investor focused on technology and technology-driven service companies primarily based in Texas. With over 16 years of successful early stage investing in Texas, the Founders of LiveOak have helped entrepreneurs create industry-leading companies, such as Spatial Wireless (acquired by Alcatel-Lucent), Navini Networks (acquired by Cisco Systems), LifeSize Technologies (acquired by Logitech), Mavenir Systems (acquired by Mitel), and StackEngine (Acquired by Oracle). Visit http://www.liveoakvp.com for more information.

(c)2011-2017 by Massinvestor, Inc.  For contact info, please check out our about page.

                     
                  >> Click here for in-depth research on 4,000 VC firms 































 












Massinvestor/VC News Daily617-620-4606© 2017 Massinvestor, Inc.


VC Directories
Mobile Apps
Celebrity VCs



VentureTrackr
Archive
Funded Companies


About Us









Ranzure Networks inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























ranzure networks inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Telecom
Sub-Industry: Telecom Carriers
Ranzure Networks, Inc. provides cloud technologies to radio access networks. The Company focuses on next generation customized wireless service to support internet of things and billions of devices.




Corporate Information
Address:

DE
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Xura buys Mitel Mobility for $385M and Ranzure to double down on 5G  |  TechCrunch





















































































































 



Menu


Search




Follow Us
Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS


More


Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS






								Got a tip? Let us know.









Message Us




Search TechCrunch
Search TechCrunch



Search



Search














×









Hi!

		You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
	

		Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
	

		Thanks,
		TC Team
	





 












Disrupt SFDiscover the frontiers of security and privacy at Disrupt SF 2017								
																			And save $1000 on tickets																												




















xura






Xura buys Mitel Mobility for $385M and Ranzure to double down on 5G


	Posted Dec 19, 2016 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden)




0
SHARES

















































Next Story

AR display maker Lumus grabs $30M in new funding from HTC, Quanta












After failing to complete its $1.96 billion merger with Polycom earlier this year when Polycom instead got acquired by Siris Capital for $2 billion, today Mitel Networks began the process of streamlining its business to go forth alone, or find another acquisition or merger as a simpler company.
Today Mitel announced that it would divest Mitel Mobility, its mobile operations, to Xura for $360 million in cash, plus a $35 million non-interest bearing promissory note and an equity interest in Sierra Private Investments L.P., the limited partnership that will own both Xura and the mobile division. Mitel plans now to focus its business more squarely on unified communications.
Coincidentally, Xura, like Polycom, was also acquired earlier this year by Siris for $649 million.
Alongside this deal, Xura also announced another acquisition: it’s also buying Ranzure, which develops 5G radio access network technology, for an undisclosed sum (we’re trying to find out the price and will update when and if we do).
The Ranzure deal is in part to acquire talent, and it points to a tangled thread through all of this. Pardeep Kohli, who founded Ranzure and was its CEO, will become the new CEO of Xura as part of the deal. Before Ranzure, Kohli was the CEO of Mavenir Systems, which was acquired by Mitel in 2015 for $560 million and became Mitel Mobility, which is what’s getting sold today along with Ranzure. It’s unclear what the value is of Mitel’s equity interest in Sierra, but taking just the cash portion of the deal on its own, this deal represents a significant hit to Mitel.
The divestment by Mitel and acquisitions by Xura speak to the ongoing trend of consolidation in the world of enterprise IT services.
Here, Xura is buying assets to build out a larger operation in virtualised network technologies for 5G networks and specifically their focus on Internet of Things applications. Alongside Ranzure’s 5G RAN technology, through Mitel it will pick up technology and IP in Voice-over-Long-Term Evolution (“VoLTE”), Voice-over-WiFi (“VoWiFi”), video, Rich Communication Services (“RCS”), messaging, radio access and packet core solutions.
“Xura has undergone a significant transformation over the past two years, and in the last several months has successfully transitioned to private ownership with the backing and support of Siris Capital, a financial sponsor with deep experience and operational expertise in telecommunications,” said Hubert de Pesquidoux, the executive chairman of Xura and future executive chairman of the combined company, in a statement.
“I would like to acknowledge [outgoing CEO] Philippe Tartavull for his significant contributions to the company during this transformational period. Today’s announcement marks a new and exciting chapter for Xura, and will accelerate and enhance the combined company’s ability to grow and deliver value to its customers, partners and employees,” he continued.
While the mobility part of Mitel’s business is moving to Xura, Mitel is going to focus more on unified communications, which was the part of the business that it had been hoping to align up with Polycom before that deal died.
“In a period of rapid change and massive technology transitions, scale and focus are key to driving growth and shareholder return. This transaction will allow Mitel to achieve these goals,” said Rich McBee, CEO of Mitel in a statement. “It also enables us to intensify our focus and capital in expanding our leadership position in the enterprise market as it prepares for large scale digital transformation of premise-based systems to the cloud.”
The deals are expected to close in Q1 2017.

Featured Image: from2015/Getty Images




0
SHARES
































			Advertisement		












			Advertisement		



 



Crunchbase






				Xura			


 
Founded
1997


Overview
They offer their customers a pathway to next generation digital technology. Their thinking unlocks the possibilities of no boundaries communications.

They are already working with Communications Service Providers (CSPs), operators and enterprises all over the world, helping them to meet the needs of tomorrow’s multi-device, multi-services consumers.

They offer clever ways to financially realize …


Location

Wakefield, MA



Categories

Information Technology, 																													Telecommunications, 																													Communications Infrastructure 


Website

http://www.xura.com/ 


Full profile for Xura 










	Newsletter Subscriptions









The Daily Crunch
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox






TC Weekly Roundup
Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories






Crunchbase Daily
The latest startup funding announcements





Enter Address

Subscribe


SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS »
			


 


		Latest Crunch Report 







Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person | Crunch Report





Watch More Episodes




















							xura 						



Popular Posts


 

















Featured Stories





 

Accessibility in Tech
VIDEO | 9:22 | Bullish






 

It looks like Amazon would be losing a lot of money if not for AWS
15 hours ago | Matthew Lynley






 

Jeff Bezos’ brief stint as world’s richest human ends with Amazon’s second-quarter whiff
16 hours ago | Matthew Lynley






 

Apple discontinues iPod nano and shuffle and doubles iPod touch capacities to 32GB and 128GB
20 hours ago | Brian Heater






 

Twitter is having a very bad day
21 hours ago | Matthew Lynley









Latest From TechCrunch





 

Expedia invests $350M in Traveloka to create Southeast Asia’s newest unicorn
4 hours ago | Jon Russell






 

Xiaomi secures $1B loan to expand its international presence and offline retail footprint
9 hours ago | Jon Russell






 

SpaceX’s very first Falcon Heavy launch set for this November
9 hours ago | Darrell Etherington






 

Crunch Report | Jeff Bezos Becomes World’s Richest Person*
9 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze










 
















									Comment moderation powered by 

 









Up Next
AR display maker Lumus grabs $30M in new funding from HTC, Quanta

	Posted Dec 19, 2016  



CrunchBoard

Job Listings



Software Engineer - Java (Contract) at Motorola Solutions (Seattle, WA, United States)




Senior Android and IOS Developer (Contract) at Motorola Solutions (Seattle, WA, United States)




Sr Software Engineer (Back End) at Etleap (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Data Engineer at Etleap (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Full Stack Developer at Laborocity (Radnor, PA, United States)




More from CrunchBoard















			Advertisement		

















 

































































































































































News




Startups
Mobile
Gadgets
Enterprise
Social
Europe
Asia
Crunch Network
Unicorn Leaderboard
Gift Guides
All GalleriesAll Timelines 




Videos




Apps
Bullish
Crunch Report
Disrupt NY 2017
Judah vs the Machines
All ShowsAll Videos 




Events




Disrupt
Startup Battlefield
Battlefield Africa
Battlefield Australia
Crunchies
Meetups
International City Events
Hackathon
Sessions
Include
TechCrunch Store
All Events 


Crunchbase













				Message Us			










Most Popular





								Expedia invests $350M in Traveloka to create Southeast Asia’s newest unicorn							

								4 hours ago by Jon Russell							



								Xiaomi secures $1B loan to expand its international presence and offline retail footprint							

								9 hours ago by Jon Russell							



								SpaceX’s very first Falcon Heavy launch set for this November							

								9 hours ago by Darrell Etherington							



								Crunch Report | Jeff Bezos Becomes World’s Richest Person*							

								9 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze							



								Meg Whitman says she’s not going to Uber							

								10 hours ago by Katie Roof							



								Redfin real estate site prices IPO at $15, valuing company at $1.2 billion							

								10 hours ago by Katie Roof							



								Mattress startup Purple merges with NY shell company in $1.1 billion deal							

								11 hours ago by Sarah Buhr							



								AltspaceVR social app is shutting down							

								11 hours ago by Lucas Matney							



								Facebook’s Instant Articles restore subscription options they previously stripped							

								11 hours ago by Devin Coldewey							



								i.am+ buys Wink, the smart home hub previously owned by Flextronics and Quirky							

								12 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden							



 











Affiliates of Siris Capital Complete Combination of Mitel Mobile with Xura and Ranzure Networks to Create the New Mavenir Systems - Siris Capital


























































News








         All News       

201720162015201420132012 






 Prev 

Next  



 


            Affiliates of Siris Capital Complete Combination of Mitel Mobile with Xura and Ranzure Networks to Create the New Mavenir Systems          
Mavenir Positioned to Lead Innovation in 5G Ready Network Solutions

Mitel Mobile, Xura and Ranzure Networks have combined to form the “new” Mavenir
Xura’s CEO, Pardeep Kohli, formerly CEO of Mitel Mobile’s predecessor (also named Mavenir Systems) will lead the new Mavenir
The transaction underscores Mavenir’s commitment to providing best-in-class, cloud-proven 5G and IoT ready network solutions to Communications Service Providers (“CSPs”), helping them drive service differentiation and industry innovation

 
RICHARDSON, TX, February 28, 2017: Today affiliates of Siris Capital Group, LLC (“Siris Capital” or “Siris”) and Xura, Inc. (“Xura”) announced the completion of the acquisition of Mitel Mobility, Inc. (“Mitel Mobile”), a division of Mitel Networks Corporation (“Mitel”, Nasdaq: MITL, TSX: MNW). This announcement follows the completion of Xura’s acquisition of Ranzure Networks, Inc. (“Ranzure”) on February 1, 2017, and the previously announced divestiture of Xura’s non-core enterprise messaging business (Xura Secure Communications, GmbH) on February 17, 2017. The transactions position the new Mavenir as a 100% carrier-focused solutions provider with a “future proof” and 5G ready software-based portfolio across every layer of the mobile network infrastructure stack. Mavenir will be headquarted in Richardson, Texas and led by Xura’s CEO, Pardeep Kohli.
 
Pardeep Kohli, President and CEO of Mavenir, commented:
 
“The completion of these transactions to form the new Mavenir represents a significant milestone in the evolution of Xura, Mitel Mobile, and Ranzure. These transactions bring together three complementary companies to establish a new industry leader that is singularly focused on accelerating and redefining network transformation for service providers. We are delighted to move forward as one company with a strong and shared commitment to customer enablement and success.”
 
The New Mavenir Systems, Inc.
 
The new Mavenir positions itself as an industry leader in cloud-proven, NFV, SDN, and 5G ready software-based solutions across every layer of the network infrastructure stack, helping CSPs drive revenues and operating efficiencies by enabling increased network optimization, flexibility and scalability. Mavenir offers a comprehensive, fully-virtualized solution set across Voice-over-LTE (“VoLTE”), Voice-over-WiFi (“VoWiFi”), video, voicemail, advanced messaging, security, radio access network, and packet core. With its broad and complementary solutions offering, Mavenir will enable customers to focus on service innovation and monetization, while delivering the optimization to handle the next wave of exponential traffic growth from 5G and Internet of Things (“IoT”) applications and services.
 
Hubert de Pesquidoux, the executive chairman of Mavenir and executive partner at Siris Capital, commented:
 
“Today is the first of many exciting days for our newly established company. In the coming weeks and months, we look forward to integrating the businesses and moving forward as a single team dedicated to delivering on the promise of our technology and innovation. With a fully-virtualized, cloud-proven and 5G ready product portfolio, an accomplished leadership team, a deep technical bench, a cadre of over 2,000 dedicated employees worldwide, and the firm support of Siris Capital, the new Mavenir is well-positioned to bring the next wave of mobile network solutions to market and help transform the digital communications industry.”
 
Concluding, Pardeep Kohli said:
 
“Both Xura and Mitel Mobile have enduring track records of market-leading innovation and customer commitment, providing a solid foundation to realize Mavenir’s mission of partnering with its customers to deliver tomorrow’s vision today. I am honored and excited to lead the new Mavenir, and I look forward to working collaboratively with our customers as they transform their networks and bring differentiated services and solutions to market.”
 
– Ends –
 
About Mavenir Systems, Inc. | Mavenir
As a trusted partner, Mavenir accelerates and redefines network transformation for service providers. By offering a comprehensive product portfolio across every layer of the network infrastructure stack — from 5G application/service layer to the RAN and packet core – Mavenir leads the way in evolved, cloud-proven networking solutions enabling innovative and secure new experiences for end users. Through its industry first VoLTE, VoWiFi, Advanced Messaging and Cloud RAN solutions, Mavenir’s platform enables service providers to successfully deliver tomorrow’s vision today and realize new revenue streams and operating efficiencies. www.mavenir.com
 
About Siris Capital Group, LLC | Siris Capital
Siris Capital is a leading private equity firm focused on making control investments in data, telecommunications, technology and technology-enabled business service companies. Integral to Siris’ investment approach is its partnership with exceptional senior operating executives, or Executive Partners, who work with Siris to identify, validate and operate investment opportunities. Their significant involvement allows Siris to partner with management to add value both operationally and strategically. To learn more, visit us at www.siriscapital.com.










×











            Close 







Sorry but your browser does not support the video tag.














Ranzure Networks Closes $13 Million Series A Funding 


































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Ranzure Networks Closes $13 Million Series A Funding



Share Article


















Ranzure Networks today announced that the company has completed a $13 million Series A funding. This round of investment was co-led by LiveOak Venture Partners and Mitel.







Delivering flexible cloud technologies for Radio Access Networks



Richardson, Texas (PRWEB)
October 11, 2016
 Ranzure Networks today announced that the company has completed a $13 million Series A funding. This round of investment was co-led by LiveOak Venture Partners and Mitel.
Venu Shamapant, co-founder and General Partner of LiveOak Venture Partners, will join Ranzure’s board of directors. 
“I have partnered with Pardeep twice before and am excited to be working with him for a third time”, says Venu Shamapant (founding General Partner at LiveOak Venture Partners). “Having backed Pardeep previously through Spatial Wireless and Mavenir Systems for large disruptions in the wireless infrastructure industry, the General Partners of LiveOak are confident in the company he will build and the solutions the Ranzure team will craft. Radio Access Network (RAN) is the largest piece of wireless infrastructure and is ripe for disruption through the application of cloud based virtualization technologies. We strive to back the best entrepreneurs in Texas, and Pardeep is the perfect example of our investment thesis at work.”
“Network densification, IoT, and new spectrum availability will enable applications and devices that will fundamentally transform the way we live and interact with our surroundings,” said Pardeep Kohli, President, and CEO of Ranzure Networks Inc. “The next generation mobile networks are expected to handle much more data volume, connect exponentially more devices, significantly reduce latency and bring new levels of reliability. A flexible Radio Access Network is a key cornerstone for this evolution. Ranzure will bring flexible, virtualized, cloud-based 4G/5G RAN solutions to address the evolving market needs.”
Ranzure will use the capital to continue its product and solutions development for service providers and partners globally. In addition to the R&D activities, it will build its sales and operations teams for the emerging network technology solutions. 
About Ranzure
Founded by industry veterans with extensive experience in virtualized LTE core networks and Radio Access technologies - Ranzure is focused on paving the way for seamless superfast 5G networks. Ranzure is backed by LiveOak Venture Partners and Mitel. In addition to the funding from Mitel, Ranzure Networks will license Mitel Mobile technology in the area of Evolved Packet Core to support service providers as they build 5G networks for the Internet of Things.  Ranzure is based in Richardson, Texas, with additional development centers in Ottawa, Canada and Bengaluru, India. Visit http://www.ranzure.com for more information.
About Mitel
A global market leader in enterprise and mobile communications powering more than 2 billion business connections and 2 billion mobile subscribers every day, Mitel (Nasdaq:MITL) (TSX:MNW) helps businesses and mobile carriers connect, collaborate and provide innovative services to their customers. Our innovation and communications experts serve more than 60 million business users in more than 100 countries, and 130 mobile service providers including 15 of the top 20 mobile carriers in the world. That makes us unique, and the only company able to provide a bridge between enterprise and mobile customers. Visit http://www.mitel.com for more information. 
About LiveOak Venture Partners
LiveOak is a $109MM Fund based in Austin, TX and was founded by Ben Scott, Krishna Srinivasan, and Venu Shamapant (all formerly of Austin Ventures).  While many of LiveOak’s investments begin in the early stages, LiveOak is a full lifecycle investor focused on technology and technology-driven service companies primarily based in Texas.   With over 16 years of successful early stage investing in Texas, the Founders of LiveOak have helped entrepreneurs create industry-leading companies, such as Spatial Wireless (acquired by Alcatel-Lucent), Navini Networks (acquired by Cisco Systems), LifeSize Technologies (acquired by Logitech), Mavenir Systems (acquired by Mitel), and StackEngine (Acquired by Oracle). Visit http://www.liveoakvp.com  for more information.



Share article on social media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Jay Mohanty
Ranzure Networks +1 4699096164
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center








Default HubSpot Blog















































Search






About Us

Leadership Team
Associations
Board of Directors
Events
Careers
Resources
Our History
Partners

Products

Voice and Video

Mavenir offers a complete portfolio of innovative virtualized network video and voice solutions for IP based communication services.

VOICE AND VIDEO


Evolved Packet Core

Mavenir's Virtualized Evolved Packet Core (EPC) is a software-based, carrier grade solution that can be deployed on cloud-based infrastructures using Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) to rapidly scale capacity and adapt to new deployment models.

EVOLVED PACKET CORE


Mobile Messaging

Mavenir's converged messaging solutions for Rich Communication Services (RCS, RCSe), Converged IP Messaging (CPM), Short Message Service/Multimedia Messaging Service (SMS/MMS).

MOBILE MESSAGING


Mobile Client

Mavenir's Mobile Voice and Messaging Client for all devices allows Communication Service Providers to differentiate their Messaging Services

MOBILE CLIENT


RAN Virtualization

Mavenir's future-proof SmartC-RAN Solution delivers flexible cloud technologies for Radio Access Networks

RAN VIRTUALIZATION


Data Management

Mavenir is a leading provider of a data management product suite that can be deployed on carrier-grade Advanced Telecom Computing Architecture (ATCA) and commercial off-the-shelf server (COTS) hardware, or as virtualized software or cloud-based platforms.

DATA MANAGEMENT


IMS Core

IP Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) is the open standards based foundational technology for all IP communication services. With the desire to shift towards convergence and all IP networks, the adoption of IMS core technology is increasing rapidly.

IMS CORE


Diameter Signaling

Mavenir’s innovative end-to-end virtualized portfolio also includes an innovative Diameter Signaling Controller with Diameter Routing Agent (DRA) and Diameter Edge Agent (DEA) solution for LTE roaming.

DIAMETER SIGNALING


Session Border Control & Border Gateways

The Mavenir Border Gateways are carrier-grade products that can be deployed on cloud-based infrastructures using Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) to rapidly scale capacity and adapt to new deployment models. Our Border Gateways provides optimal security, flexibility, and centralization of data and voice services for operators transforming their networks to 4G LTE.

SESSION BORDER CONTROL & BORDER GATEWAYS



Solutions

Multi ID

Multi-ID, a Cloud Communications Platform for innovation in Voice, Video and Messaging

MULTI ID


Voice Over Long-Term Evolution (VOLTE)

Voice over LTE (VoLTE) empowers 4G LTE operators to offer rich voice, video and messaging services as a core offering.

VOICE OVER LONG-TERM EVOLUTION (VOLTE)


RCS Cloud Services

What’s unique about Mavenir’s RCS Cloud Services

RCS CLOUD SERVICES


Voice Over Wi-Fi (VOWIFI)

Mavenir's core network infrastructure used to deliver WiFi Calling and Messaging is the same as used to deliver VoLTE and advanced messaging.

VOICE OVER WI-FI (VOWIFI)


Voice and Video Solutions

Mavenir offers a complete portfolio of innovative virtualized network video and voice solutions for IP based communication services.

VOICE AND VIDEO SOLUTIONS


Converged IP Messaging

Mavenir offers a complete portfolio of innovative virtualized network video and voice solutions for IP based communication services.

CONVERGED IP MESSAGING


Rich Communication Services

For mobile operators launching Rich Communications Services (RCS), Mavenir's RCS solution is fully standards compliant and supports the latest GSMA RCS 5.1 specifications.

RICH COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES


Advanced Communications

Mavenir delivers critical core and access network elements required to allow service providers to continually innovate with new revenue generating services by leveraging their network as platform for development.

ADVANCED COMMUNICATIONS


Network Security

Mavenir’s security solutions are built to protect CSPs’ networks from sophisticated security threats. Mavenir’s solution, provides 360-degree security and privacy protection, addressing many types of signaling network attacks, as well as spam and fraud exploits across the network.

NETWORK SECURITY


Monetization Services

Mavenir’s portfolio of Monetization products is focused on enabling mobile operators to generate additional revenue and ARPU from their prepaid subscribers, drive subscriber engagement and improve loyalty.

MONETIZATION SERVICES


Cloud RAN

Mavenir delivers flexible technologies for the Radio Access Network, designed with today's LTE and 5G network needs in mind

CLOUD RAN


Network Transformation

Mavenir provides the underlying 4G/5G core and access infrastructure that enables service providers to build a flexible, scalable and secure network that supports a multitude of connections, as well growing traffic from Internet of Things (IoT).

NETWORK TRANSFORMATION


Cable Operators/VOWIFI

Enhance your competitive position

CABLE OPERATORS/VOWIFI



5G Initiatives
News

Press Releases
News

Blog











go

























Home
Default HubSpot Blog






Default HubSpot Blog





















                Latest Blogs
            


Sample - How To Post 1


INTRODUCTION:
Your “how to” blog post should teach the reader how to do something by breaking it down into a series of steps.
Begin your blog post by explaining what problem you are going to...




Sample - How To Post


INTRODUCTION:
Your “how to” blog post should teach the reader how to do something by breaking it down into a series of steps.
Begin your blog post by explaining what problem you are going to...


























Clear Filters



Insider (2)







































 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 OUR TEAM 
 PARTNERS 
 EVENTS 
 PRESS RELEASES 
 CAREERS 
 BLOG 
 CONTACT US 
 NEWS 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 ASSOCIATIONS 
 TERMS & CONDITIONS 
 JOIN OUR MAILING LIST 






 PRODUCTS 
 Voice and Video 
 Evolved Packet Core 
 Mobile messaging 
 Mobile client 
 RAN virtualization 
 Data management 
 IMS Core 
 Diameter Signaling 
 Session border control & border gateways 






 SOLUTIONS 
 Voice over Long-Term Evolution (VoLTE) 
 RCS Cloud Services 
 Voice over Wi-Fi (VoWiFi) 
 Voice and Video Solutions 
 Converged IP Messaging 
 Rich Communication Services 
 Advanced Communications 
 Network Security 
 Monetization Services 
 Cloud RAN 
 Network Transformation 
 Cable Operators/VoWiFi 









 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 YouTube 

© Copyright Mavenir 2017





































	Mavenir | Home



















































cookie policy
Cookies are a technology that can be used to provide you with tailored information on a website. When you visit our website, we may store some information on your computer that ensures we recognize you the next time you return to our site. You can set your browser to off or to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.



                    I Accept
                














Search


Go



























                                        Multi-ID
                                    

                                        Mavenir Launches Multi-ID, a Cloud Communications Platform for Innovation in Voice, Video and Messaging
                                    

                                        More Information
                                    










                                        Mavenir Unveils its RCS Cloud Platform
                                    

                                        Providing both a Global RCS Interconnection Hub, and a Cloud Hosting Platform to enable RCS Services for Operators Globally
                                    

                                        More Information
                                    










                                        Path to 5G
                                    

                                        Mavenir's future-proof Smart C-RAN Solution delivers flexible cloud technologies for Radio Access Networks
                                    










                                        NFVi
                                    

                                        Virtualized SDN and NFV technologies provided by Mavenir offer improved programmability, faster service enablement and lower CAPEX/OPEX for CSPs.
                                    

                                        More Information
                                    










                                        Security
                                    

                                        Mavenir’s network security solution provides protection from signaling network attacks and spam and fraud exploits across the network.
                                    










                                        5G
                                    

                                        Delivering flexible cloud based technologies for the Radio Access Network, designed with today's LTE and 5G network needs in mind
                                    

                                        More Information
                                    








Previous



Next








Latest News

                    View All News
                





TMC names Mavenir’s RCS Cloud Platform a Winner






Mavenir Announces 5G Centre of Excellence in Israel




Linux Foundation announces Mavenir as new Silver member













                        Mavenir - Defining the Mobile Future
                    

                        Mavenir accelerates and redefines network transformation for Service Providers by offering a comprehensive product portfolio across every layer of the network infrastructure stack — from 5G application/service layer to the RAN and packet core. Mavenir is a software company that leads the way in evolved, cloud-proven networking solutions enabling innovative and secure new experiences for end users. Through its industry first VoLTE, VoWiFi, Advanced Messaging, Multi-ID and Cloud RAN solutions, Mavenir’s platform enables service providers to successfully deliver innovative new services, lower costs and realize new revenue streams.
                    

















                        How Mavenir’s RCS Cloud Platform offers a unique alternative
                    

                        Lowering the barrier of entry to the RCS world and enabling other compelling monetizable services is a win-win for Communications Service Providers across the globe.
                    

                            Download our Factsheet
                        
























	404















































cookie policy
Cookies are a technology that can be used to provide you with tailored information on a website. When you visit our website, we may store some information on your computer that ensures we recognize you the next time you return to our site. You can set your browser to off or to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.



                    I Accept
                














Search


Go










Home
404






            404
        





            The page you are looking for could not be found.
        















	404















































cookie policy
Cookies are a technology that can be used to provide you with tailored information on a website. When you visit our website, we may store some information on your computer that ensures we recognize you the next time you return to our site. You can set your browser to off or to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.



                    I Accept
                














Search


Go










Home
404






            404
        





            The page you are looking for could not be found.
        













Affiliates of Xura Enter into Agreements to Acquire Mitel Mobile and Ranzure Networks to Create a New Key Player in 5G Ready Mobile Network SolutionsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 36 mins.S&P Futures2,465.75-6.25 (-0.25%)Dow Futures21,710.00-33.00 (-0.15%)Nasdaq Futures5,871.00-38.50 (-0.65%)Affiliates of Xura Enter into Agreements to Acquire Mitel Mobile and Ranzure Networks to Create a New Key Player in 5G Ready Mobile Network SolutionsGlobeNewswire•December 19, 2016ReblogShareTweetSharePardeep Kohli, Co-Founder and CEO of Ranzure Networks, Appointed CEO of Xura and to Serve as CEO of the Combined CompanyEstablishes a pure play in fully-virtualized, 5G ready software solutions across every layer of the mobile network infrastructure stack, helping Communications Service Providers ("CSPs") drive efficiencies, flexibility and scalability as they adopt the cloud and virtualize their networksNew solution set enables customers to handle exponential traffic growth from Internet of Things ("IoT") and 5G applicationsKrish Prabhu, former CTO of AT&T and former President of AT&T Labs, to join the Board of Directors of the combined companyCombined company will be based in Dallas, TexasWAKEFIELD, Mass., Dec. 19, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Xura, Inc. ("Xura"), a leading provider of digital communications services, today announced that its affiliates have entered into definitive agreements to acquire Mitel Mobility, Inc. ("Mitel Mobile"), a division of Mitel Networks Corporation ("Mitel") (MITL) (MNW.TO), and Ranzure Networks, Inc. ("Ranzure").            Mitel Mobile, formerly Mavenir Systems, is a leading provider of Voice-over-Long-Term Evolution ("VoLTE"), Voice-over-WiFi ("VoWiFi"), video, Rich Communication Services ("RCS"), messaging, radio access and packet core solutionsRanzure, founded by former Mavenir Systems CEO Pardeep Kohli, is an early-stage venture focused on developing 5G Cloud Radio Access Network ("RAN") technologyThe Xura Board of Directors has appointed Pardeep Kohli, formerly CEO of Mitel Mobile`s predecessor (Mavenir Systems) and Co-Founder and CEO of Ranzure Networks, to succeed Philippe Tartavull as CEO of Xura, effective today. Upon completion of the transactions, Mr. Kohli will serve as the CEO of the combined company. Mitel Mobile President, BG Kumar, will join Mr. Kohli`s management team and former CTO of AT&T and former President of AT&T Labs, Krish Prabhu, will join the Board of Directors of the combined company. The combined company will operate from Dallas, Texas.Hubert de Pesquidoux, the executive chairman of Xura and future executive chairman of the combined company, commented:"Xura has undergone a significant transformation over the past two years, and in the last several months has successfully transitioned to private ownership with the backing and support of Siris Capital, a financial sponsor with deep experience and operational expertise in telecommunications. I would like to acknowledge Philippe Tartavull for his significant contributions to the company during this transformational period. Today`s announcement marks a new and exciting chapter for Xura, and will accelerate and enhance the combined company`s ability to grow and deliver value to its customers, partners and employees."Well Positioned to Partner with Customers to Bring the Next Wave of Digital Services to MarketThe transaction enhances each standalone company`s ability to help CSPs bring the latest monetizable services to market, while driving operating efficiencies, increased service levels, and greater flexibility and scalability as they adopt the cloud and virtualize their networks. The combined company is positioned for long-term success in the digital communications ecosystem across multiple dimensions:Product Portfolio: The combination diversifies and bolsters each predecessor company`s standalone product portfolio, delivering a comprehensive 5G ready, fully-virtualized solution set across voicemail, VoLTE, VoWiFi, video, RCS, messaging, security, radio access and packet coreInnovation and 5G Focus: The combination leverages each company`s significant investments to date in fully-virtualized and 5G ready solutions, a combined team of over 2,000 talented people dedicated to bringing 5G ready solutions to market, and a mutual focus on continued innovationCustomers at the Core: The combined company will keep customers at the core of its strategy with the vision to be the trusted partner of choice for CSPs as their business needs evolveOperational Excellence: The combined company will have scalable R&D centers of excellence in the United States, Israel, Czech Republic, India and China, enabling first-rate global support capabilitiesManagement Talent: The combination adds talented and experienced executives to supplement the Xura team, complemented by a strong Board of DirectorsHubert de Pesquidoux commented:"This is an exciting day for the three companies` stakeholders. The combination of Xura`s offerings in voicemail, messaging, monetization and security solutions with Mitel Mobile`s offerings in next-generation voice, video, RCS, network access and core solutions, alongside Ranzure`s 5G Cloud RAN technology, will offer a comprehensive, best-in-class solution set to the combined company`s global CSP customer base. Mitel Mobile and its heritage Mavenir brand and technology are synonymous with world-class innovation and customer support, and we are delighted to welcome Pardeep Kohli, who is uniquely positioned to lead the combined company."Combined Company to Benefit from World-Class Management and Board-Level SupportPardeep Kohli is a widely respected wireless veteran with over 20 years of industry experience, primarily focused on driving innovation in the telecom infrastructure space. He most recently served as the CEO of Ranzure, an early-stage developer of 5G Cloud RAN technology, and was President and CEO of Mavenir Systems from 2006 to 2015. During his time at Mavenir, Mr. Kohli grew the business from zero to $175 million in annual revenue and led multiple industry-first innovations, including the first at-scale deployments of virtualization and software defined networking to mobile core networks.Commenting on the announcement, newly appointed Xura CEO Pardeep Kohli said:"I am honored and excited to lead Xura and the combined company during this important and transformative time. Both Xura and Mitel Mobile have strong legacies of market-leading innovation and commitment to customer success. Our new company will offer a fully-virtualized, software-based solution set across every layer of the mobile network infrastructure stack, including radio access, packet core and 5G applications."We will be the only pure play solution provider with no vested interest in maintaining and promoting proprietary solutions. We look forward to partnering with our customers to achieve operational efficiencies as they prepare to handle the exponential traffic growth that the industry`s IoT and 5G applications will bring."Read MoreKrish Prabhu, who will join the combined company`s Board of Directors upon completion of the transactions, most recently served as the CTO of AT&T and President of AT&T Labs from 2011 to 2016. He previously served as Interim CEO and President of Tekelec, as CEO and President of Tellabs Inc., as a Venture Partner of Morganthaler Venture Partners, and as COO of Alcatel Telecom. Mr. Prabhu`s deep industry experience, thought leadership, and strong relationships with mobile operators will serve the Board of Directors and management team well.Conditions to Closing and AdvisorsThe transactions are subject to customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and other foreign antitrust regulatory approvals, as necessary. Upon completion of the transactions, Mitel Mobile and Ranzure will become wholly owned by affiliates of Xura. The transactions are currently expected to close in the first quarter of 2017.An affiliate of Xura has secured committed financing consisting of a combination of equity and debt. The equity financing will be provided by affiliates of Siris Capital Group, LLC ("Siris Capital") and the debt financing will be provided by a lender group led by Cerberus Business Finance, LLC.Goldman Sachs & Co. is acting as financial advisor and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP is acting as legal advisor to Mitel in connection with the transaction. Guggenheim Securities, LLC is acting as financial advisor and Sidley Austin LLP is acting as legal advisor to Xura in connection with the transactions.About XuraXura, Inc. offers a portfolio of digital services solutions that enable global communications across a variety of mobile devices and platforms. We help communication service providers (CSPs) and enterprises navigate and monetize the digital ecosystem to create innovative, new experiences through our cloud-based offerings. Our solutions touch more than three billion people through 350+ service providers and enterprises in 140+ countries. You can find us at www.Xura.com.About MitelA global provider of enterprise and mobile communications powering more than 2 billion business connections and 2 billion mobile subscribers every day, Mitel (MITL) (MNW.TO) helps businesses and mobile carriers connect, collaborate and provide innovative services to their customers. Our innovation and communications experts serve more than 60 million business users in more than 100 countries. For more information, go to www.mitel.com.About Ranzure NetworksFounded by industry veterans with extensive experience in virtualized LTE core networks and Radio Access technologies - Ranzure is focused on paving the way for seamless superfast 5G networks. Ranzure Networks has licensed Mitel Mobile technology in the area of Evolved Packet Core to support service providers as they build 5G networks for the Internet of Things. Ranzure is based in Richardson, Texas, with additional development centers in Ottawa, Canada and Bengaluru, India. Visit www.ranzure.com for more information.About Siris CapitalSiris Capital is a leading private equity firm focused on making control investments in data, telecommunications, technology and technology-enabled business service companies. Integral to Siris` investment approach is its partnership with exceptional senior operating executives, or Executive Partners, who work with Siris to identify, validate and operate investment opportunities. Their significant involvement allows Siris to partner with management to add value both operationally and strategically. To learn more, visit us at www.siriscapital.com.  Forward Looking StatementsSome of the statements in this press release are forward-looking statements (or forward-looking information) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. These include statements using the words believe, target, outlook, may, will, should, could, estimate, continue, expect, intend, plan, predict, potential, project and anticipate, and similar statements which do not describe the present or provide information about the past. There is no guarantee that the expected events or expected results will actually occur. Such statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including general economic and market conditions, industry conditions, operational and other factors. Any changes in these assumptions or other factors could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in this paragraph. Undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. In addition, material risks that could cause actual results to differ from forward-looking statements include: the inherent uncertainty associated with financial or other projections; the integration of Mitel Mobile and Ranzure and the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits from the acquisitions of Mitel Mobile and Ranzure; the ability to obtain required regulatory approvals for the acquisitions of Mitel Mobile and Ranzure, the timing of obtaining such approvals and the risk that such approvals may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the expected benefits of the acquisitions of Mitel Mobile and Ranzure; the risk that the conditions to the acquisitions are not satisfied on a timely basis or at all and the failure of the acquisitions to close for any other reason; the anticipated size of the markets and continued demand for Xura, Mitel Mobile and Ranzure products; access to available financing on a timely basis and on reasonable terms, including the refinancing of Xura`s debt to fund a portion of the cash purchase price in connection with the acquisitions; Xura`s ability to achieve or sustain profitability following the acquisitions; fluctuations in quarterly and annual revenues and operating results; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; current and ongoing global economic instability, political unrest and related sanctions; intense competition; and Xura`s ability to implement and achieve its business strategies successfully.  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made.  Except as required by law, Xura does not have any intention or obligation to update or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, future events or developments, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting the forward-looking statements.Media Contacts:US PR Contact: Lydia Fakhouri Matter lfakhouri@matternow.com O: +1 (971) 246 7896 M: +1 (302) 381 9690European PR Contact: Max Deeley Hotwire max.deeley@hotwirepr.com O: +44 (0) 20 7608 8344 M: +44 (0) 7725959205Xura Contact: Maria Hudson Xura maria.hudson@xura.com M: +44 (0) 7894604040 This announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: Xura, Inc. via GlobeNewswireHUG#2066328ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextOpioid protest leads to change at drug wholesalerABC NewsEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderRepublicans warn Trump: No confirmation hearing for a Sessions replacement, and no recess appointment eitherBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderWhite House comms director Scaramucci: 'I'm not Steve Bannon, I'm not trying to suck my own c--k'Business InsiderStarbucks CEO: The Amazon-Whole Foods deal shows where retail is goingYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredGoogle is quietly buying properties worth $820 million in Silicon Valley as it looks to keep growingCNBCAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoPutin critic says Russian lawyer's Trump Tower meeting was about sanctionsGreg: A lawyer, a spy, a mob boss, and a money launder walk into a bar. The bartender says: "you guys must be here to talk about adoption."Join the Conversation1 / 5349








