RapidSOS Haven - Emergency App - Android Apps on Google Play                                            Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch             Apps       My apps     Shop      Games     Family     Editors' Choice            Movies & TV       My movies & TV     Shop      TV     Family     Studios     Networks            Music       My music     Shop            Books       My books     Shop      Comics     Textbooks     Children's Books            Newsstand       My newsstand     Shop            Devices       Shop            Entertainment          Account     Redeem     Buy gift card     My wishlist     My Play activity     Parent Guide                  Categories              Android Wear  Art & Design  Auto & Vehicles  Beauty  Books & Reference  Business  Comics  Communication  Dating  Education  Entertainment  Events  Finance  Food & Drink  Health & Fitness  House & Home  Libraries & Demo  Lifestyle  Maps & Navigation  Medical  Music & Audio  News & Magazines  Parenting  Personalization  Photography  Productivity  Shopping  Social  Sports  Tools  Travel & Local  Video Players & Editors  Weather       Games    Action  Adventure  Arcade  Board  Card  Casino  Casual  Educational  Music  Puzzle  Racing  Role Playing  Simulation  Sports  Strategy  Trivia  Word       Family    Ages 5 & Under  Ages 6-8  Ages 9 & Up  Action & Adventure  Brain Games  Creativity  Education  Music & Video  Pretend Play                        Home            Top Charts            New Releases                                       Settings      Android Device Manager                       RapidSOS Haven - Emergency App           123        RapidSOS Inc.   Lifestyle         Everyone     Offers in-app purchases     Loading device compatibility...                         Add to Wishlist   Adding...   Added to Wishlist   Remove   Removing...      Item added to wishlist.     Item removed from wishlist.       1                Install                                                                                     RapidSOS Haven is a safety and security app for the whole family. The Haven app puts the power of a home security system right on your Android device, providing family safety everywhere you go. Haven lets you reach 911 dispatchers quickly and send data to 911 during medical emergencies, fires, ongoing crimes, car crashes, and any other instances that require emergency help. Limited time only: Receive a free Family Plan subscription for a year. You will not be charged until your free period is over and you select a subscription plan.NOTE: Haven is ready after a simple 3­-step signup process (account creation, phone number entry, and SMS pin verification). Make sure you are ready for an emergency by signing up immediately after downloading the app; don't wait for a medical emergency, car crash, or fire to open Haven for the first time. With just one touch on our emergency app, RapidSOS Haven connects you to the closest 911 dispatch center and sends your location (even if you don’t know where you are!), the type of emergency you’re experiencing, and relevant medical and demographic data. During an emergency, information is sent via data feed to compatible dispatcher systems or via text­-to-­speech if you can’t speak.If you are having a medical emergency that makes it difficult to speak or you feel it is unsafe to speak, Haven lets you send text messages to 911 dispatchers. If you can’t speak, the app will transmit or speak your contact information, type of emergency, and other important data.Family safety and connectivityWith this revolutionary Android app, choose emergency contacts to be notified in case of an emergency. Family, friends, doctors, trusted coworkers, and caretakers – the app alerts them of your situation. Prioritize family safety and keep your loved ones connected and informed.Intelligently manages connectionHaven technology measures the bandwidth of your connection and chooses the best channel to connect over – from WiFi to 4G, 3G, and 2G – so that you can contact help even in challenging environments. Whether you need paramedics, police, rescue teams, firefighters, EMTs or other medical emergency professionals – with RapidSOS Haven, you can reach 911 with only one tap on the screen.Subscription plansLimited time only: Receive a free Family Plan subscription for a year. You will not be charged until your free period is over and you select a subscription plan.For Family Safety:	90 days free with Family Yearly Plan $49.99/year30 days free with Family Monthly Plan $4.99/monthFor Personal Use:90 days free with Individual Yearly Plan $29.99/year30 days free with Individual Monthly Plan $2.99/month      Read more                  My review                               Review from                                            Reviews       4.3        123 total      5   79   4   24   3   9   2   4   1   7       Helpfulness      Newest  Rating  Helpfulness                        Jeff Rulifson          Sends both SMS and email. I need that feature. Cannot find companion app for LG Watch Sport. That's a big negative for me. With my heart condition the watch app is very important.                    Metro Atlanta Stars          Ok                    Jacob Crosby         Excellent use of technology! This functionality is GREAT! I wish there were more implementations of technology that ACTUALLY did something useful, instead of twitter on your microwave... The only thing I don't like, us that it doesn't notify you that your contacts will be notified during a test... 3am, couldn't sleep, phone calls concerned about what is going on from sleeping family! Not cool. Other than that, fantastic! Especially given my personal medical issues.                            Missing key features of the Patronus app in which it replaces like "On My Way" which would allow you to send your destination to friends and family and give them updates as well as an automated notification of when you safely arrived. Overall it's a promising app but I have experienced several forced close instances as well as failure to complete test calls over WiFi.                    Mrs. C         OK I guess, haven't had to use it!!! I do want to point out that paying $50 a year for a family plan is ridiculous. you should only have to pay it once. Talk about money hungry. The developer of this app is greedy!!! And it's messed up for them to make money based on people's emotions for their loved ones, because what person wouldn't want to be connected to their loved ones in a crisis situation??? Also, isn't paramedics and emts the same thing? Duh!!! idiots!!! I'll give 3 stars for the idea of this app that's it!                    Deidre Miller         Great app Awesome idea            User reviews               Jeff Rulifson  April 5, 2017                         Sends both SMS and email. I need that feature. Cannot find companion app for LG Watch Sport. That's a big negative for me. With my heart condition the watch app is very important.   Full Review                    Metro Atlanta Stars  March 22, 2017                         Ok   Full Review                    Jacob Crosby  January 11, 2017                        Excellent use of technology! This functionality is GREAT! I wish there were more implementations of technology that ACTUALLY did something useful, instead of twitter on your microwave... The only thing I don't like, us that it doesn't notify you that your contacts will be notified during a test... 3am, couldn't sleep, phone calls concerned about what is going on from sleeping family! Not cool. Other than that, fantastic! Especially given my personal medical issues.   Full Review                    January 21, 2017                         Missing key features of the Patronus app in which it replaces like "On My Way" which would allow you to send your destination to friends and family and give them updates as well as an automated notification of when you safely arrived. Overall it's a promising app but I have experienced several forced close instances as well as failure to complete test calls over WiFi.   Full Review                    Mrs. C  January 11, 2017                        OK I guess, haven't had to use it!!! I do want to point out that paying $50 a year for a family plan is ridiculous. you should only have to pay it once. Talk about money hungry. The developer of this app is greedy!!! And it's messed up for them to make money based on people's emotions for their loved ones, because what person wouldn't want to be connected to their loved ones in a crisis situation??? Also, isn't paramedics and emts the same thing? Duh!!! idiots!!! I'll give 3 stars for the idea of this app that's it!   Full Review                    Deidre Miller  January 11, 2017                        Great app Awesome idea   Full Review                    Bryan Wiley  September 5, 2016                        It works - but be careful Downloaded it and accidently hit the fire button. They showed up in full force 10 minutes after the call. Embarrassing butt dial for my sister in law. I'll probably never be invited over again.   Full Review                    Tim S  August 20, 2016                        Hey hay hay u ppl &gt;&gt;    .  I'm sure You helped me out in a lot of other people out by having the service my hat's off to you   Full Review                    Raymond Myers  August 19, 2016                        Definitely a comfort Having a program to safely monitor your condition  is asset, but its future as a platform for other uses is exciting   Full Review                    Hal Anger Sr.  September 4, 2016                        Retired electrician Tks for the safety in a corrupt world.   Full Review                    Daquan Brown  October 7, 2016                        Gr8 It really worked in call in they was out with in minutes   Full Review                    Jeff Vahala  August 8, 2016                        Got help works again! Was a Great a Great app! Everyone should have this application that has a cell phone that travels! Got a response from Charlotte for assistance, great customer service!   Full Review       RapidSOS Inc. August 7, 2016  Hi Jeff - we're sorry for your frustrating experience and would like to work with you to get this understood right away. I'll be reaching via our support@rapidsos.com email so we can get some more details and you can back up and running ASAP!                  Andrey Tydnyuk  July 28, 2016                        Great app Yes, it calls 911 for you if you press the button and leave it alone without talking to the dispatcher. No, It's not a bug.   Full Review                    Hiyabel Tewoldemedhin  July 25, 2016                         Saw John Oliver's segment on 911, had to get this. Makes me feel a whole lot safer and it's super clear & intuitive to use. Can't wait for family connect   Full Review                    Raveen Ollalwar  July 14, 2016                        App crash App is crashing after upgrade. Not even opening.   Full Review       RapidSOS Inc. July 14, 2016  Hi Raveen - Sorry to hear your app crashed after the update - this is the first report of that behavior. Please contact us at support@rapidsos.com - we'd love to hear more about what happened so we can help address it for you!                  Rasmus Schøler Sørensen  July 3, 2016                        Was supposed to receive free service through my city. I used a sign-up link that was supposed to give me free access as a resident of Cambridge MA. However, after logging into the app, it still asks me to "start 3 months free trial" or buy service.   Full Review       RapidSOS Inc. July 4, 2016  Hi Rasmus! Hopefully you've seen our reply to your email to our support address - you are good to go! We're always happy to answer this and other concerns directed to support@RapidSOS.com. Thanks for your interest in RapidSOS Haven.                  Magic Mike  July 13, 2016                        Awesomeness saice everrrrr een in Greece. . Mvto,gracious  $#€×+   Full Review                    Regina Jaslow  June 29, 2016                        Safety app everyone needs The safety app works well during test calls. It's good to know that 911 will get my address wherever I travel so that they can save time dispatching me help in an emergency.   Full Review                    Eric Zhong  June 27, 2016                        Why is this app not built into my phone already? Much better than calling 911!   Full Review                    Moritz Baier  June 27, 2016                        Fantastic idea and great app Already feel safer having Haven on my phone.   Full Review       RapidSOS Inc. June 29, 2016  Great to hear it, Moritz!                  Kevin Stumpf  June 28, 2016                        Brilliant An app that can save lives - thank you for solving a real problem.   Full Review                    Shir Rinot  June 28, 2016                         Many problems ! Still Pre-muture   Full Review       RapidSOS Inc. June 29, 2016  Hi Shir - thanks for trying out RapidSOS! We are constantly striving to create a safety product that meets the needs of our users and would love to hear your particular concerns. Please email support@rapidsos.com and a member of our customer support team will promptly help answer questions or appropriately direct feedback!                  Adam Garon  May 20, 2016                        Good customer service App in "simulation mode" dialed 911 and then crashed the actual phone app causing me to dial 911 and have to talk to an operator wasting their time. Company assured me they were looking at the issue and working to prevent future problems.   Full Review       RapidSOS Inc. May 18, 2016  Adam, we apologize for this confusing experience with our test mode. We use feedback from users to continue to improve the Haven experience. While we have addressed your concerns in your email to our support team (support@rapidsos.com account), please don't hesitate to let us know of any additional questions or thoughts on the user experience!                  Mick Raimann  May 19, 2016                        Great App!!! Please Read!! I hope this helps you AND the Devs! For those of you out there that believe the app did not work properly and it dialed while you were in test mode, you are wrong. I had the same thing happen to me this morning. The moment you set up the app and you leave the app or shut it off and come back into it, you are no longer in test mode! The only time you are in test mode, you will see an orange bar or something like that saying that you are in test mode on the top of the screen.       4 the Devs: keep a notice on top that says TEST or LIVE.   Full Review       RapidSOS Inc. May 20, 2016  Thanks for your thoughtful exploration of our app, Mick! We at RapidSOS strive to create the best user experience possible and will pass along your thoughts to our product and development teams. Glad to have you as part of the RapidSOS Haven community - stay tuned for additional enhancements and new features!                  Tim Driver  January 11, 2017                        Security Concerns Answered If my family signs up for this, my biggest concern is the security of our personal data on your system. How secure is our data across your system? And thanks so much for your comforting explanation. Boosting this nice program to a 4*.   Full Review       RapidSOS Inc. May 18, 2016  Hi Tim! Your info is only shared with 9-1-1 when you have initiated a call through Haven. We use infrastructure with strong safeguards to protect data & privacy. We also employ encryption data transmission technologies used by leading financial institutions to keep confidentiality. Please contact support@rapidsos.com if you have further questions.                  Sarina Mortin  May 18, 2016                        Nice features Texting feature is really nice since I can imagine if there was an intruder in my home I would be hiding in a closet, unable to speak, and texting 911 would be the only way to let police know what's going on and where I'm hiding   Full Review                    William Parrish  May 18, 2016                         I always thought your cell phone told 911 dispatchers your name and location, but I was wrong! This app is the only way to make sure dispatchers get that info, and I think the "can't speak" ability to text is something we all should have had on our phones long ago   Full Review                    Byron Morgan  May 18, 2016                        OK for medical or fire maybe Maybe ok for medical or fire or other non-violent emergencies. In the case of criminal activity is still infinitely slower than the response time of a 9mm   Full Review                    Jason Jaslow  May 18, 2016                         I have called 9-1-1 twice before so I know how they can't tell your location when calling from a cell phone. From playing around with Haven in test mode I can see that this app sends 9-1-1 my location and works really well.   Full Review                    Joshua Viera  October 23, 2016                        Works but calls the police instantly without prior notice. Not going to use this thing again. This calls the police even though I've cancelled the call request with a few seconds left to do so. Its pretty dang embarrassing drive the police came to my house...   Full Review                    Daniel Jacob Chacko  July 28, 2016                        ABSOLUTELY AWFUL I had just gotten the app and set it all up. I put my phone down with the app open and put a charging cable in and went down stairs to get the number of an emergency contact. When I came back the app had a call to 911 going for a fire. I ended the call quickly. It was too late. All my emergency contacts had been notified and the speedy Westchester 911 services showed up with 6 engines and 4 police cars. This happened when I WASNT EVEN HOLDING THE PHONE   Full Review       RapidSOS Inc. July 28, 2016  Hi Daniel, apologies for this disconcerting experience. Please contact us at support@rapidsos.com so that we can walk through the incident with you and better understand what occurred. We take user feedback seriously and want to ensure that you and all users feel comfortable using Haven in an emergency.                  Katy Hall  May 18, 2016                        Great app! This app has worked very well for me on test mode. I WAS trying to test it from the basement of my house (have always had certain fear of basements so it seemed like a great test scenario) and WiFi connectivity was perfect. This is a great idea and I am so happy there is finally something like this out here   Full Review                    Kaiying Liao  August 8, 2016                        Awesome! Really useful app -- gets you directly to the right call centers so you don't have to transfer through multiple centers (has happened to me before and isn't pleasant when you are in a bit of a panic). Not worried about getting help anymore if I run into trouble or see someone in trouble when driving on the freeways!   Full Review                    Arie Uke  August 29, 2016                        Too large For such a simple app, it should NOT take 500MB. It's too bad. The app itself is a great idea. I just wish it were smaller.   Full Review                    Brian Evans  June 26, 2016                        Very Clever I am excited about the capabilities of this app! I played with it on test mode while I was out and it always pinpointed my location. Then i could text more info and the app passed it along to the 911. I also added my personal information and emergency contacts which make for useful additional features.   Full Review                    Megan Phd  September 18, 2016                        Permissions Why would this app need permissions for my external storage, pictures, camera, etc.  Too intrusive.   Full Review                    Reinhard Ekl  May 16, 2016                        Awesome product Like John Oliver said, 9-1-1 really needs an upgrade and it looks like this is!   Full Review                    karina rodriguez  May 16, 2016                        Love it Definitely a life saver. Much better than calling 911.   Full Review                    Charles Rogers  December 12, 2016                         Asking for way too much private info. Only using 911 service instead of direct campus links.   Full Review                    Marcus Richards  July 3, 2016                        Seems like a great App I am just trying it out now will see how it works out.   Full Review             Review deleted         Additional information     Updated April 21, 2017   Installs   50,000 - 100,000     Current Version  1.21.16     Requires Android       5.0 and up       Content Rating Everyone Learn more    Interactive Elements  Users Interact, Shares Info, Shares Location   In-app Products $2.99 - $49.99 per item   Permissions  View details    Report  Flag as inappropriate     Offered By  RapidSOS Inc.    Developer    Visit website   Email info@rapidsos.com   Privacy Policy  234 W 39th St, Floor 9
New York, New York 10018                              RapidSOS Inc.   See more                  Pre-ordered            SOS Beacon    RapidSOS Inc.    1  Free       SOS Beacon sends your precise location to dispatchers when you call/text 911.                  1  Free                Similar                 Pre-ordered            SOS Beacon    RapidSOS Inc.    1  Free       SOS Beacon sends your precise location to dispatchers when you call/text 911.                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            eMERGE 911    eMERGE, LLC    1  Free       Increase your chances of being found during an emergency!                  1  Free                      Pre-ordered            SirenGPS Mobile    SirenGPS, Inc    1  Free       One touch first responder panic button can also connect you with local services.                  1  Free               Show More      ©2017 Google  Site Terms of Service  Privacy  Developers  Artists  About Google   By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments  Terms of Service  and  Privacy Notice .        

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














RapidSOS Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























rapidsos inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
RapidSOS, Inc. offers healthcare software. The Company develops mobile safety and emergency communication application that enables to contact emergency dispatchers. RapidSOS serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

234 West 39th Street
Floor 9
New York, NY 10018
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.rapidsos.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































How Designers Are Becoming The Next Generation of CEOs | Inc.com
































































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 





































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  DESIGN
													







How Designers Are Becoming The Next Generation of CEOs


Design leadership has worked its way up to the CEO position. Here's what CEOs that champion design have to say.






 By Yazin Akkawi 


Yazin Akkawi is the founder and principal of MSTQ, an experience design consultancy in Chicago. Above all, Akkawi is driven by an audacious vision: to shape the future by empowering forward-thinking companies with design.
@atyazin 


Founder and principal, MSTQ@atyazin 










WRITE A COMMENT






















Many new companies are proving that design is leading the way.

CREDIT: Getty Images










For today's forward-thinking companies, user experience (UX) design has become firmly ingrained as a vital component--so much so that design leadership has worked its way up to the CEO position.
A  survey of 408 companies by the New Enterprise Associates found that 85 percent of startups have CEOs or C-level executives weigh in on design decisions. Within those companies, the design efforts have led to a measurable impact to business results--leading to more sales, higher customer retention, and faster product cycles.
These days, companies that are design-centric are led by CEOs that prioritize UX. They proactively cultivate design thinking and they know that behind every number is a person. They're constantly looking for ways to make the end-to-end experience across every touchpoint, offline and online, better for their customers.
Part of this trend is likely because we've seen so much success from companies founded by designers. For example, Pinterest, Airbnb, Kickstarter, Tumblr, Twitter were all founded or co-founded by individuals who were formerly designers by trade. Some might even argue that Steve Jobs, while never formerly referred to as a designer, may have been one of the most accomplished designers of our generation.
To dive deeper into the matter, I spoke with 4 successful, design-centric CEOs on why they believe UX and design matters. Here's what they had to say.
David McIntosh, co-founder and CEO of Tenor
According to David McIntosh, UX goes beyond the surface and served as the foundation for building Tenor's GIF sharing platform, which has over 200 million active users each month.
"Great user experience is the foundation of modern digital businesses. Some assume user experience is synonymous with visual design, when in fact every part of the business from backend engineering to business development has to work in concert to deliver a great user experience. At Tenor, the visual skeleton of our product is just the tip of the iceberg -- our highest-expectation customers want to find the perfect GIF that helps them express their exact emotion as fast as possible."
Michael Martin, CEO of RapidSOS
Named startup of the year by Consumer Technology Association, RapidSOS's Michael Martin puts an emphasis on UX to make his users feel secure.
"When we originally set out to solve the 911 mobile location challenge, we developed an app-based solution that required users to abandon their natural behavior of simply dialing 911 in an emergency.
When it comes to someone calling for help, we have to ensure that our designs aren't confusing, misleading, or distracting. We focus our efforts on creating interfaces that are conducive to quick actions, and we give plenty of feedback and confirmations to the user whenever an action is taken. Our main goal with our designs is to build trust and an overall feeling of security."
Brian Barnes, CEO of M1 Finance
With M1 Finance poised to disrupt the wealth management industry, Brian Barnes believes UX is the best way to earn customer trust.
"The entire finance industry has made investing more complicated than it needs to be; it's an industry that's dominated by incumbents and regulations.
Where UX comes in is distilling all of your investing information down to its simplest form; providing only the information you need to make an investment decision. User experience also helps win trust with users, which is especially difficult to do in the finance industry where people are uncomfortable to begin with. We can't make mistakes when we're stewards of people's money."
Pat Vihtelic, CEO of Home Chef
With Pat Vihtelic at the helm of Home Chef, the meal-kit service delivering more than 1.5 million meals per month, UX helps bridge the gap between online and offline interactions with the company.
"In the meal kit delivery space, user experience matters online and offline. Our menu design -- not just how they are displayed on the website, but also the design and ease of execution of recipes themselves -- is critical to customer satisfaction. We think about customer experience at each point along the journey. Our advertising is straightforward, our website is simple and intuitive, and our recipes designed to be cooked by chefs of all levels. Critical design is important at each point on the journey."
Final Thoughts
It's no coincidence that CEOs have adopted designer mindsets (or designer mindsets have enabled some to rise to CEO). For companies to succeed in today's (and tomorrow's) economy, design must be at the heart of everything these companies do.
At its core, design is about people. Company decisions (not just product or marketing decisions) should be made on true customer insight. When design thinking is embedded in company culture, it enables companies to find success by focusing all of their efforts around customer problems.


The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com.



Published on: Jun 30, 2017










































































































      
  Privacy Policy | RapidSOS

    





































              ABOUT
            



              9-1-1 COMMUNITY
            



              REQUEST A DEMO
            

























                  PRODUCTS
                



                  CONNECTED DEVICES
                



                  ENTERPRISE
                



                  NON-PROFIT
                



                  PERSONAL SAFETY
                



                  9-1-1 COMMUNITY
                



                  OUR STORY
                



                  REQUEST A DEMO
                



                    LOGIN
                  



                    SIGN UP
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    OVERVIEW
                  



                    HAVEN SDK & API
                  



                    HAVEN APP FOR BUSINESS
                  



                    PREDICTIVE ANALYTICS
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    CONNECTED CAR
                  



                    WEARABLES
                  



                    HOME SECURITY & IOT
                  



                    MOBILE APPS
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    INSURANCE
                  



                    FLEET MANAGEMENT
                  



                    CORPORATE SECURITY
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    ABUSE PREVENTION
                  



                    DISABILITIES & MEDICAL CONDITIONS
                  



                    SCHOOLS & UNIVERSITIES
                  



                    MUNICIPALITIES
                  



                    AFFINITY GROUPS
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    PERSONAL SAFETY
                  



                    WHY HAVEN
                  



                    OUR PARTNERS
                  



                    SAFER TOGETHER MOVEMENT
                  



                      LOGIN
                    



                      SIGN UP
                    


























                    BACK
                  



                    OVERVIEW
                  



                    RAPIDSOS HAVEN APP
                  



                    PSAP INTEGRATION
                  



                    9-1-1 ADVISORY BOARD
                  



                    9-1-1 HEROES AWARD
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    OUR TEAM
                  



                    WHY RAPIDSOS
                  



                    BLOG
                  



                    PRESS
                  



                    CAREERS
                  

















          Privacy Policy
        


        Last Updated: November 1, 2016
      

        Welcome, and thank you for your interest in RapidSOS, Inc. (“RapidSOS”, “we
        ,” or “us”) and our Web site at RapidSOS.com (the “Site”), as well as all 
        related web sites, networks, applications, and other services provided by us and on which a link to this 
        Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) is displayed (collectively, together with the Site, our “Service
        ”).
        
        This Policy describes the information that we gather from you (“you”) on the Service, how we 
        use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By using the Service, 
        you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy. 
        
        This Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the RapidSOS Terms of Use. Capitalized terms used but not 
        defined in this Policy have the meaning given to them in the RapidSOS Terms of Use. 
      




          The information we collect on the Service:
        




        Your Personal Data
      

        When you use the Service, you may provide and we may collect what is generally called 
        personally identifiable information, or personal information, which is information that specifically 
        identifies an individual.  For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, we refer to such information as 
        “Personal Information.” Examples of Personal Information include name, email address, mailing address, mobile 
        phone number, and credit card or other billing information. Personal Information also includes other 
        information, such as date of birth, geographic area, or preferences, when any such information is linked to 
        information that identifies a specific individual. You may provide us with Personal Information in various 
        ways on the Service. For example, you provide us with Personal Information when you register for an account, 
        use the Service, make a purchase on the Service, or send us customer service-related requests. Personal 
        Information will also include any information about other adults or children (for whom you must have 
        appropriate legal responsibility or appropriate prior consent) that you enter into the Service. Personal 
        Information will also include any health-related information about yourself or others that you enter into or 
        provide to the Service. You are not required to provide any health-related information in order to use the 
        Service, but if you do, that Personal Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
      



        Geo-location information
      

        When you use the Service, we collect geo-location information from your device to 
        determine your physical location.
      



        Cookies and Automatically Collected Information
      

        When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of 
        alphanumeric characters – to your device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session 
        cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and 
        may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Please review your web browser “Help" file 
        to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to 
        accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest 
        potential.
        
        We may also automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology, 
        including “clear gifs" or “web beacons.” This automatically collected information may include your IP address 
        or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just 
        before or just after you use the Service, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on 
        the Service, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service. We also may use these 
        technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you 
        opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. This information is gathered from all users, and may be connected 
        with your Personal Information.
      



        Third Party Web Beacons and Third Party Buttons
      

        We may also implement third-party content or advertising on the Service that may use clear gifs
        or other forms of web beacons, which allow the third-party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser
        in connection with your viewing of the third party content on the Service. Additionally, we may implement third party
        buttons (such as Facebook “like” or “share” buttons) that may allow third parties to collect information about you
        through such third parties’ browser cookies, even when you do not interact with the button. Information collected through
        web beacons and buttons is collected directly by these third parties, and RapidSOS does not participate in that data
        transmission. Information collected by a third party in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection,
        use, and disclosure policies.
      



        Information from Other Sources
      

        We may obtain information, including Personal Information, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as
        our partners and advertisers. If we combine or associate information from other sources with Personal Information that we
        collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.
      

        How we use the information we collect
      

        We use information we collect on the Service in a variety of ways in providing the Service and
        operating our business, including the following:
      


          We use the information that we collect on the Service to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the
          Service, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and otherwise
          to provide support to users, and to process and deliver entries and rewards in connection with promotions that may be
          offered from time to time on the Service. For example, we use information we collect to:
        


            Make information about you or your household available to Subscribers, Emergency Service Providers, or Users, as
            applicable in accordance with any opt-in preferences you set.
          

            Allow you to communicate with Subscribers, Emergency Service Providers, or Users via multiple communication means, including 
            telephonically, via text/SMS, or via video.
          

            Allow you to make information about you or your household searchable to participating Subscribers, Emergency Service Providers, 
            or Users for the purposes of emergency planning and/or response.
          

            Allow Users to send emergency and general interest notifications ("Notification Services") to you via various communication 
            methods (e.g., voice calls, text messaging, email, etc.).
          

            Allow you to share your location and information with Subscribers, Emergency Service Providers, or Users in accordance 
             with any opt-in preference you set.
          

            Allow you to send photo, text, and other messages to Subscribers, Users, and Emergency Service Providers.
          

            By registering with any of the Notification Services, you consent to be contacted through SMS, email, or voice call via an 
            automated dialer using a pre-recorded message, by RapidSOS or Users.
          

            By creating an account, you consent to periodically receive text messages. The frequency of these messages will depend on 
            how your use the Service, and how frequently Subscribers, Emergency Service Providers, or Users send messages through 
            the Service. Message and data rates may apply.
          

            At any time, you may stop messages from being sent to your mobile phone by simply adjusting the settings on your RapidSOS 
            application.
          


          We use the information that we collect on the Service to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, 
          to improve the Service, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
        

          We may use your email address or other information we collect on the Service (i) to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service or (ii) to send 
          communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us and by
          third parties we work with. Generally, you have the ability to opt-out of receiving certain promotional communications as 
          described below under “Your Choices.”
        

          We may use cookies and automatically collected information we collect to: (i) personalize our Service, such as remembering 
          your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (ii) provide 
          customized advertisements, content, and information; (iii) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of Service and third-party 
          marketing activities; (iv) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track 
          your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities on the Service.
        

          You may at any time prohibit the Service from collecting location information by turning this feature off on the mobile 
          device, but the Service may not be able to function normally. You expressly consent to our use of location-based services, and you 
          expressly waive and release us from any and all liability, claims, causes of action or damages arising from your use of the 
          Service, or in any way relating to the use of the geo-location and other location-based services.
        




        When we disclose information
      

        We may disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
      


          Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Service, will be available to anyone 
          who has access to that content, including other users.
        

          We work with third party service providers to provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services for 
          us. These third parties may have access to or process your information as part of providing those services for us. Generally, 
          we limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform 
          their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
        

          We may make certain information (including Personal Information) available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) 
          compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in 
          understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, 
          promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service. We may also use Personal Information you provide to contact 
          you or allow third parties to contact you regarding products, services, and offers that you may find of interest. If you do not 
          want to receive marketing communications based on the information you enter into or provide to the Service, you may remove this 
          information from the Service at any time, and you have the ability to opt-out of receiving certain promotional communications 
          as described below under “Your Choices.”
        

          We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with 
          state and federal laws, in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise 
          cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
        

          We also reserve the right to disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to (i) take 
          precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) 
          investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the 
          Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights 
          (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
        

           Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or 
           successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the 
           event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as 
           one of our business assets.
        




        White-Label Service
      

        We may provide the Service as a white-label service to our partners.  In this situation, we may share the 
        information that you provide us to our partners, and that information will be controlled by such partner’s 
        privacy practices. Our privacy practices may also be controlled by the contract we have with the white-label 
        partner and such partner’s privacy policy.  If you have questions about our partner’s privacy practices, we 
        will refer you to our partner.
      



        Your Choices
      

        You may, of course, decline to share certain Personal Information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the 
        features and functionality of the Service. You may update, correct, or delete your account information and preferences at any time by 
        accessing your account preferences page on the Service. If you wish to access or amend any other Personal Information we hold about you, 
        you may contact us at support@RapidSOS.com. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases 
        instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and 
        abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
        
        If you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You 
        may also opt-out from receiving commercial email from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from 
        time to time, by sending your request to us by email at privacy@RapidSOS.com or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this 
        policy. We may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive 
        from us in user account functionality on the Service.
        
        Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional 
        communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your request, and you may receive promotional 
        communications from us that you have opted-out from during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial 
        messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Service.
      



        Third-Party Services
      

        The Service may contain features or links to Web sites and services provided by third parties. Any information you provide on 
        third-party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if 
        any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and 
        security practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you 
        to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
      



        Children’s Privacy
      

        Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Our Site is a general audience site not directed to children under 
        the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent. 
        If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that Personal 
        Information has been collected on the Service from persons under 13 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take 
        the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 13 years of 
        age has obtained an account on the Service, then you may alert us at support@RapidSOS.com and request that we delete that child’s 
        Personal Information from our systems. 
      



        Data Security
      

        We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and 
        security of Personal Data that we collect and maintain. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of 
        any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot 
        guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our 
        physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. 
        
        If we learn of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can 
        take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs. 
      



        Privacy Settings
      

        Although we may allow you to adjust your privacy settings to limit access to certain Personal Information, please be aware that no 
        security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on the 
        Service. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Further, even after 
        information posted on the Service is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third 
        parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Service. We cannot and do not guarantee that information you post 
        on or transmit to the Service will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
      



        International Visitors
      

        The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Service 
        from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please 
        note that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, 
        we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your 
        requests, and operating the Service. By providing any information, including Personal Information, on or to the Service, you consent 
        to such transfer, storage, and processing.
      



        Changes and Updates to this Policy
      

        Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to time. If we modify this 
        Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that the modifications 
        materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may 
        send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the 
        Service for the first time a er such material changes are made. Your continued use of the Service a er the revised Policy has become 
        effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of this Policy.
      



        Your California Privacy Rights
      

        Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California customers are entitled to request information relating to whether a business has 
        disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. As explained elsewhere in this 
        Privacy Policy, RapidSOS will not sell or transfer your Personal Information with third party companies for their direct marketing 
        purposes without your consent. California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this 
        statute or who have questions more generally about our Privacy Policy and our privacy commitments to our customers and Site users 
        should not hesitate to contact us at the address below.
      



        Our Contact Information
      

        Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, your Personal Information, our use and disclosure practices, 
        or your consent choices by email at support@RapidSOS.com.
        
        RapidSOS, Inc.
        234 West 39th Street
        Floor 9
        New York, NY 10018
      










































      
  RapidSOS | Transformative Technology to Save Lives

    





































              ABOUT
            



              9-1-1 COMMUNITY
            



              REQUEST A DEMO
            

























                  PRODUCTS
                



                  CONNECTED DEVICES
                



                  ENTERPRISE
                



                  NON-PROFIT
                



                  PERSONAL SAFETY
                



                  9-1-1 COMMUNITY
                



                  OUR STORY
                



                  REQUEST A DEMO
                



                    LOGIN
                  



                    SIGN UP
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    OVERVIEW
                  



                    HAVEN SDK & API
                  



                    HAVEN APP FOR BUSINESS
                  



                    PREDICTIVE ANALYTICS
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    CONNECTED CAR
                  



                    WEARABLES
                  



                    HOME SECURITY & IOT
                  



                    MOBILE APPS
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    INSURANCE
                  



                    FLEET MANAGEMENT
                  



                    CORPORATE SECURITY
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    ABUSE PREVENTION
                  



                    DISABILITIES & MEDICAL CONDITIONS
                  



                    SCHOOLS & UNIVERSITIES
                  



                    MUNICIPALITIES
                  



                    AFFINITY GROUPS
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    PERSONAL SAFETY
                  



                    WHY HAVEN
                  



                    OUR PARTNERS
                  



                    SAFER TOGETHER MOVEMENT
                  



                      LOGIN
                    



                      SIGN UP
                    


























                    BACK
                  



                    OVERVIEW
                  



                    RAPIDSOS HAVEN APP
                  



                    PSAP INTEGRATION
                  



                    9-1-1 ADVISORY BOARD
                  



                    9-1-1 HEROES AWARD
                  


























                    BACK
                  



                    OUR TEAM
                  



                    WHY RAPIDSOS
                  



                    BLOG
                  



                    PRESS
                  



                    CAREERS
                  


















        Transformative technology to save lives
      

        Providing a direct data link from millions of devices to 9-1-1 and
        responders
      







        Choose your category
      




            CONNECTED CAR
          




            HOME SECURITY & IOT
          




            WEARABLES
            




            MOBILE APPS
          











                      FLEET MANAGEMENT
                    




                      CORPORATE SECURITY
                    




                      INSURANCE
                    




                      MUNICIPALITIES
                    







VIEW



























                Partnering with you, the largest tech companies, and the public 
                safety community to transform emergency response
              





TRANSFORMED EMERGENCY RESPONSE

                Faster, more effective response (1-5+ min faster, 2-10% reduced
                mortality, 6.9% reduction in healthcare treatment costs).
              


                  Learn More
                



SAFETY, SECURITY ACROSS YOUR LIFE

                Connecting loved ones, employees, devices, and responders in an
                ecosystem of safety, security, and wellness.
              

Learn More



PREDICT & PREEMPT EMERGENCIES

                Unprecedented knowledge of when and where emergencies are
                occurring globally.
              

Learn More















                  RapidSOS Emergency Platform
                

                  Sends precise location and additional data from any connected
                  device to 9-1-1, responders and emergency contacts.
                


                    Request a Demo
                  








                    CONNECTED DEVICES
                  





SMARTPHONES



MOBILE APPS



SMART HOME DEVICES



CONNECTED CAR



WEARABLES







                    RAPIDSOS
                  




PRECISE LOCATION


MULTIMEDIA


VOICE


MEDICAL DATA


DEMOGRAPHIC DATA


REAL TIME HEALTH DATA


VEHICLE TELEMATICS


EMERGENCY TYPE







                    EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE
                  





9-1-1 CENTER



FIRST RESPONDERS



EMERGENCY CONTACTS



HEALTHCARE SYSTEMS
























                  "Three former leaders of the FCC are investing in RapidSOS, a
                  startup that seeks to solve one of 911’s biggest problems."
                









                  "RapidSOS uses cloud telecommunications and data analytics to
                  push essential information into the 911 system."
                









                  "Dramatically increases the information available to
                  dispatchers, accelerating response times, and saving lives."
                









                  "Named startup of the year by Consumer Technology Association, 
                  RapidSOS aims to add new smarts to the emergency dispatch
                  system."
                









                  "RapidSOS To The Rescue"
                









                  "911 callers get through to emergency responders faster"
                







































RapidSOS | crunchbase
dascetszbDISCOVERCompaniesPeopleInvestorsFunding RoundsAcquisitionsSchoolsEventsMy SearchesMy ListsFeaturedContributeData SolutionsAboutTermsCareersSitemapEditorial Partners: TechCrunch© 2017 Crunchbase Inc.All rights reserved.RapidSOSOverviewTimelineContributorsTop ContributorsAdd to this ProfileContributeOverviewUpdateTotal Equity Funding$19.06M in 4 Rounds from 10 InvestorsMost Recent Funding$14M Series A on April 25, 2017Headquarters:New York, New YorkDescription:RapidSOS is an advanced emergency communication company.Founders:Nick Horelik, Michael MartinCategories:Mobile Apps, mHealth, GovTech, Mobile, Public SafetyWebsite:https://rapidsos.com/Social: Company DetailsUpdateFounded:2013Contact:info@rapidsos.comEmployees:11 - 50 | 3 in CrunchbaseRapidSOS is an advanced emergency tech start-up commercializing technology to predict and preempt emergencies before they occur, warn people in harm’s way, and connect any device (car, IoT, wearable, phone) directly to 911 and first responders in an emergency. 
RapidSOS replaces the $60B spent annually on 3rd party call centers (home security, OnStar, medical alert) with a direct data link to 911 & first responders – the result is faster, more effective response without the need for expensive third party call centers.
Funding Rounds (5) - $19.56MUpdateDateAmount / RoundValuationLead InvestorInvestorsApr, 2017$14M / Series A—Highland Capital Partners9Aug, 2015$5M / Series A—Highland Capital Partners2Jun, 2015$60k / Equity Crowdfunding——0Dec, 2014$500k / Grant——2Nov, 2014undisclosed amount / Venture——1Investors (12)InvestorRound(s)Partner(s)A3-VenturesSeries A-Dennis PatrickSeries A-Dorm Room FundVenture-Harvard UniversityGrant-Highland Capital PartnersSeries A (Lead)Dan NovaSeries A (Lead)Dan NovaJulius GenachowskiSeries A-Massachusetts Institute of Technology - MITGrant-Motorola Solutions Venture CapitalSeries A-Responder VenturesSeries A-The Westly GroupSeries A-Tom WheelerSeries A-Two Sigma VenturesSeries A-Series A-Current Team (3)UpdateNick HorelikCo-Founder & CTOHenry KatzVP of EngineeringMichael MartinCo-Founder & CEOBoard Members and Advisors (18)UpdateWilliam SwansonMember of the Board of Directors @ Nextera EnergyAdvisor (since 2017)Dan NovaMember of the Board of Directors @ Rent the RunwayBoard of Directors at RapidSOS (since 2015)Tom WheelerChairman @ Federal Communications Commission (FCC)David SimpsonChief of Public Safety & Homeland Security Bureau @ Federal Communications Commission (FCC)All Board Members and AdvisorsProducts (3)UpdateHavenHaven connects you to the nearest 9-1-1 dispatch center and keeps you connected with your family at home and on the go.RapidSOS Emergency API/SDKDistills 6,300 different 911 systems into a simple API call for any connected device, allowing any device to transmit data directly to 911.RapidSOS' Predictive Emergency AnalyticsRapidSOS' analytics engine digests data points to provide unprecedented understanding of when, where, and how emergencies occur.News (46)UpdateDateNewsMay 2, 2017ktvu.com - RapidSOS: Helping first respondersMay 2, 2017PRWeb Sitemap - Steve Souder, a Nationally Recognized Leader and Authority on 9-1-1 and Public Safety Communications, Joins RapidSOS Advisory BoardMay 2, 2017wtvm.com - SPECIAL REPORT: 911 Fatal FlawApr 28, 2017readitquik.com - RapidSOS Raises $14 Million in Series A FundingApr 27, 2017PRNewswire All - Tom Wheeler, former Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, Joins RapidSOS Advisory BoardApr 27, 2017Fierce Wireless - RapidSOS startup hooks up with Motorola on 911 solutionApr 26, 2017Business Wire - Motorola Solutions and RapidSOS Introduce Precise Location for 911 Smartphone CallsApr 25, 2017WSJ - ATD - Startup Seeks to Solve 911’s Biggest Riddle: Pinpointing Cellphone CallersAll News@rapidsosLoading rapidsos's tweets...RapidSOS on TwitterOffices/Locations (1)UpdateHeadquarters234 W 39th St9th FloorNew York, New York 10018United StatesEvent Appearances (2)Past Event Appearances (2)Eureka Park CES 2016 on Jan  6, 2016Exhibitor7th Annual SXSW Accelerator Pitch Competition on Mar 14, 2015ExhibitorAll Event AppearancesImages (5)UpdateVideos (5)UpdateRapidSOS - Transformative Technology to Save LivesRapidSOS Haven: Family Connect featureRapidSOS GeoComm Location IntegrationRapidSOS at Cambridge 9-1-1 CenterRapidSOS Haven: Universal Safety & SecurityAdd AcquisitionsAdd Sub OrganizationsAdd CompetitorsAdd MembershipsAdd CustomersAdd PartnersB2CDA-LR37J-YK78Y-A3S53-VWN7U