


micprotect

 










HOME
ABOUT US

SERVICES
MP-100
CONTACT
IMPRINT


















Security Stand MP-100
Products on open display

„The Security Stand MP-100 is a real innovation for the open display security sector. It is easy to use and offers great value for money.“
Michael E. Rapp; Managing Director MICPROTECT GmbH
We are looking for distributors










ABOUT US

						We are a small team with a wide network of marketing experts, manufacturing experts, engineers and inventors.
						Let us introduce you to our team:
						Currently the team at MICPROTECT consists of Kelly Chia and Michael Rapp. Kelly has twelve years of experience in increasingly responsible roles at several well-known companies in the retail security business. She has worked in a variety of roles from product marketing to business development. She now focuses on managing channel partners and driving growth in Asia.
						Michael has a strong background in security electronics and has worked in several leading positions in the retail security market. With over a decade of experience in product development and design as well as innovation consultant, Michael anticipates future industry developments and challenges and transforms them into profitable and productive business opportunities. MICPROTECT focuses on identifying and developing cost-effective merchandise promotion and antitheft security products on an international level.
					








Michael Ernst Rapp


> DOWNLOAD V-CARD










Kelly Chia


> DOWNLOAD V-CARD






SERVICES


                                        MICPROTECT offers …
                                        
                                        Manufacturer support
                                        MICPROTECT can serve all your sales and distribution needs. If you are a manufacturer and have a new product idea, we can help you to build up a sales force as well as the necessary market knowledge.  Together we will evaluate the market potential and help distributing your product worldwide.

                                        Innovator support
                                        MICPROTECT can assist in the evaluation of product ideas as well as building a business case for them. We can also help to source for all your manufacturing requirements and support your distribution and sales needs. 








                                        Distributor support
                                        MICPROTECT assist partner distributors with global market information and provides them with new product ideas. With our background in product innovation we also drive new product requests coming from our distributor network.
                                        
                                        Retailer support
                                        MICPROTECT supports retailers in finding the right solution for their problem.
                                        As our customer we make sure you have access to latest and most innovative products either directly through us or one of our partner distributors.

                                        Brand manufacturer support
                                        MICPROTECT works closely with brand manufacturers to develop customized solutions for product promotion and presentation. We are able to develop unique products with a custom look and feel to match your brand identity.
                                    

                                                Our product portfolio is constantly evolving. We are developing and expanding it every day with more and more products that uses state-of-the-art technology without being over-engineered.  We focus on providing solutions that meet your needs and improve your bottom-line.  


                                        


















Security Stand MP-100
Products on open display

										Nowadays mobile phones, tablets and other mobile devices are high demand products. In stores most customers want to be able to test and try such devices, before they complete a purchase. 
										With MICPROTECT Security Stands you can easily show products on open display - without having to lock them up in glass showcases. The MP-100 Solution allows you to secure and simultaneously charge your mobile products while benefiting your customer’s experience in store. Customers can fully test the product: the built-in merchandise power supply protection will enable to keep the product ready to use thus increasing instore sales.
										
										At MICPROTECT we guarantee you great value for money and quick return on investment - we work for your success!
										
										Colours:
									









FEATURES







												The MP-100 comes with a very light-weight sensor  which will not influence the merchandise experience  
												

												Two sensor versions available: single and double sensor  
											









Two bright LED alarm light signals   
                                                                                         








Two extension channels to allow various security extensions, such as Tablet PC & e-Reader support wings










Two channels to further secure the merchandise product via cable tie or via the MICPROTECT mechanical security solution   









Controlled with a electronic security key: The MP-Key 









Quick to set up: The MP-100 operates with three standard AA batteries 








Alarm controlled fixture mounting:When tampered with the alarms, the PM-100 will produce an audio alarm and  a flashing light signal. 









Channel to place and protect any original merchandise power supply. Enables you to secure and display every product on the market instantly – no stand upgrades or extras needed!








Benefits of the MP-100


COMPATIBLE
By placing the original merchandise power supply onto the MP-100, you are able to promote brand new products on the day of release. Place the original charging cable and you have customized the stand to secure and charge any mobile device. It’s that easy and without additional cost! 


SECURE
Double security -
										Don’t worry about removable parts. With an extra sensor you will secure all the parts of the product, even those that are removable (battery covers etc.).
										You can also chose to use a mechanical security option.


HIGHLY EFFECTIVE
MICPROTECT Security Stand alarms are highly effective. They provide the best of mechanical and alarming security to the most popular high-theft electronics. When tampered with the alarms, the MP-100 will produce an annoying sound plus a flashing light signal. 


EASY MAINTENANCE
The durable MP-100 stands are extremely user friendly. Easily switch displayed products by inserting the original charging cable. No network or other cables required. When necessary, all cables and entire electronics can be easily removed without removing the stand base from your store furniture.







General Description
The durable German designed MP-100 is available in black and white and comes with a wide variety of add-on products, such as the mechanical grip or the tablet support wings. This way you can easily customize the system to your specific needs. Stand measurements: total height 110 mm, width 80 mm.



Unique Attributes


1.
	
													Original power supply of the merchandised product fits easily into the MP-100 security stand. This way you are able to display latest products at no extra cost.
												


2.

													The MP-100 can be easily set up by placing it onto a cleansed surface and inserting standard AA batteries.
												


3.

													Our MP-key with its own unique code is user-friendly and easy to be programmed.
												


4.

													Additional security can be provided by using an extra sensor or mechanical option.
												




Key Benefits


1.
	
													Increase interaction with your customers : Retailers can effortlessly release the merchandise from the stand using the MP-key while providing information to the customer at the same time
												


2.

													Enhance customer experience : There is no extra cable and the sensor is extremely light. This allows for a better in-store experience. 
												


3.

													 User friendly : Retailers are able to rearrange secured merchandise at ease, i.e. to react to a promotion or sale in-store.
												


4.

													Easy maintenance : Merchandise can simply be replaced by changing the glue pad on the sensor.
												








Security Enhancement Accessories


                                                                    Customize your MP-100 systems with these innovative add-ons. See our part-list for a complete overview.
                                                                    
> Download part-list




MP-Grip10 Mechanical Grip



MP-103 Tablet Support Wings



MP-Key









CONTACT



                                                If you need additional information, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will be glad to advise you and promptly respond!
                                            




Requester Name*





Company Name





Position





Region*


-
Asia
Europe
USA
Middle East
Africa





E-Mail*





Content*





*Mandatory field

                                                > SEND FORM
                                            




IMPRINT

						MICPROTECT GmbH
						Alte Darmstädterstr. 7
						64397 Modautal
						Germany
						Phone: +49 6167 9139142
						Fax: +49 6167 9139144
						Managing Director: Michael Ernst Rapp
						Register of Companies: Darmstadt HRB 91601
						VAT-ID-Number: DE285782228


                                            MICPROTECT Pte Ltd

                                            1 Kaki Bukit Road 1
                                            #02-44 Enterprise One
                                            Singapore 415934

                                            Phone : +65 9099 5436
                                            Directors: Kelly Chia, Michael Ernst Rapp
                                            Co. Reg. No. 201303201D
                                        



Limitation of liability for internal content

The content of our website has been compiled with meticulous care and to the best of our knowledge. However, we cannot assume any liability for the up-to-dateness, completeness or accuracy of any of the pages.

Pursuant to section 7, para. 1 of the TMG (Telemediengesetz – Tele Media Act by German law), we as service providers are liable for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws. However, pursuant to sections 8 to 10 of the TMG, we as service providers are not under obligation to monitor external information provided or stored on our website. Once we have become aware of a specific infringement of the law, we will immediately remove the content in question. Any liability concerning this matter can only be assumed from the point in time at which the infringement becomes known to us.

Limitation of liability for external links
Our website contains links to the websites of third parties (“external links”). As the content of these websites is not under our control, we cannot assume any liability for such external content. In all cases, the provider of information of the linked websites is liable for the content and accuracy of the information provided. At the point in time when the links were placed, no infringements of the law were recognisable to us. As soon as an infringement of the law becomes known to us, we will immediately remove the link in question.

Copyright
The content and works published on this website are governed by the copyright laws of Germany. Any duplication, processing, distribution or any form of utilisation beyond the scope of copyright law shall require the prior written consent of the author or authors in question.

Data protection
A visit to our website can result in the storage on our server of information about the access (date, time, page accessed). This does not represent any analysis of personal data (e.g., name, address or e-mail address). If personal data are collected, this only occurs – to the extent possible – with the prior consent of the user of the website. Any forwarding of the data to third parties without the express consent of the user shall not take place.

We would like to expressly point out that the transmission of data via the Internet (e.g., by e-mail) can offer security vulnerabilities. It is therefore impossible to safeguard the data completely against access by third parties. We cannot assume any liability for damages arising as a result of such security vulnerabilities.

The use by third parties of all published contact details for the purpose of advertising is expressly excluded. We reserve the right to take legal steps in the case of the unsolicited sending of advertising information; e.g., by means of spam mail.








Michael Rapp: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:35 AM ET
IT Services

Company Overview of En Pointe Technologies Sales Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Michael   Rapp  President, En Pointe Technologies Sales Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.----
Background

		Mr. Michael Rapp has been the President of En Pointe Technologies Sales Inc. since September 10, 2012. Mr. Rapp serves as the President of En Pointe Technologies, Inc. Mr. Rapp has over 25 years of experience in the IT channel. Mr. Rapp joined En Pointe in 2002 as Director of Sales. He has been instrumental in organically developing En Pointe’s successful transition from a product company to a high-value service provider. Mr. Rapp has been a Member of En Pointe's executive ... team for the past 10 years. As Vice President of Software Sales, he grew the software business from $30M to over $350M within five years and was then promoted to his current position of senior vice president of sales and professional services. His industry knowledge and commitment to achieve, led to his successive appointments as Vice President of Sales and then Senior Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Professional Services prior to taking on the reins as President. Additionally, Mr. Rapp has been instrumental in developing cloud services for En Pointe. Prior to his leadership role at En Pointe, Mr. Rapp served as Chief Executive Officer for Admor Memory, where he grew sales from $0-$170M in three years. After Admor Memory, Mr. Rapp accepted a role as the territory manager at Software Spectrum. Mr. Rapp sits on the advisory councils for both Microsoft and Symantec. In 2006, he was awarded the Symantec Partner Executive of the Year. Mr. Rapp sits on the advisory councils for both Microsoft and Symantec.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1940 East Mariposa AvenueEl Segundo, California 90245United StatesPhone: 310-337-5200Fax: 310-338-4839
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
En Pointe Technologies, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact En Pointe Technologies Sales Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















The Incredibles - Part 1 (Score & Parts) : Michael Giacchino/arr. Jay Bocook & Will Rapp : # 3745107









































Skip to content

      To take full advantage of this site, please enable your browser's JavaScript feature. Learn how








 Sales@EastCoastMusic.com 1-800-207-4009 








My Cart
 

 






East Coast Music 




Menu





Search store



Submit search






Use Coupon Code "FREE" For Free Shipping For Orders Over $50 | $15 Min. Order | 15 Year Anniv. Sale: 15% - 40% Off !
                        




 



















Sheet Music



Notation Programs



Companies



Nav Menu 5



Nav Menu 6



Nav Menu 7



Nav Menu 8


















  
 Home > 
 Publishers >  Hal Leonard > 

            

The Incredibles - Part 1 (Score & Parts) : Michael Giacchino/arr. Jay Bocook & Will Rapp : # 3745107




















 




















 




















The Incredibles - Part 1 (Score & Parts) : Michael Giacchino/arr. Jay Bocook & Will Rapp : # 3745107In Stock






 Retail Price: $65.00      Sales Price: $50.69 





Availability: In Stock
                              
Product Code: ZHL3745107 





                              Qty: 



















































Product Description










 
















The Incredibles - Part 1 (Score & Parts) : Michael Giacchino/arr. Jay Bocook & Will Rapp,  : Michael Giacchino : Will Rapp  : Performance/Easy Limited Edition Series : 4 Band Grade : Published by Hal Leonard : # 3745107





































Features
The Incredibles - Part 1 by : Michael Giacchino : Will Rapp : Jay BocookFrom Pixar Studios' animated hit The Incredibles comes a campy soundtrack that spoofs spy music of the 1960s. Sassy and bold; this opener features a blazing tempo throughout and a cool jazzy style. (Includes: “The Glory Days”) Audio Preview!           PRODUCT INFORMATION PublisherHal Leonard Length x Width 10.5 x 6.75   inches  Shipping Weight1.33 pounds East Coast Music Product Code ZHL3745107UPC Code73999451078 Voicing DescriptionScore & PartsBand Grade Description4 1st Publication Date03/2005               INSTRUMENTATION LIST For the purchase of the additional scores or parts as listed below please  email us the Product Code above and the quantities you wish to purchase.  Costs are about $7.50 per score and $4.00 per part.InstrumentationNumberofPartsPagesperPartFULL SCORE 112FLUTE/PICCOLO 162BB CLARINET 162EB ALTO SAX 82BB TENOR SAX 42EB BARITONE SAX 221ST BB TRUMPET 822ND BB TRUMPET 823RD BB TRUMPET 82F HORN 82BB HORN/FLUGELHORN 421ST TROMBONE 822ND TROMBONE 82BARITONE B.C. 42BARITONE T.C. 42TUBA 82ELECTRIC BASS 22SNARE DRUM 82CYMBALS 41QUAD TOMS 42MULTIPLE BASS DRUMS 41AUX PERCUSSION 21BELLS 21XYLOPHONE 22  SONG LIST  Title:         The Glory Days Writer:       Michael GiacchinoBelow are Related Products that you may be interested in. The Olympic Spirit (Score & Parts) : John Williams/arr. John Higgins : Grade 3 : # 3744205The Heat Is On in Saigon (Score & Parts) : # 3744565The Sorcerer's Apprentice (from Fantasia 2000) (Score & Parts) : # 3744623The Story in Your Eyes : # 3744652The Mask of Zorro (Guitar Tab) : James Horner/arr. Jay Bocook/Will Rapp) : (Horner/Bocook/Rapp) : # 3745021The Mask of Zorro - Finale : James Horner/arr. Jay Bocook/Will Rapp) : Marching Band : # 3745025The Incredibles - Part 2 (Score & Parts) : Michael Giacchino/arr. Jay Bocook & Will Rapp : # 3745109The Incredibles - Part 3 (Score & Parts) : Michael Giacchino/arr. Jay Bocook & Will Rapp : # 3745111The Nightmare Before Christmas - Part 1 : Danny Elfman/arr. Michael Brown/Will Rapp : (Brown/Rapp) : # 3745135The Nightmare Before Christmas - Part 2 (Score & Parts) : Danny Elfman/arr. Michael Brown and Will Rapp : # 3745137The Nightmare Before Christmas - Part 3 : Danny Elfman/arr. Michael Brown/Will Rapp : (Brown/Rapp) : # 3745139The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion; The Witch and The Wardrobe - Part I : Harry Gregson-Williams/arr. Paul Murtha/Michael McIntosh : (Murtha/McIntosh) : # 3745171The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion; The Witch and The Wardrobe - Part 2 : Harry Gregson-Williams/arr. Paul Murtha/Michael McIntosh : (Murtha/McIntosh) : # 3745173The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion; The Witch and The Wardrobe - Part 3 : Harry Gregson-Williams/arr. Paul Murtha/Michael McIntosh : (Murtha/McIntosh) : # 3745175The Lord of the Rings - Part 1 (Score & Parts) : Johan de Meij/arr. Jay Bocook and Will Rapp : # 3745287The Lord of the Rings - Part 2 (Score & Parts) : Johan de Meij/arr. Jay Bocook and Will Rapp : # 3745289The Lord of the Rings - Part 3 (Score & Parts) : Johan de Meij/arr. Jay Bocook and Will Rapp : # 3745291The Devil Went Down to Georgia : Mallet Percussion Feature (Score & Parts) : arr. Michael Brown and Will Rapp : # 3745297The Safety Dance (Score & Parts) : Ivan Doroschuk/arr. Jay Bocook; Omar Carmenates : # 3745507The Lady Is a Tramp (Score & Parts) : Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart/arr. Paul Murtha; Will Rapp : # 3745569The Girl from Ipanema (Garota de Ipanema) (Score & Parts) : Antonio Carlos Jobim; Norman Gimbel and Vinicius de Moraes/arr. Paul Murtha; Will Rapp : # 3745571The Star Spangled Banner : (Whitney Houston version) : Performance/Easy Limited Edition Series arr. John Clayton : Marching Band (Gr. 3) : # 13523051The Attack on Rue Plumet (from Les Miserables) (Score & Parts) : arr. Jay Bocook & Will Rapp : # 13523095The Promise Of Living - Marching Band (performance Series) Full Score (Score) : # M051661510



















    Share your knowledge of this product with other customers... Be the first to write a review


 

 
 

 
















 Rapp, Adam | Ohio College of Business







Skip to content







Search












« ohio.edu
MyOHIO Portal
Campus Email
Regional Campuses
eCAMPUS








Quick Links




« ohio.edu
MyOHIO Portal
Campus Email
Regional Campuses
eCAMPUS




Students
Parents
Employers
Alumni
Contact
Search












College of Business






About

Facilities
Centers & Institutes
Events
News
Faculty & Staff
Executive Advisory Board



Academics


Resources

Campus Map
Business Services
Career Management
Student Services
Center for Professional Communication
Student Orgs and Clubs
Academic Calendar
Mail Login
Policies and Procedures
Blackboard Login
Faculty Account Log In
#BusinessBobcat Buzz Podcast
Computer Labs







About

About OHIO COB
Facilities
Centers & Institutes
Events
News
Faculty & Staff
Executive Advisory Board



Academics

OHIO COB Academics
Our Approach
The Business Cluster
Minors
Certificates
Graduate Degrees
Selective Programs
Undergrad Majors
Our Commitment to You



Resources

COB Resources
Campus Map
Business Services
Career Management
Student Services
Center for Professional Communication
Student Orgs and Clubs
Academic Calendar
Mail Login
Policies and Procedures
Blackboard Login
Faculty Account Log In
#BusinessBobcat Buzz Podcast
Computer Labs









Academics
Close


MINORS & CERTIFICATES

Minors
Business
Finance
Marketing
Sports Administration


Certificates
Entrepreneurship
Financial Planning
International Business
Sales
Strategic Leadership



GRADUATE DEGREES

One-Year MBA
Professional Master of Business Administration
Online Master of Business Administration
Master of Sports Administration and MBA Dual Degree
Professional Master of Sports Administration
Master of Science in Athletic Administration

EXECUTIVE EDUCATION

Professional Sales Development
Leadership Development





UNDERGRAD MAJORS

Accounting
Business Analytics
Business Economics
Business Pre-Law
Entrepreneurship
Finance
International Business
Management & Strategic Leadership
Marketing
Management Information Systems
Sport Management

SELECTIVE PROGRAMS

Honors Program
Select Leaders
Emerging Leaders
SOX Fellows
Student Equity Management
Fixed Income Management
Derivatives Management







Program Features
HP vs. HTC
Eligibility
Program Requirements
How to Apply
Our Students
Apply




About Us
Our Alumni
Members
Executive Engagements
Application
Gallery
Alumni Day




About Us
Current Leaders
Senior Leaders
Executive Engagements
Application
Our Alumni




About
Selection
Current Members
Alumni




About
Apply
News
Members
Alumni




About
Apply
News
Placement




About
Members
Placement
Culture
Recruitment
News











Menu







About
Faculty & Staff
Rapp, Adam














Rapp, Adam
Executive Director of The Ralph and Luci Schey Sales Centre; The Ralph and Luci Schey Associate Professor of Sales
Marketing					Copeland 209A					740-593-9328 rappa@ohio.edu 






Education
Ph.D., University of Connecticut 
MBA, Villanova University
B.A., Pennsylvania State University (Behrend)
Research Interests
Dr. Rapp's research focuses on factors influencing the performance of front-line service and sales personnel.
Selected Publications
Adam Rapp, Tom Baker, Daniel Bachrach, Jessica Ogilvie, and Lauren Beitelspacher (2015). “Perceived customer showrooming behavior and the effect on retail salesperson self-efficacy and performance” Journal of Retailing, 91(2), 358-369.
Adam Rapp, Jessica Ogilvie and Daniel Bachrach (2015). “Sales leadership icons and models: How comic book superheroes would make great sales leaders” Business Horizons, 58(3), 261-274.
Ryan Mullins, Adam Rapp, Daniel Bachrach, Dhruv Grewal, and Lauren Beitelspacher “Perceived versus Desired Control in Buyer-Seller Interactions,” forthcoming at the Journal of Applied Psychology
Raj Agnihotri, Adam Rapp, Tom Baker and James Andzulis, (2014). “Competitive intelligence collection and use by sales and service representatives: how managers’ recognition and autonomy moderate individual performance.” Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science, 43(3), 357-374.
Adam Rapp, Daniel Bachrach, Nikolaos G. Panagopoulos and Jessica Olgivie, (2014). “Salespeople as knowledge brokers: a review and critique of the challenger sales model.” Journal of Personal Selling & Sales Management, 34(4), 245-259.
Tammy Rapp, Daniel Bachrach, Ryan Mullins and Adam Rapp (2014), “The role of team goal   monitoring in the curvilinear relationship between team efficacy and team performance,” Journal of Applied Psychology, 99(5), 976.
Tom Baker, Adam Rapp, Ryan Mullins, and Traci Meyer (2014), “An Empirical Examination of How Educating Service Employees about the Brand Influences Customer Satisfaction,” Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science 42(6), 642-657.
Raj Agnihotri, Adam Rapp, James Andzulis, and Colin Gabler (2014), “A Componential Framework of Salesperson Creativity: Antecedents and Outcomes,” Journal of Services Research, 17(2), 164-181.
Adam Rapp, Daniel Bachrach and Tammy Rapp (2013), “A Test of Resource Allocation Theory: Exploring the Role of Time Management Skill in the Relationship between Organizational Citizenship Behaviors and Task Performance,” Journal of Applied Psychology, 98(4), 668-679.
Adam Rapp, Lauren Skinner, Dhruv Grewal and Doug Hughes (2013), “Social Media Adoption across Marketing Channels,” Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science, 41(5), 547-566.
Joel Le Bon, Doug Hughes, and Adam Rapp (2013), “Assessing the Impact of Salespeople’s Field-Based Competitive Intelligence on Product Competitiveness and Brand Preference,” Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science, 41(1), 91-110.
Adam Rapp, Michael Ahearne, John Mathieu and Tammy Rapp (2010), “Antecedents of Sales Team Process: The Role of Experience, Virtualness, and Empowerment,” International Journal of Research in Marketing, 27(3), 213-224.
Michael Ahearne, Adam Rapp, Doug Hughes, and Rupinder Jindal (2010), “Managing Sales Force Product Perceptions and Control Systems in the Success of New Product Introductions,” Journal of Marketing Research, 47(4), 764-776.
Michael Ahearne, Eli Jones, Adam Rapp and John Mathieu (2008), “High Touch Through High Tech: The Impact of Salesperson Technology Usage on Sales Performance via Mediating Mechanisms,” Management Science, 54(3), 671-685. 
Adam Rapp, Michael Ahearne, John Mathieu and Niels Schillewaert (2006), “The Impact of Knowledge and Empowerment on Salesperson Behaviors,” International Journal of Research in Marketing, 23(3), 279-293.
Michael Ahearne, John Mathieu and Adam Rapp (2005), “To Empower or Not to Empower Your Sales Force: An Empirical Examination of the Influence of Empowering Leader Behaviors on Customer Satisfaction and Performance,” Journal of Applied Psychology, 90(5), 945-955.
Awards
Neil Rackham Award, Sales Knowledge Generation and Dissemination (2015)
Marketing Science Institute Research Grant, Creating Selling Synergies through Data Analytics (2013)
Sales Education Foundation Research Grant, Customer Analysis to Build Better Sales Pipelines (2013)
Strategic Account Management Association Keynote, Role of Social Media in Account Management (2013)
JPSSM Special Issue Editor, The Influence of Social Media on the Sales Process (2012)
Sales Technology Book, SFA and CRM: A Focus on Selection and Implementation (2010)
Sales Practice Book, Transformative Sales: Becoming a Resource Manager and Knowledge Broker (2014)
Sales Practice Book, Showrooming: How to Win Back Lost Customers (2015)
Founding Partner, Sales and Leadership Development Group
Teaching Excellence Award, Clemson University (2011); Kent State University (2007)
National Collegiate Sales Competition, 5th Place Team; 4th and 9th Individual (2009)
Harvard Business Review Blog Network, Use Your Sales Force’s Competitive Intelligence Wisely
Comer Award - Best Theory Paper, Journal of Personal Selling and Sales Management (2013)
Jolson Award - Best Practice Paper, Journal of Personal Selling and Sales Management (2015)
Society for Marketing Advances, Best Conference Paper Award (2010; 2011)
 










Ohio News





JULY 27, 2017
Charlotte Welcome Celebration


JULY 21, 2017
Boston Welcome Celebration


JULY 20, 2017
Cincinnati Welcome Celebration


JULY 20, 2017
Columbus Welcome Celebration







Quick links




Apply
Visit
Give









Contact




OHIO UNIVERSITY COLLEGE OF BUSINESS Copeland Hall, Athens, Ohio 45701
Undergraduate: 740.593.2000 or 800.833.0484 Graduate: 740.593.2053 or 800.622.3124 Executive Education 614.793.5659

eCAMPUS >
Regional Campuses and Centers >

Chillicothe Eastern Lancaster | Pickerington Southern | Proctorville Zanesville














ADA Compliance
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Employment Law Notices

© 2014 Ohio University. All rights reserved.



Facebook
Twitter

YouTube























Michael Rapp - Temple Garden Chambers






















































London • The Hague





Shortlist





+44 (0)20 7583 1315




clerks@tgchambers.com



Menu













Search the site:














Civil Fraud
Clinical Negligence
Commercial
Costs & Litigation Funding
Credit Hire
Employment
Health & Safety
Inquests
Inquiries
Insurance
Personal Injury
Product Liability
Professional Discipline
Professional Liability
Public International Law
Public Law
 









News
Seminars
Publications
 









About Public Access
FAQs
Contact Form
 









Our History
Facilities
Our Chosen Charity
Standards
Attorney General’s Panel
Welsh Government Panel
 









Tenancy
Pupillage
Mini Pupillage
 









London
The Hague
 










Search the site:



 













Michael Rapp
Year of Call: 2002
mrapp@tgchambers.com 
Practice Areas

Civil FraudHealth & SafetyInquestsInsurancePersonal InjuryProduct LiabilityProfessional Liability 

Add to shortlist
Download Profile









Michael Rapp


Year of Call: 2002
mrapp@tgchambers.com 
Practice Areas

Civil FraudHealth & SafetyInquestsInsurancePersonal InjuryProduct LiabilityProfessional Liability 


Add to shortlist
Download Profile







Profile
Cases






ExperienceMichael Rapp specialises in Personal Injury, Professional/Clinical Negligence, Product Liability, Insurance litigation; particularly road traffic fraud, Cable Damage claims and Utility matters.  He has an even split of work for both sides and prides himself in taking a forensic and highly collaborative team approach to cases, resulting in a loyal and strong client base. He prides himself on his repeat instructions over many years from top tier PI firms.
Personal Injury
Claimant
Michael specialises in higher value cases in the Multi Track. He believes that it is essential that the personal context of any individual’s injury is brought to the fore from the outset. An injury occurs to a person within the context of their family, work and social life. Michael’s firm view is that it is the responsibility of the claimant’s legal team to set out and explain to the defendant insurer, and subsequently the court, the full context and consequences of any injury to a claimant as an individual as soon as possible.
He takes a modern approach to pleadings believing that they are integral to bringing the case to life and allowing the parties and the court to appreciate a deeper understanding of the individual claimant themselves at an early stage. Michael, and the legal teams that he works with, have seen great success in the use of early, detailed and well-reasoned schedules resulting in settlement of high value claims within limitation, avoiding the need for any court involvement at all.
In line with this Michael strongly believes in the power of rehabilitation at an early stage and the absolute necessity of a collaborative approach between claimant and defendant legal teams in cases involving serious or catastrophic injuries.
His claimant practice involves regular instruction from some of the best known claimant solicitor firms.  Michael prides himself on being able to add value to claims and to explore elements of the claim whose long term financial impact that may not have been fully considered. Equally he often deals with claims involving potential Ogden handicap on the open labour market claims.  He promotes an integrated approach harnessing the combined expertise of the legal team with the necessary experts; be they medical, financial or employment.
Michael is well versed in the more complex claimant personal injury work including catastrophic or life threatening injuries, chronic or complex regional pain and somatoform type cases and industrial disease (asbestos, heavy metal etc.). He also has experience of cases involving complex injuries including those of a psychiatric nature to children and the subtleties and delicacies of injuries occurring to children with pre-existing conditions.
Defendant
Michael has a strong defendant personal injury practice often complimenting his insurance practice.  Michael strongly believes that the legal team for the defendant cannot be passive in high value claims. Action to rehabilitate claimants both personally and back into the workplace is of benefit to both parties. Claimants who refuse to co-operate in this regard should expect that to be reflected in the final damages of their claim. Michael advises early and assertive response (when possible) by the defendant client/ insurer.
He is regularly instructed on behalf of some of the UK’s largest construction/home building companies in relation to employee and public liability claims. Michael regularly advises on the merits and tactical value of the full range of resources open to a defendant insurer defending a personal injury claim. His motor fraud practice allows him to cast a highly critical and analytical eye upon all claims.
Michael is regularly instructed to draft robust counter-schedules serving as a reality check to schedules often served at well over 7 figures. Michael strongly believes that there is room for showing genuine compassion and understanding to the claimant but at the same time tenaciously ensuring that a settlement that is reasonable, but no more, is achieved for the defendant insurer.
Michael is happy to be instructed later on in the process recognising commercial realities within the insurance industry and regularly attends JSMs on behalf of insurers where he will achieve significant reductions. Michael will also explore wider ranging settlements beyond the injuries themselves where the client wishes to see finality. For example, recent consent orders have resolved outstanding employment issues that have existed, allowing both sides complete finality of both the injury and the employment.
Professional Negligence
Michael is instructed on both sides of the fence and his practice is generally focused upon solicitor’s negligence particularly resulting from underlying personal injury claims.  Recent cases have involved defending, and settling for £120,000, a case pleaded in excess of £500,000 for an ex-RAF officer whose case had originally been struck out.

Clinical Negligence
Michael’s practice in this regard compliments that of his personal injury practice. It is predominantly for claimants and includes cases involving death in hospital and possible failure to identify cancer leading to amputation of the leg.
Insurance
Michael is known within Motor Insurance for his fraud and LVI practice. He works exclusively for defending insurers in this regard. Earlier this year he successfully persuaded a judge to strike out a claim at trial with an ensuing enforceable cost order where the court was satisfied the accident was a deliberate slam on and in which the judge was further satisfied that the claimant had also then deliberately damaged his vehicle after the accident.
Michael is well versed in detailed and highly analytical pleadings setting out the exact position in relation to fraud. Such defences have had a high strike rate in seeing would be claimants electing to discontinue rather than running the risks of a finding of fraud/fundamental dishonesty.
Product Liability
Michael receives regular instructions in relation to defective products and claims under the Consumer Protection Act and the Sale of Goods Act. Recent cases have included exploding microwave ovens and fires arising from lithium-ion batteries.

EducationCollege of Law BVC
University of Bristol Joint Honours French and Italian

Professional MembershipsPIBA


 
O’Hara v Altrad NSG Limited 
Very recent case for the defendant in a claim involving a significant shoulder injury to a scaffolder. The claimant was seeking an Ogden 8 claim for handicap on the labour market and an inability to work more than 2 days a week. The schedule was accordingly pleaded at just over £536,000. Claim settled on the basis of an old style Smith v Manchester award and the claimant returning to full time work in a year. Settlement reached at £245,000


Thomas v Valero 
The claimant suffered life threatening injuries within an industrial accident. Early involvement and a unified approach by the Defendant legal team pushed a JSM at the earliest opportunity on the claimant’s evidence alone. A reasonable compromise at the lower end of the scale was achieved, allowing the claimant the benefit of finality and the defendant to see a very significant saving in legal costs and resolution of the claimant’s employment. Claim pleaded at over £500,000, settlement reached at £230,000.


Trevatt v B S Eaton Limited 
Michel acted for the Defendant in this claim for 2 manual handing accidents at work. Surveillance indicated that the claimant had exaggerated the effect of the accident, taking advantage of sick absence to attend a job interview. However there was no exaggeration with regard to the occurrence of the accidents or that injury had been sustained. At trial after just over an hour of cross examination as to the claimant’s credibility and veracity in light of the exaggeration revealed on the surveillance the claimant sought an adjournment during which he discontinued his claim.


Philip Prosser v Scott-Moncrieff 
A claim by an ex RAF serviceman was struck out due to failings by his original solicitors. Duty, causation and quantum were all very much in dispute. The claim was pleaded in the region of £500,000. An early realistic part 36 offer combined with a combative counter-schedule saw settlement reached at £120,000.


Virgin Media v Barratt 
Michael defended this claim brought by Virgin for damage to a fibre optic cable crushed during the development of housing by one of Barratt sub-contractors.


Mark Scragg v Barratt Developments Plc 
Michael acted for the defendant in a Multi Track personal injury claim where as a result of investigations into medical and DWP records the claimant’s significant history of street and prescribed drug addiction was discovered


K Green v Conoco Phillips v Hayes Recruitment 
A workplace claim by a young woman who alleged she had suffered Thoracic Outlet Syndrome as a result of a manual handling accident at work. Her claim was initially pleaded on the basis that her ability to work had been permanently compromised. Michael represented the defendant employer where the choice of experts was key to the claim. Michael drafted the agendas for the joint statements which were ultimately devastating for the claimant. As a result of their impact the claimant eventually capitulated and agreed to withdraw her claim shortly before trial and pay the defendants’ costs up to the value of her ATE insurance.


Kehyalar v Alagoz 
A long running fraud case defended upon the basis of a deliberate slam on accident where the claimant had deliberately further damaged his vehicle after the accident. The case involved numerous interlocutory skirmishes by the claimant. Ultimately having heard the claimant’s evidence under cross examination at trial the court struck the claim out upon the basis that it was overwhelmingly tainted with fraud. Thus the claimant lost all QWOCs cost protection.


Eleanor Wright v C. McKissock 
Acted for a young female graduate who suffered a significant foot injury. She faced an inevitable future of arthritis in the ankle and foot. The case centered upon whether she would be Ogden 7 disabled and given the nascent level of her career whether there would be an impact on her. A quirk was that she was also moving to the USA at the time of the accident and her career model was therefore somewhat unusual. Schedule pleaded at £470,500 and concluded at JSM. Settlement reached at £243,189


Paul Nicholas v Charles Hoskins 
The claimant suffered a complex knee injury and the value of the claim centered on his handicap on the open labour market and his future loss; the claimant having worked almost exclusively for his working life as a Postman. The claimant was 53 at the time of settlement, with a Royal Mail pension commencing at the age of 60. The schedule was pleaded at just under £280,000 and settlement was achieved at £201,500 at JSM.


Gillian Towers v South West Ambulance Service 
Acted for the claimant in a case involving an ambulance worker run over by her own ambulance. Liability was disputed on this basis that no mechanical defect with the ambulance was ever identified. Eventually a few months before trial an admission of liability was made after concerted pressure in relation to specific disclosure regarding handbrake problems with sister ambulances within the fleet.
A non resolved soft tissue injury led to Complex Regional Pain Syndrome. Schedule pleaded at £236,321, case settled shortly before trial for £175,000.


Michelle Ismay, on behalf of Robert Ismay (deceased) v (1) Tomrods Ltd (2) Davers Steels Limited 
A tragic case involving the death of an HGV driver with a young family. The case was pleaded at over £1million and the claimant was represented by Queen’s Counsel. Michael represented one of 2 defendants and the claim settled at JSM for £415,000.
The case explored various long term dependency issues, Cookson v Knowles and contribution issues between defendants.


 





Share Profile
 










This site uses cookies to store information on your computer.  By using our site you accept the terms of our  privacy policy.I'm happy with this










            Faculty and Staff Profile |  College of Business, Clemson University, South Carolina
        
        





      Download Adobe Reader

  




 









Faculty and Staff Profile


Dr. Adam A. RappAssistant Professor of Marketing 
            Office: 253 Sirrine Hall
            Phone: (864)656-5285Fax: (864)656-0138Email: ARAPP1@clemson.edu
 
 Educational BackgroundPh.D. Business AdministrationUniversity of Connecticut 2006M.B.A. Business AdministrationVillanova University 2001B.A. Political SciencePennsylvania State University 1997 Courses TaughtProfessional Selling - Graduate LevelSales Management - Graduate LevelCustomer Relationship Management / Sales Force AutomationMarketing ChannelsServices Marketing - Graduate LevelSelected Doctoral Seminars
 ProfileAdam Rapp is an Assistant Professor of Marketing at Clemson University. Prior to joining the faculty at the Clemson University, he was a professor at Kent State University. He has been a visiting professor at the Vlerick Leuven Gent Management School in Belgium. He has a Ph.D. from the University of Connecticut, an M.B.A. from Villanova University with a specialization in strategic marketing, and an undergraduate degree from Penn State.  Adam also spent two years as a post-doctoral fellow at the University of Houston, where he researched and taught in the Sales Excellence Institute. Adam has won teaching awards at the University of Houston, University of Connecticut and most recently won the overall business school teaching award at Kent State University. 

Adam’s research examines factors influencing the performance of salespeople, sales teams and sales organizations. He has published in the Journal of Marketing Research, Management Science, Journal of Applied Psychology, International Journal of Research in Marketing, Industrial Marketing Management, Journal of Business Research, and the Journal of Personal Selling and Sales Management, as well as several other journals. Adam’s work on sales teams has been highlighted by professional selling textbooks and industry magazines such as Sellabrations.  Adam recently joined Michael Ahearne as a co-editor of the Business Expert Press book series on Sales and Sales Management and is founder of the GATS Group Consulting focusing on sales training and assessment.   

Adam enjoys spending time with his wife Tammy, daughter Savannah and son Gage.  He also enjoys coaching and playing rugby and spending time outdoors.

After earning his M.B.A., Adam spent several years in the market research industry.  Beginning as a project director, Adam then moved into sales, where he was responsible for selling market research products and services to premiere companies around the world, including Kraft, Georgia Pacific, and the FOX News Network, among others. 

Adam currently works as a consultant with a number of companies where he engages in various sales training and market research activities.  
 Research InterestsSales Force Performance ModelsTeam SellingMarketing StrategySales Force Automation/CRMCompetitive Intelligence Research PublicationsKevin Trainor, Adam Rapp, Lauren Skinner, and Niels Schillewaert, “Integrating Information Technology and Marketing: An Examination of the Drivers and Outcomes of E-Marketing Capability,” Industrial Marketing Management – Forthcoming. Michael Ahearne, Adam Rapp, Doug Hughes, and Rupinder Jindal “Managing Sales Force Product Perceptions and Control Systems in the Success of New Product Introductions,” - Journal of Marketing Research – Forthcoming. Adam Rapp, Michael Ahearne, John Mathieu and Tammy Rapp “Antecedents of Sales Team Process: The Role of Experience, Virtualness, and Empowerment,” – International Journal of Research in Marketing – Forthcoming. Adam Rapp, Kevin Trainor, Niels Schillewaert and Raj Agnihotri, “Performance Implications of Customer-Linking Capabilities: Examining the Complementary Role of Customer Orientation and CRM Technology,” Journal of Business Research – Forthcoming. Michael Ahearne and Adam Rapp, “The Role of Technology at the Interface between Salespeople and Consumers,” Journal of Personal Selling and Sales Management – Forthcoming. Jennifer Wiggins-Johnson and Adam Rapp “Customer Extra-Role Behaviors: Scale Development,” Journal of Business Research – Forthcoming. Raj Agnihotri, Adam Rapp and Kevin Trainor (2009), “Understanding the Role of Information Communication in the Buyer-Seller Exchange Process,” Journal of Business and Industrial Marketing  24(7), 474-486. Adam Rapp (2009), “Mercenary Sales Force: Outsourcing Your Salespeople,” Industrial Marketing Management 38(4), 411-418. Adam Rapp, Raj Agnihotri and Lukas Forbes (2008), “The Sales Force Technology-Performance Chain: The Role of Working Smarter and Harder,” Journal of Personal Selling and Sales Management 28(4), 335-350. Michael Ahearne, Eli Jones, Adam Rapp and John Mathieu (2008), “High Touch Through High Tech: The Impact of Salesperson Technology Usage on Sales Performance via Mediating Mechanisms,” Management Science 54(3), 671-685.   Adam Rapp, Tammy Rapp and Niels Schillewaert (2008) “An Empirical Analysis of E-service Implementation: Antecedents and the Resulting Value Creation,” Journal of Services Marketing 22(1), 24-36.   Raj Agnihotri, Kevin Trainor and Adam Rapp (2008), "Managing Global New Product Teams: A Theoretical Perspective" Journal of International Management Studies 3(1) 73-78.   Adam Rapp, Niels Schillewaert and Wei Hao (2008), “The Effect of Market Orientation and Innovation on Customer-based and Performance-based Outcomes: The Moderating Role of Top Management Team Involvement,” Journal of Marketing Theory and Practice 16(1), 7-25.   Adam Rapp, Michael Ahearne, John Mathieu and Niels Schillewaert (2006), “The Impact of Knowledge and Empowerment on Salesperson Behaviors,” International Journal of Research in Marketing 23(3), 279-293. Michael Ahearne, John Mathieu and Adam Rapp (2005), “To Empower or Not to Empower Your Sales Force: An Empirical Examination of the Influence of Empowering Leader Behaviors on Customer Satisfaction and Performance,” Journal of Applied Psychology 90(5), 945-955.  Michael Ahearne, Ronald Jelinek and Adam Rapp (2005), “Moving Beyond the Direct Effects of SFA Adoption on Salesperson Performance: Training and Support as Key Moderating Factors,” Industrial Marketing Management 34(4), 379-388 (Special Issue on Technology). 


College Directory







 









Michael A Rapp (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Michael A Rapp, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Michael A Rapp

Michael A Rapp imports from Michael A Rapp in China Taiwan through the port of Long Beach, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Michael A Rapp and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 PEPSICO
 BOEING SUPPORT SERVICES
 LULULEMON USA INC
 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Michael A Rapp
Michael A Rapp imports from Michael A Rapp in China Taiwan through the port of Long Beach, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



MICHAEL A RAPP
BLOCK 56 LOT 48A ONELIA JOSE ST COR INEZMANAPAL BF RESORT VILLAGE MANILA PH


MICHAEL A RAPP
12022 MEADOWDALE DRIVE STAFFORDTX77477 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE




NO MARKS 
NO MARKS 
NO MARKS 
NO MARKS
NO MARKS 
NO MARKS 
NO MARKS 
NO MARKS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



OOLU2552401200


OOLU8370523
OOLU8370523


Product Description




BOX1:GLASS BOWLS-WHITE PLATES-CHARISTMAS PLATTER-FRIDGE MAGNETS-SALT - PEPPER SHAKER.ETC  BOX2:FRENCH QUATER PAINTING-SILVER TRAYS-UTENSIL CONTAINER STAINLESS STEEL.ETC

BOX1:GLASS BOWLS-WHITE PLATES-CHARISTMAS PLATTER-FRIDGE MAGNETS-SALT - PEPPER SHAKER.ETC  BOX2:FRENCH QUATER PAINTING-SILVER TRAYS-UTENSIL CONTAINER STAINLESS STEEL.ETC










Bill of LadingJPSAPHMNL0006148Arrival Date2014-11-28Weight (LB)508Weight (KG)231UnitsXQuantity7 BOXContainer Count1CBM1Voyage No.085EPort of LoadingKAOHSIUNGPort of DischargeLONG BEACH, CALIFORNIAVessel NameOOCL LONG BEACHCarrier CodeJPSACountry Of OriginChina TaiwanPlace Of ReceiptMANILA 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Michael A Rapp. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Michael A Rapp has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Michael A Rapp







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Michael A Rapp
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Aytan Mermer Mad Ith Itr San Tic                                



                                    Gogreen Industrial Products Inc                                



                                    Lares Corpration                                



                                    Chevre Dairy Beverages & Syrups                                



                                    Ferit Erenler Tarim Dis Ticaret Gid                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.6794
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X























Michael Rapp Appointed President of En Pointe Technologies | En Pointe Technologies




























Skip to main content




 








Shop AccessPointe
|
Blog
|
Webinars
|
News
|
Events
|
Contact Us
|
Call Us: +1-310-337-6151
Home
 

 






Search form






 




 

 
 






 







Modern OfficeOverview
Collaboration
Laptop / Desktop
Peripherals
Print / Scan
Tablets
Ultrabooks
Unified Communications
Workstations

Modern Data CenterOverview
Hybrid Cloud
Networking
Private Cloud
Public Cloud
Servers
Storage

Technical ServicesOverview
Data Center
Networking

By IndustryEducation
Healthcare IT
Public Sector
Transportation

By BrandCisco
Dell
HP
Lenovo
Microsoft
Symantec
VMware
See All Brands

About UsOverview
Careers
eProcurement
Leasing
News




 









Modern OfficeOverview
Collaboration
Laptop / Desktop
Peripherals
Print / Scan
Tablets
Ultrabooks
Unified Communications
Workstations

Modern Data CenterOverview
Hybrid Cloud
Networking
Private Cloud
Public Cloud
Servers
Storage

Technical ServicesOverview
Data Center
Networking

By IndustryEducation
Healthcare IT
Public Sector
Transportation

By BrandCisco
Dell
HP
Lenovo
Microsoft
Symantec
VMware
See All Brands

About UsOverview
Careers
eProcurement
Leasing
News




 
 




You are hereHome » About Us » En Pointe News














 





Michael Rapp Appointed President of En Pointe Technologies



 
LOS ANGELES, CA – September 10, 2012 – En Pointe Technologies, a solution provider of IT products and services, announced the appointment of Michael Rapp to the position of president, effective September 10, 2012. As head of the company, Mr. Rapp will lead all sales, services, and marketing.
    
    Michael has been a member of En Pointe’s executive team for the past 10 years. As vice president of software sales, he grew the software business from $30M to over $350M within five years and was then promoted to his current position of senior vice president of sales and professional services. 


“Michael has been a change-driver within our organization. He first helped the company become a customer centric organization and has led our transition to a solutions provider,” commented Bob Din, CEO of En Pointe Technologies. “Since then, En Pointe has won recognition from Microsoft as an SI-LAR (Systems Integrator Large Account Reseller) and achieved the Microsoft Operational Excellence Award for the past four years. Additionally, Michael has been instrumental in developing cloud services for En Pointe. These offerings include Service En Demand, Manage En Demand, dinHVD (cloud hosted virtual desktops), En Pointe Collaboration Solution or ECS (hosted collaboration solutions), and NetApp-based backup and disaster recovery offerings, all in the public and private cloud.”

En Pointe recently was recognized as the LANDesk Partner of the Year with specific kudos to its technical team. Earlier this year, Cisco named En Pointe as an authorized Cloud Provider.
En Pointe’s entrepreneurial spirit will continue to drive its dynamic and innovative culture. 

“En Pointe is at a pivotal point as we differentiate ourselves in the industry with leading cloud services and an excellent team of service and sales associates who understand technology and solving IT challenges,” commented Rapp.

Michael brings over 25 years of experience in the IT channel, including his role as CEO for Admor Memory, where he grew sales from $0-$170M in three years and took the company public. In 2006, he was awarded the Symantec Partner Executive of the Year. Currently, he sits on the advisory councils for both Microsoft and Symantec.

About En Pointe Technologies
	En Pointe is a national IT solutions provider that serves commercial accounts, government agencies, and educational institutions, with information technology hardware, software licensing support, and IT solutions. Founded in 1993 and headquartered in Los Angeles, En Pointe is well represented in leading national markets throughout the United States. En Pointe has the experience and the technology to help organizations simplify the management of their information technology infrastructure. For more information, visit www.enpointe.com, www.twitter.com/EnPointeTech, www.facebook.com/EnPointeTechnologies, www.linkedin.com/company/en-pointe-technologies, and www.youtube.com/enpointetech.



### 



PR Contact: Angela Tuzzo
  MRB Public Relations
  732-758-1100, ext. 108
atuzzo@mrb-pr.com
 



















 








Resources



Contact Us
Request Information
Newsletter Signup






 
 

  




