




RAS SOLOMON EL MOORE BETA-TAFARI - Other Banking and Financial Services- Beta Tafari  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









RAS SOLOMON EL MOORE BETA-TAFARI

      Industry: Other Banking and Financial Services
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    5954 Watch Chain Way, Ste 1107  
    Columbia, MD, 21044Phone: 202-368-1748 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-07


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other





SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Ras'solomon El'moore Beta Tafari 
 Promoter 





















Yami Bolo - Fighting For Peace CD Album




















































 
















»
 Search 


Everything
Artist
Title
Song
SoundTrack
Label
---CLASSICAL---
Composer
Title
Conductor
Performer
Ensemble
Work









Existing Customer?Sign In












All

MP3 Downloads

Classical

Vinyl LP

Turn Pop-up Images Off



















Yami Bolo - Fighting For Peace CD
More by Yami Bolo



CD For Sale Backorder Add to WishList


 
Email Me When AvailableCD Universe will email you only once and only regarding the availability of this item. See our policy statement.














 Fighting For Peace songs Product Information


CategoryRock/Pop Albums, Reggae/Ska/Calypso CDs, Reggae, Dj Toasters



 Fighting For Peace album for sale Related Items


<


Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Legend

 
$11.89







Pitbull
Climate Change

 
$13.69






Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Uprising

 
$7.45







Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Kaya

 
$7.39







Thievery Corporation
Temple of I & I

 
$11.99






Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Exodus

 
$8.75







Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Catch a Fire

 
$13.19







Shaggy
Boombastic Collection: The Best...

 
$13.19






Jimmy Cliff
Harder They Come

 
$13.19







Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Natty Dread

 
$13.19







Rebelution
Live at Red Rocks

 
$15.09






Stephen Marley
Revelation, Pt. 2: The Fruit of...

 
$14.35






Stephen Marley
Revelation, Pt. 1: The Root of ...

 
$13.19







Shack: Music from and Inspired ...

 
$12.95






Nicky Jam
Greatest Hits, Vol. 1

 
$11.05







Iration
Hotting Up

 
$12.15






Stick Figure
Burial Ground

 
$17.39







Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Burnin'

 
$13.19







Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Rastaman Vibration

 
$7.35







Johnny Nash
I Can See Clearly Now

 
$8.69






Zion & Lennox
Motivan2

 
$12.69






Horace Andy
Best Of

 
$12.45






Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Live!

 
$7.59







Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Survival

 
$7.35







Best of Ska, Vol. 1

 
$9.09






Stephen Marley
Mind Control

 
$4.92







Steel Pulse
Sound System: The Island Anthol...

 
$16.19







Bob Marley / Bob Marley... 
Live at the Roxy: The Complete ...

 
$19.79







John Holt
1000 Volts of Holt

 
$14.59






Stick Figure
Smoke Stack

 
$19.89




>













 Fighting For Peace CD music Product Description

Fighting For Peace album for sale by Yami Bolo was released Jul 05, 1994 on the RAS label. Unknown Contributor Roles: Earl "Chinna" Smith ; Harry T. Fighting For Peace buy CD music Powell; Bubbler; Brian Silverman; Johnny "Dizzy" Moore; Wilburn "Squiddley" Cole; Augustus Pablo; Noel "Scully" Simms; Andrew Campbell; Uziah "Sticky" Thompson; Christopher Meredith; Squidley Cole. Fighting For Peace CD music contains a single disc with 12 songs. Audio Mixers: G. Fighting For Peace album for sale Bravo; Rohan Richards. Arranger: Rolando McLean Fighting For Peace CD music. Recording information: Leggo Studio, Kingston, Jamaica Fighting For Peace buy CD music.


 Yami Bolo - Fighting For Peace Album Track Listing


TrkSong   
1People of South Africa 
2Whole World, Fighting for Peace, The 
3Officials Are Like Locust 
4Singing up Life Street 
5I Don't Know Why 
6Glock War, Gun War 
7Music Makes Me Groove 
8In Love With a Rastaman 
9Nature Boy 
10Never Stopping 
11So Softly Love 
12Jah Jah Give Me Love 
Additional Track Information Fighting For Peace album for sale



 Fighting For Peace songs Product Details


Item  number1028072
LabelRAS
Orig Year1994
Catalog number3141
Discs1
Release DateJul 05, 1994
Studio/LiveStudio
Mono/StereoStereo
ProducerYami Bolo; Leggo
Recording Time49 minutes







Have you heard this album? 










 Our Current Promotions






More Promotions...
› Alice Cooper's New Release
› Film Favorites Collections
› Telefilms Sale
› Classic Rock Sale
› Action Movie Sale
› Universal Monsters
› Star Wars
› The Rolling Stones







CategoriesMore > 
› Alternative
› Blues
› Box Sets
› Classical
› Country
› Dance
› Heavy Metal
› International
› Jazz
› Latin
› Live Performance
› Oldies
› R & B
› Rap/Hip Hop
› Rock/Pop
› Soundtrack


















Specialty Shops



› The Beatles
› The Walking Dead
› Game of Thrones
› Doctor Who
› Star Trek
› Frank Sinatra
› Grateful Dead
› David Bowie
› Prince
› Harry Potter
› James Bond





Browse Music

› Vinyl Records
› Accessories
› Audiobooks
› DVD Audio
› Enhanced CD
› Super Audio CD
› Bargain Bin
› Top Music Charts
› Popular Lyrics

› Calendars
› Clothing & T-Shirts

Browse MoviesMore > 

› Action/Adventure
› Comedy
› Drama
› Horror
› Music Videos
› TV on DVD

Browse GamesMore > 

› PlayStation 3
› Nintendo Wii
› XBox 360
› Nintendo DS
› PC Games
› Accessories



We Need Your Support







We Need Your Support



















cdu4asppid music 1028072 cdu4pidall cdu4pls7 ver261cdu cdu4all 
7/28/2017 7:35:58 AM
XPreRip Terms and ConditionsPreRip is a free option on select CD's displaying the PreRip icon. This option allows you to download the MP3 version of that CD immediately after your purchase. The physical CD will still be shipped to you. If you agree to accept your PreRip MP3s, please be aware that the corresponding CD will be non-refundable and cannot be canceled from your order. This protects us against customers taking the free MP3 and then canceling the CD.PreRip availability may change at any time, so we recommend that you download as soon as possible.Should the CD you receive be defective, we will exchange it for a new one. PreRip is only available to customers in the United States. This is a limitation placed on us by the record labels.




Fighting For Peace
   Yami Bolo
Close 










RAS LABS, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











RAS LABS, LLC
List of persons related to the company RAS LABS, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of RAS LABS, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001649935IRS Number: 311818535Company address: 7 STEAMBOAT LANE  HINGHAM 02043Phone number: 617-750-0105



People related to RAS LABS, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountrySandberg  Eric7 Steamboat Lane HinghamMALenore Rasmussen  W.7 Steamboat Lane HinghamMA




RAS LABS, LLC on the Web
Related companiesRAS SOLOMON EL MOORE BETA-TAFARI, Rasberry Futures LLC, RASILIENT SYSTEMS INC, Rasna Therapeutics Inc., Raspberry Golf Investors, L.L.C., Rastech Software, Inc., Rastegar Income Fund II, LP, Rastegar Income Fund, LP, Rastegar Value Fund, LP












 









Haile Selassie - Wikipedia






















 






Haile Selassie

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ras Tafari Makonnen)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Ras Tafari" redirects here. For the religious movement that worships Haile Selassie, see Rastafari movement.


Haile Selassie I



Haile Selassie I in c.1971



Emperor of Ethiopia (more…)


Reign
2 April 1930 – 12 September 1974


Coronation
2 November 1930


Predecessor
Zewditu


Successor
Asfaw Wossen (Amha Selassie)
as "King of Ethiopia"
(Did not recognise designation as such)


Prime Ministers


See list

Himself
Wolde Tzaddick
Makonnen Endelkachew
Abebe Aregay
Imru Haile Selassie
Aklilu Habte-Wold
Endelkachew Makonnen
Mikael Imru





Regent Plenipotentiary of Ethiopia


Reign
27 September 1916 – 2 April 1930


Predecessor
Ras Bitwoded Tessema Nadew
(Under Iyasu V)


Monarch
Zewditu







Born
Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael
(1892-07-23)23 July 1892
Ejersa Goro, Ethiopian Empire


Died
27 August 1975(1975-08-27) (aged 83)
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Burial
5 November 2000
Holy Trinity Cathedral, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Spouse
Menen Asfaw


Issue
Princess Romanework
Princess Tenagnework
Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
Princess Zenebework
Princess Tsehai
Prince Makonnen
Prince Sahle Selassie


Dynasty
Solomonic (Sahle Selassie branch)


Father
Ras Makonnen Woldemikael


Mother
Yeshimebet Ali


Religion
Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo




Styles of
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Reference style
Amharic: ግርማዊ? girmāwī
His Imperial Majesty


Spoken style
Amharic: ጃንሆይ? djānhoi
Your Imperial Majesty
(lit. "O [esteemed] royal")


Alternative style
Amharic: ጌቶቹ? getochu
Our Lord (familiar)
(lit. "Our master" (pl.))





This article contains Ethiopic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols instead of Ethiopic characters.


Haile Selassie I (Ge'ez: ቀዳማዊ ኃይለ ሥላሴ?, qädamawi haylä səllasé[nb 1]; Amharic pronunciation: [ˈhaɪlɜ sɨˈlːase] ( listen);[nb 2] 23 July 1892 – 27 August 1975), born Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael,[4] was Ethiopia's regent from 1916 to 1930 and emperor from 1930 to 1974. He also served as Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity from 25 May 1963 to 17 July 1964 and 5 November 1966 to 11 September 1967. He was a member of the Solomonic Dynasty.
At the League of Nations in 1936, the emperor condemned the use of chemical weapons by Italy against his people during the Second Italo–Ethiopian War.[5] His internationalist views led to Ethiopia becoming a charter member of the League of Nations, and his political thought and experience in promoting multilateralism and collective security have proved seminal and enduring.[6] His suppression of rebellions among the landed aristocracy (the mesafint), which consistently opposed his reforms, as well as what some critics perceived to be Ethiopia's failure to modernize rapidly enough,[7] earned him criticism among some contemporaries and historians.[8] His regime was also criticized by human rights groups, such as Human Rights Watch, as autocratic and illiberal.[8][9]
Among the Rastafari movement, whose followers are estimated at between two and four million, Haile Selassie is revered as the returned messiah of the Bible, God incarnate.[10][11] Beginning in Jamaica in the 1930s, the Rastafari movement perceives Haile Selassie as a messianic figure who will lead a future golden age of eternal peace, righteousness, and prosperity.[12] Haile Selassie was an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian throughout his life. He is a defining figure in Ethiopian history.[13][14]
Haile Selassie died on 27 August 1975 at the age of 83, following a coup d'état.[15]



Contents


1 Name
2 Biography

2.1 Early life
2.2 Governorship
2.3 Regency

2.3.1 Travel abroad


2.4 King and emperor
2.5 Conflict with Italy

2.5.1 Mobilization
2.5.2 Progress of the war
2.5.3 Exile debate
2.5.4 Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936
2.5.5 Exile


2.6 1940s and 1950s
2.7 Charitable gesture
2.8 1960s
2.9 1970s

2.9.1 Wollo famine
2.9.2 Revolution
2.9.3 Imprisonment
2.9.4 Death and interment




3 Descendants
4 Rastafari messiah

4.1 Question of his divinity


5 Biographical film
6 Quotations
7 Title as emperor
8 Honours

8.1 National orders
8.2 Foreign orders


9 Ancestry
10 Military ranks
11 Popular culture
12 See also
13 Notes

13.1 Footnotes
13.2 Citations


14 Bibliography
15 Further reading
16 External links



Name[edit]




Lij Teferi Makonnen at age 3


Haile Selassie was known as a child as Lij Tafari Makonnen (Amharic ልጅ ተፈሪ መኮንን; lij teferī mekōnnin). Lij is translated as "child", and serves to indicate that a youth is of noble blood. His given name, Tafari, means "one who is respected or feared". Like most Ethiopians, his personal name Tafari is followed by that of his father Makonnen and rarely that of his grandfather Woldemikael. His Ge'ez name Haile Selassie was given to him at his infant baptism and adopted again as part of his regnal name in 1930.
As Governor of Harer, he became known as Ras Teferi Makonnen  listen (help·info). Ras is translated as "head"[16] and is a rank of nobility equivalent to Duke;[17] though it is often rendered in translation as "prince". In 1916, Empress Zewditu I appointed him to the position of Balemulu Silt'an Enderase (Regent Plenipotentiary). In 1928, she granted him the throne of Shoa, elevating his title to Negus or "King".[18]
On 2 November 1930, after the death of Empress Zewditu, Ras Tafari was crowned Negusa Nagast, literally King of Kings, rendered in English as "Emperor".[19] Upon his ascension, he took as his regnal name Haile Selassie I. Haile means in Ge'ez "Power of" and Selassie means trinity—therefore Haile Selassie roughly translates to "Power of the Trinity".[20] Haile Selassie's full title in office was "By the Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I, King of Kings of Ethiopia, Elect of God".[21][nb 3] This title reflects Ethiopian dynastic traditions, which hold that all monarchs must trace their lineage to Menelik I, who was the offspring of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba.[22]
To Ethiopians, Haile Selassie has been known by many names, including Janhoy, Talaqu Meri, and Abba Tekel.[23] The Rastafari movement employs many of these appellations, also referring to him as Jah, Jah Jah, Jah Rastafari, and HIM (the abbreviation of "His Imperial Majesty").[23]
Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]




Ras Makonnen Woldemikael and his son Lij Tafari Makonnen


Haile Selassie's royal line (through his father's mother) originated from the Amhara people,[24] He was born on 23 July 1892, in the village of Ejersa Goro, in the Harar province of Ethiopia. His mother was Woizero ("Lady") Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar, daughter of the renowned Oromo ruler of Wollo province Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar.[25] His maternal grandmother was of Gurage heritage.[26] Tafari's father was Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa, the governor of Harar. Ras Makonnen served as a general in the First Italo–Ethiopian War, playing a key role at the Battle of Adwa;[25] he too was paternally Oromo but maternally Amhara.[26] Haile Selassie was thus able to ascend to the imperial throne through his paternal grandmother, Woizero Tenagnework Sahle Selassie, who was an aunt of Emperor Menelik II and daughter of Negus Sahle Selassie of Shewa. As such, Haile Selassie claimed direct descent from Makeda, the Queen of Sheba, and King Solomon of ancient Israel.[27]
Ras Makonnen arranged for Tafari as well as his first cousin, Imru Haile Selassie, to receive instruction in Harar from Abba Samuel Wolde Kahin, an Ethiopian capuchin monk, and from Dr. Vitalien, a surgeon from Guadeloupe. Tafari was named Dejazmach (literally "commander of the gate", roughly equivalent to "count")[28] at the age of 13, on 1 November 1905.[29] Shortly thereafter, his father Ras Makonnen died at Kulibi, in 1906.[30]
Governorship[edit]




Dejazmatch Tafari, as governor of Harar


Tafari assumed the titular governorship of Selale in 1906, a realm of marginal importance,[31] but one that enabled him to continue his studies.[29] In 1907, he was appointed governor over part of the province of Sidamo. It is alleged that during his late teens, Haile Selassie was married to Woizero Altayech, and that from this union, his daughter Princess Romanework was born.[32]
Following the death of his brother Yelma in 1907, the governorate of Harar was left vacant,[31] and its administration was left to Menelik's loyal general, Dejazmach Balcha Safo. Balcha Safo's administration of Harar was ineffective, and so during the last illness of Menelik II, and the brief reign of Empress Taitu Bitul, Tafari was made governor of Harar in 1910[30] or 1911.[33]
On 3 August, he married Menen Asfaw of Ambassel, niece of heir to the throne Lij Iyasu.
Regency[edit]
The extent to which Tafari Makonnen contributed to the movement that would come to depose Iyasu V has been discussed extensively, particularly in Haile Selassie's own detailed account of the matter. Iyasu V, or Lij Iyasu, was the designated but uncrowned emperor of Ethiopia from 1913 to 1916. Iyasu's reputation for scandalous behavior and a disrespectful attitude towards the nobles at the court of his grandfather, Menelik II,[34] damaged his reputation. Iyasu's flirtation with Islam was considered treasonous among the Ethiopian Orthodox Christian leadership of the empire. On 27 September 1916, Iyasu was deposed.[35]
Contributing to the movement that deposed Iyasu were conservatives such as Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis, Menelik II's longtime Minister of War. The movement to depose Iyasu preferred Tafari, as he attracted support from both progressive and conservative factions. Ultimately, Iyasu was deposed on the grounds of conversion to Islam.[16][35] In his place, the daughter of Menelik II (the aunt of Iyasu) was named Empress Zewditu, while Tafari was elevated to the rank of Ras and was made heir apparent and Crown Prince. In the power arrangement that followed, Tafari accepted the role of Regent Plenipotentiary (Balemulu 'Inderase)[nb 4] and became the de facto ruler of the Ethiopian Empire (Mangista Ityop'p'ya). Zewditu would govern while Tafari would administer.[36]




Empress Zewditu with one of her trusted priests


While Iyasu had been deposed on 27 September 1916, on 8 October he managed to escape into the Ogaden Desert and his father, Negus Mikael of Wollo, had time to come to his aid.[37] On 27 October, Negus Mikael and his army met an army under Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis loyal to Zewditu and Tafari. During the Battle of Segale, Negus Mikael was defeated and captured. Any chance that Iyasu would regain the throne was ended and he went into hiding. On 11 January 1921, after avoiding capture for about five years, Iyasu was taken into custody by Gugsa Araya Selassie.
On 11 February 1917, the coronation for Zewditu took place. She pledged to rule justly through her Regent, Tafari. While Tafari was the more visible of the two, Zewditu was far from an honorary ruler. Her position required that she arbitrate the claims of competing factions. In other words, she had the last word. Tafari carried the burden of daily administration but, because his position was relatively weak, this was often an exercise in futility for him. Initially his personal army was poorly equipped, his finances were limited, and he had little leverage to withstand the combined influence of the Empress, the Minister of War, or the provincial governors.[37]
During his Regency, the new Crown Prince developed the policy of cautious modernization initiated by Menelik II. Also, during this time, he survived the 1918 flu pandemic, having come down with the illness.[38] He secured Ethiopia's admission to the League of Nations in 1923 by promising to eradicate slavery; each emperor since Tewodros II had issued proclamations to halt slavery,[39] but without effect: the internationally scorned practice persisted well into Haile Selassie's reign with an estimated 2 million slaves in Ethiopia in the early 1930s.[40][41]
Travel abroad[edit]
In 1924, Ras Tafari toured Europe and the Middle East visiting Jerusalem, Alexandria, Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, Stockholm, London, Geneva, and Athens. With him on his tour was a group that included Ras Seyum Mangasha of western Tigray Province; Ras Hailu Tekle Haymanot of Gojjam province; Ras Mulugeta Yeggazu of Illubabor Province; Ras Makonnen Endelkachew; and Blattengeta Heruy Welde Sellase. The primary goal of the trip to Europe was for Ethiopia to gain access to the sea. In Paris, Tafari was to find out from the French Foreign Ministry (Quai d'Orsay) that this goal would not be realized.[42] However, failing this, he and his retinue inspected schools, hospitals, factories, and churches. Although patterning many reforms after European models, Tafari remained wary of European pressure. To guard against economic imperialism, Tafari required that all enterprises have at least partial local ownership.[43] Of his modernization campaign, he remarked, "We need European progress only because we are surrounded by it. That is at once a benefit and a misfortune."[44]
Throughout Ras Tafari's travels in Europe, the Levant, and Egypt, he and his entourage were greeted with enthusiasm and fascination. He was accompanied by Seyum Mangasha and Hailu Tekle Haymanot who, like Tafari, were sons of generals who contributed to the victorious war against Italy a quarter century earlier at the Battle of Adwa.[45] Another member of his entourage, Mulugeta Yeggazu, actually fought at Adwa as a young man. The "Oriental Dignity" of the Ethiopians[46] and their "rich, picturesque court dress"[47] were sensationalized in the media; among his entourage he even included a pride of lions, which he distributed as gifts to President Alexandre Millerand and Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré of France, to King George V of the United Kingdom, and to the Zoological Garden (Jardin Zoologique) of Paris.[45] As one historian noted, "Rarely can a tour have inspired so many anecdotes".[45] In return for two lions, the United Kingdom presented Ras Tafari with the imperial crown of Emperor Tewodros II for its safe return to Empress Zewditu. The crown had been taken by Robert Napier during the 1868 Expedition to Abyssinia.[48]
In this period, the Crown Prince visited the Armenian monastery of Jerusalem. There, he adopted 40 Armenian orphans (አርባ ልጆች Arba Lijoch, "forty children"), who had lost their parents in Ottoman massacres. Ras Tafari arranged for the musical education of the youths, and they came to form the imperial brass band.[49]
King and emperor[edit]
See also: Modernisation of Ethiopia under Haile Selassie I
In 1928, the authority of Ras Tafari Makonnen was challenged when Dejazmatch Balcha Safo went to Addis Ababa with a sizeable armed force. When Tafari consolidated his hold over the provinces, many of Menelik's appointees refused to abide by the new regulations. Balcha Safo, the governor (Shum) of coffee-rich Sidamo Province, was particularly troublesome. The revenues he remitted to the central government did not reflect the accrued profits and Tafari recalled him to Addis Ababa. The old man came in high dudgeon and, insultingly, with a large army.[nb 5] The Dejazmatch paid homage to Empress Zewditu, but snubbed Ras Tafari.[50][51] On 18 February, while Balcha Safo and his personal bodyguard[nb 6] were in Addis Ababa, Ras Tafari had Ras Kassa Haile Darge buy off his army and arranged to have him displaced as the Shum of Sidamo Province[52] by Birru Wolde Gabriel who himself was replaced by Desta Damtew.[37]




Cover of Time magazine, 3 November 1930


Even so, the gesture of Balcha Safo empowered Empress Zewditu politically and she attempted to have Tafari tried for treason. He was tried for his benevolent dealings with Italy including a 20-year peace accord which was signed on 2 August.[29] In September, a group of palace reactionaries including some courtiers of the empress, made a final bid to get rid of Tafari. The attempted coup d'état was tragic in its origins and comic in its end. When confronted by Tafari and a company of his troops, the ringleaders of the coup took refuge on the palace grounds in Menelik's mausoleum. Tafari and his men surrounded them only to be surrounded themselves by the personal guard of Zewditu. More of Tafari's khaki clad soldiers arrived and, with superiority of arms, decided the outcome in his favor.[53] Popular support, as well as the support of the police,[50] remained with Tafari. Ultimately, the Empress relented and, on 7 October 1928, she crowned Tafari as Negus (Amharic: "King").
The crowning of Tafari as King was controversial. He occupied the same territory as the empress rather than going off to a regional kingdom of the empire. Two monarchs, even with one being the vassal and the other the emperor (in this case empress), had never occupied the same location as their seat in Ethiopian history. Conservatives agitated to redress this perceived insult to the dignity of the crown, leading to the rebellion of Ras Gugsa Welle. Gugsa Welle was the husband of the empress and the Shum of Begemder Province. In early 1930, he raised an army and marched it from his governorate at Gondar towards Addis Ababa. On 31 March 1930, Gugsa Welle was met by forces loyal to Negus Tafari and was defeated at the Battle of Anchem. Gugsa Welle was killed in action.[54] News of Gugsa Welle's defeat and death had hardly spread through Addis Ababa when the empress died suddenly on 2 April 1930. Although it was long rumored that the empress was poisoned upon the defeat of her husband,[55] or alternately that she died from shock upon hearing of the death of her estranged yet beloved husband,[56] it has since been documented that the Empress succumbed to a flu-like fever and complications from diabetes.[57]
With the passing of Zewditu, Tafari himself rose to emperor and was proclaimed Neguse Negest ze-'Ityopp'ya, "King of Kings of Ethiopia". He was crowned on 2 November 1930, at Addis Ababa's Cathedral of St. George. The coronation was by all accounts "a most splendid affair",[58] and it was attended by royals and dignitaries from all over the world. Among those in attendance were George V's son the Duke of Gloucester, Marshal Franchet d'Esperey of France, and the Prince of Udine representing the King of Italy. Emissaries from the United States,[59] Egypt, Turkey, Sweden, Belgium, and Japan were also present.[58] British author Evelyn Waugh was also present, penning a contemporary report on the event, and American travel lecturer Burton Holmes shot the only known film footage of the event.[60] One newspaper report suggested that the celebration may have incurred a cost in excess of $3,000,000.[61] Many of those in attendance received lavish gifts;[62] in one instance, the Christian emperor even sent a gold-encased Bible to an American bishop who had not attended the coronation, but who had dedicated a prayer to the emperor on the day of the coronation.[63]
Haile Selassie introduced Ethiopia's first written constitution on 16 July 1931,[64] providing for a bicameral legislature.[65] The constitution kept power in the hands of the nobility, but it did establish democratic standards among the nobility, envisaging a transition to democratic rule: it would prevail "until the people are in a position to elect themselves."[66] The constitution limited the succession to the throne to the descendants of Haile Selassie, a point that met with the disapprobation of other dynastic princes, including the princes of Tigrai and even the emperor's loyal cousin, Ras Kassa Haile Darge.
In 1932, the Sultanate of Jimma was formally absorbed into Ethiopia following the death of Sultan Abba Jifar II of Jimma.
Conflict with Italy[edit]
See also: Abyssinia Crisis and Second Italo-Abyssinian War
Ethiopia became the target of renewed Italian imperialist designs in the 1930s. Benito Mussolini's Fascist regime was keen to avenge the military defeats Italy had suffered to Ethiopia in the First Italo-Abyssinian War, and to efface the failed attempt by "liberal" Italy to conquer the country, as epitomised by the defeat at Adwa.[67][68][69] A conquest of Ethiopia could also empower the cause of fascism and embolden its rhetoric of empire.[69] Ethiopia would also provide a bridge between Italy's Eritrean and Italian Somaliland possessions. Ethiopia's position in the League of Nations did not dissuade the Italians from invading in 1935; the "collective security" envisaged by the League proved useless, and a scandal erupted when the Hoare-Laval Pact revealed that Ethiopia's League allies were scheming to appease Italy.[70]
Mobilization[edit]
Following the 5 December 1934 Italian invasion of Ethiopia at Walwal, Ogeden Province, Haile Selassie joined his northern armies and set up headquarters at Desse in Wollo province. He issued his mobilization order on 3 October 1935:

If you withhold from your country Ethiopia the death from cough or head-cold of which you would otherwise die, refusing to resist (in your district, in your patrimony, and in your home) our enemy who is coming from a distant country to attack us, and if you persist in not shedding your blood, you will be rebuked for it by your Creator and will be cursed by your offspring. Hence, without cooling your heart of accustomed valour, there emerges your decision to fight fiercely, mindful of your history that will last far into the future… If on your march you touch any property inside houses or cattle and crops outside, not even grass, straw, and dung excluded, it is like killing your brother who is dying with you… You, countryman, living at the various access routes, set up a market for the army at the places where it is camping and on the day your district-governor will indicate to you, lest the soldiers campaigning for Ethiopia's liberty should experience difficulty. You will not be charged excise duty, until the end of the campaign, for anything you are marketing at the military camps: I have granted you remission… After you have been ordered to go to war, but are then idly missing from the campaign, and when you are seized by the local chief or by an accuser, you will have punishment inflicted upon your inherited land, your property, and your body; to the accuser I shall grant a third of your property…

On 19 October 1935, Haile Selassie gave more precise orders for his army to his Commander-in-Chief, Ras Kassa:


When you set up tents, it is to be in caves and by trees and in a wood, if the place happens to be adjoining to these―and separated in the various platoons. Tents are to be set up at a distance of 30 cubits from each other.
When an aeroplane is sighted, one should leave large open roads and wide meadows and march in valleys and trenches and by zigzag routes, along places which have trees and woods.
When an aeroplane comes to drop bombs, it will not suit it to do so unless it comes down to about 100 metres; hence when it flies low for such action, one should fire a volley with a good and very long gun and then quickly disperse. When three or four bullets have hit it, the aeroplane is bound to fall down. But let only those fire who have been ordered to shoot with a weapon that has been selected for such firing, for if everyone shoots who possesses a gun, there is no advantage in this except to waste bullets and to disclose the men's whereabouts.
Lest the aeroplane, when rising again, should detect the whereabouts of those who are dispersed, it is well to remain cautiously scattered as long as it is still fairly close. In time of war it suits the enemy to aim his guns at adorned shields, ornaments, silver and gold cloaks, silk shirts and all similar things. Whether one possesses a jacket or not, it is best to wear a narrow-sleeved shirt with faded colours. When we return, with God's help, you can wear your gold and silver decorations then. Now it is time to go and fight. We offer you all these words of advice in the hope that no great harm should befall you through lack of caution. At the same time, We are glad to assure you that in time of war We are ready to shed Our blood in your midst for the sake of Ethiopia's freedom…"[71]


Compared to the Ethiopians, the Italians had an advanced, modern military which included a large air force. The Italians would also come to employ chemical weapons extensively throughout the conflict, even targeting Red Cross field hospitals in violation of the Geneva Conventions.[72]
Progress of the war[edit]
Starting in early October 1935, the Italians invaded Ethiopia. But, by November, the pace of invasion had slowed appreciably and Haile Selassie's northern armies were able to launch what was known as the "Christmas Offensive". During this offensive, the Italians were forced back in places and put on the defensive. In early 1936, the First Battle of Tembien stopped the progress of the Ethiopian offensive and the Italians were ready to continue their offensive. Following the defeat and destruction of the northern Ethiopian armies at the Battle of Amba Aradam, the Second Battle of Tembien, and the Battle of Shire, Haile Selassie took the field with the last Ethiopian army on the northern front. On 31 March 1936, he launched a counterattack against the Italians himself at the Battle of Maychew in southern Tigray. The emperor's army was defeated and retreated in disarray. As Haile Selassie's army withdrew, the Italians attacked from the air along with rebellious Raya and Azebo tribesmen on the ground, who were armed and paid by the Italians.[73]




When the struggle to resist Italy appeared doomed, Haile Selassie traveled to the rock-hewn churches of Lalibela for fasting and prayer.[74]


Haile Selassie made a solitary pilgrimage to the churches at Lalibela, at considerable risk of capture, before returning to his capital.[75] After a stormy session of the council of state, it was agreed that because Addis Ababa could not be defended, the government would relocate to the southern town of Gore, and that in the interest of preserving the Imperial house, the emperor's wife Menen Asfaw and the rest of the imperial family should immediately depart for French Somaliland, and from there continue on to Jerusalem.
Exile debate[edit]




The emperor arrives in Jerusalem. May 1936


After further debate as to whether Haile Selassie should go to Gore or accompany his family into exile, it was agreed that he should leave Ethiopia with his family and present the case of Ethiopia to the League of Nations at Geneva. The decision was not unanimous and several participants, including the nobleman Blatta Tekle Wolde Hawariat, strenuously objected to the idea of an Ethiopian monarch fleeing before an invading force.[76] Haile Selassie appointed his cousin Ras Imru Haile Selassie as Prince Regent in his absence, departing with his family for French Somaliland on 2 May 1936.
On 5 May, Marshal Pietro Badoglio led Italian troops into Addis Ababa, and Mussolini declared Ethiopia an Italian province. Victor Emanuel III was proclaimed as the new Emperor of Ethiopia. On the previous day, the Ethiopian exiles had left French Somaliland aboard the British cruiser HMS Enterprise. They were bound for Jerusalem in the British Mandate of Palestine, where the Ethiopian royal family maintained a residence. The Imperial family disembarked at Haifa and then went on to Jerusalem. Once there, Haile Selassie and his retinue prepared to make their case at Geneva. The choice of Jerusalem was highly symbolic, since the Solomonic Dynasty claimed descent from the House of David. Leaving the Holy Land, Haile Selassie and his entourage sailed aboard the British cruiser HMS Capetown for Gibraltar, where he stayed at the Rock Hotel. From Gibraltar, the exiles were transferred to an ordinary liner. By doing this, the government of the United Kingdom was spared the expense of a state reception.[77]
Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936[edit]
Mussolini, upon invading Ethiopia, had promptly declared his own "Italian Empire"; because the League of Nations afforded Haile Selassie the opportunity to address the assembly, Italy even withdrew its League delegation, on 12 May 1936.[78] It was in this context that Haile Selassie walked into the hall of the League of Nations, introduced by the President of the Assembly as "His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of Ethiopia" (Sa Majesté Imperiale, l'Empereur d'Ethiopie). The introduction caused a great many Italian journalists in the galleries to erupt into jeering, heckling, and whistling. As it turned out, they had earlier been issued whistles by Mussolini's son-in-law, Count Galeazzo Ciano.[79] The Romanian delegate, Nicolae Titulescu, famously jumped to his feet in response and cried "Show the savages the door!", and they were cleared out. Haile Selassie waited calmly for the hall to be cleared, and responded "majestically"[80] with a speech sometimes considered[by whom?] among the most stirring of the 20th century.[5]
Although fluent in French, the working language of the League, Haile Selassie chose to deliver his historic speech in his native Amharic. He asserted that, because his "confidence in the League was absolute", his people were now being slaughtered. He pointed out that the same European states that found in Ethiopia's favor at the League of Nations were refusing Ethiopia credit and matériel while aiding Italy, which was employing chemical weapons on military and civilian targets alike.

It was at the time when the operations for the encircling of Makale were taking place that the Italian command, fearing a rout, followed the procedure which it is now my duty to denounce to the world. Special sprayers were installed on board aircraft so that they could vaporize, over vast areas of territory, a fine, death-dealing rain. Groups of nine, fifteen, eighteen aircraft followed one another so that the fog issuing from them formed a continuous sheet. It was thus that, as from the end of January 1936, soldiers, women, children, cattle, rivers, lakes, and pastures were drenched continually with this deadly rain. In order to kill off systematically all living creatures, in order to more surely poison waters and pastures, the Italian command made its aircraft pass over and over again. That was its chief method of warfare.[81]

Noting that his own "small people of 12 million inhabitants, without arms, without resources" could never withstand an attack by a large power such as Italy, with its 42 million people and "unlimited quantities of the most death-dealing weapons", he contended that all small states were threatened by the aggression, and that all small states were in effect reduced to vassal states in the absence of collective action. He admonished the League that "God and history will remember your judgment."[82]

It is collective security: it is the very existence of the League of Nations. It is the confidence that each State is to place in international treaties… In a word, it is international morality that is at stake. Have the signatures appended to a Treaty value only in so far as the signatory Powers have a personal, direct and immediate interest involved?

The speech made the emperor an icon for anti-fascists around the world, and Time named him "Man of the Year".[83] He failed, however, to get what he most needed: the League agreed to only partial and ineffective sanctions on Italy. Only six nations in 1937 did not recognize Italy's occupation; they were China, New Zealand, the Soviet Union, the Republic of Spain, Mexico and the United States.[68]
Exile[edit]




Haile Selassie in 1942


Haile Selassie spent his exile years (1936–41) in Bath, England, in Fairfield House, which he bought. The emperor and Kassa Haile Darge took morning walks together behind the high walls of the 14-room Georgian house. Haile Selassie's favorite reading was "diplomatic history." But most of his serious hours were occupied with the 90,000-word story of his life that he was laboriously writing in Amharic.[84]
Prior to Fairfield House, he briefly stayed at Warne's Hotel in Worthing[85] and in Parkside, Wimbledon.[86] A bust of Haile Selassie is in nearby Cannizaro Park to commemorate this time and is a popular place of pilgrimage for London's Rastafari community. Haile Selassie stayed at the Abbey Hotel in Malvern in the 1930s and his granddaughters and daughters of court officials were educated at Clarendon School in North Malvern. During his time in Malvern he attended services at Holy Trinity Church, in Link Top. A blue plaque, commemorating his stay in Malvern, was unveiled on Saturday, 25 June 2011. As part of the ceremony, a delegation from the Rastafari movement gave a short address and a drum recital.[87][88][89][90][91]
Haile Selassie's activity in this period was focused on countering Italian propaganda as to the state of Ethiopian resistance and the legality of the occupation.[92] He spoke out against the desecration of houses of worship and historical artifacts (including the theft of a 1,600-year-old imperial obelisk), and condemned the atrocities suffered by the Ethiopian civilian population.[93] He continued to plead for League intervention and to voice his certainty that "God's judgment will eventually visit the weak and the mighty alike",[94] though his attempts to gain support for the struggle against Italy were largely unsuccessful until Italy entered World War II on the German side in June 1940.[95]
The emperor's pleas for international support did take root in the United States, particularly among African-American organizations sympathetic to the Ethiopian cause.[96] In 1937, Haile Selassie was to give a Christmas Day radio address to the American people to thank his supporters when his taxi was involved in a traffic accident, leaving him with a fractured knee.[97] Rather than canceling the radio appearance, he proceeded in much pain to complete the address, in which he linked Christianity and goodwill with the Covenant of the League of Nations, and asserted that "War is not the only means to stop war":[97]

With the birth of the Son of God, an unprecedented, an unrepeatable, and a long-anticipated phenomenon occurred. He was born in a stable instead of a palace, in a manger instead of a crib. The hearts of the Wise men were struck by fear and wonder due to His Majestic Humbleness. The kings prostrated themselves before Him and worshipped Him. 'Peace be to those who have good will'. This became the first message.
...Although the toils of wise people may earn them respect, it is a fact of life that the spirit of the wicked continues to cast its shadow on this world. The arrogant are seen visibly leading their people into crime and destruction. The laws of the League of Nations are constantly violated and wars and acts of aggression repeatedly take place… So that the spirit of the cursed will not gain predominance over the human race whom Christ redeemed with his blood, all peace-loving people should cooperate to stand firm in order to preserve and promote lawfulness and peace.[97]

During this period, Haile Selassie suffered several personal tragedies. His two sons-in-law, Ras Desta Damtew and Dejazmach Beyene Merid, were both executed by the Italians.[94] The emperor's daughter, Princess Romanework, wife of Dejazmach Beyene Merid, was herself taken into captivity with her children, and she died in Italy in 1941.[98] His daughter Tsehai died during childbirth shortly after the restoration in 1942.[99]
After his return to Ethiopia, he donated Fairfield House to the city of Bath as a residence for the aged, until modified in the 1990s where it is now used as a day care centre.[100] Advanced negotiations are progressing for a community group to run the House to preserve and develop the House.
1940s and 1950s[edit]




Newspaper illustration drawn by Charles H. Alston for the U.S. Office of War Information Domestic Operations Branch News Bureau, 1943






Meeting with Crown Prince Akihito in 1955






Plaque commemorating the visit of Haile Selassie I to Mexico, 1954 - Etiopía Station, line 3 of the Mexico City Metro


British forces, which consisted primarily of Ethiopian-backed African and South African colonial troops under the "Gideon Force" of Colonel Orde Wingate, coordinated the military effort to liberate Ethiopia. The emperor himself issued several imperial proclamations in this period, demonstrating that, while authority was not divided up in any formal way, British military might and the emperor's populist appeal could be joined in the concerted effort to liberate Ethiopia.[95]
On 18 January 1941, during the East African Campaign, Haile Selassie crossed the border between Sudan and Ethiopia near the village of Um Iddla. The standard of the Lion of Judah was raised again. Two days later, he and a force of Ethiopian patriots joined Gideon Force which was already in Ethiopia and preparing the way.[101] Italy was defeated by a force of the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth of Nations, Free France, Free Belgium, and Ethiopian patriots. On 5 May 1941, Haile Selassie entered Addis Ababa and personally addressed the Ethiopian people, five years to the day since his 1936 exile:

Today is the day on which we defeated our enemy. Therefore, when we say let us rejoice with our hearts, let not our rejoicing be in any other way but in the spirit of Christ. Do not return evil for evil. Do not indulge in the atrocities which the enemy has been practicing in his usual way, even to the last.
Take care not to spoil the good name of Ethiopia by acts which are worthy of the enemy. We shall see that our enemies are disarmed and sent out the same way they came. As Saint George who killed the dragon is the Patron Saint of our army as well as of our allies, let us unite with our allies in everlasting friendship and amity in order to be able to stand against the godless and cruel dragon which has newly risen and which is oppressing mankind.[102]

On 27 August 1942, Haile Selassie abolished the legal basis of slavery throughout the empire and imposed severe penalties, including death, for slave trading.[103] After World War II, Ethiopia became a charter member of the United Nations. In 1948, the Ogaden, a region disputed with Somalia, was granted to Ethiopia.[104] On 2 December 1950, the UN General Assembly adopted Resolution 390 (V), establishing the federation of Eritrea (the former Italian colony) into Ethiopia.[105] Eritrea was to have its own constitution, which would provide for ethnic, linguistic, and cultural balance, while Ethiopia was to manage its finances, defense, and foreign policy.[105]
Despite his centralization policies that had been made before World War II, Haile Selassie still found himself unable to push for all the programs he wanted. In 1942, he attempted to institute a progressive tax scheme, but this failed due to opposition from the nobility, and only a flat tax was passed; in 1951, he agreed to reduce this as well.[106] Ethiopia was still "semi-feudal",[107] and the emperor's attempts to alter its social and economic form by reforming its modes of taxation met with resistance from the nobility and clergy, which were eager to resume their privileges in the postwar era.[106] Where Haile Selassie actually did succeed in effecting new land taxes, the burdens were often passed by the landowners to the peasants.[106] Despite his wishes, the tax burden remained primarily on the peasants.
Between 1941 and 1959, Haile Selassie worked to establish the autocephaly of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.[108] The Ethiopian Orthodox Church had been headed by the abuna, a bishop who answered to the Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. In 1942 and 1945 Haile Selassie applied to the Holy Synod of the Coptic Orthodox Church to establish the independence of Ethiopian bishops, and when his appeals were denied he threatened to sever relations with the Coptic Church of Alexandria.[108] Finally, in 1959, Pope Kyrillos VI elevated the Abuna to Patriarch-Catholicos.[108] The Ethiopian Church remained affiliated with the Alexandrian Church.[106] In addition to these efforts, Haile Selassie changed the Ethiopian church-state relationship by introducing taxation of church lands, and by restricting the legal privileges of the clergy, who had formerly been tried in their own courts for civil offenses.[106]
In keeping with the principle of collective security, for which he was an outspoken proponent, he sent a contingent under General Mulugueta Bulli, known as the Kagnew Battalion, to take part in the Korean War by supporting the United Nations Command. It was attached to the American 7th Infantry Division, and fought in a number of engagements including the Battle of Pork Chop Hill.[109] In a 1954 speech, the emperor spoke of Ethiopian participation in the Korean War as a redemption of the principles of collective security:

Nearly two decades ago, I personally assumed before history the responsibility of placing the fate of my beloved people on the issue of collective security, for surely, at that time and for the first time in world history, that issue was posed in all its clarity. My searching of conscience convinced me of the rightness of my course and if, after untold sufferings and, indeed, unaided resistance at the time of aggression, we now see the final vindication of that principle in our joint action in Korea, I can only be thankful that God gave me strength to persist in our faith until the moment of its recent glorious vindication.[110]





Haile Selassie, Emperor of Ethiopia, photographed during a radio broadcast


During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955, Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution,[111] whereby he retained effective power, while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body. Party politics were not provided for. Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire, and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization, tempered by Ethiopian traditions, and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state.
Haile Selassie compromised when practical with the traditionalists in the nobility and church. He also tried to improve relations between the state and ethnic groups, and granted autonomy to Afar lands that were difficult to control. Still, his reforms to end feudalism were slow and weakened by the compromises he made with the entrenched aristocracy. The Revised Constitution of 1955 has been criticized for reasserting "the indisputable power of the monarch" and maintaining the relative powerlessness of the peasants.[112]
Charitable gesture[edit]
He sent aid to the British government in 1947 when Britain was affected by heavy flooding. His letter to Lord Meork, National Distress Fund, London said, "even though We are busy of helping our people who didn't recover from the crises of the war, We heard that your fertile and beautiful country is devastated by the unusually heavy rain, and your request for aid. Therefore, We are sending small amount of money, about one thousand pounds through our embassy to show our sympathy and cooperation."[113]
He also left his home in exile, Fairfield House, Bath, to the City of Bath for the use of the Aged in 1959.
1960s[edit]


Haile Selassie








1st & 5th Chairman of the Organization of African Unity


In office
25 May 1963 – 17 July 1964


Succeeded by
Gamal Abdel Nasser


In office
5 November 1966 – 11 September 1967


Preceded by
Joseph Arthur Ankrah


Succeeded by
Joseph-Désiré Mobutu





Haile Selassie contributed Ethiopian troops to the United Nations Operation in the Congo peacekeeping force during the 1960 Congo Crisis, to preserve Congolese integrity, per United Nations Security Council Resolution 143. On 13 December 1960, while Haile Selassie was on a state visit to Brazil, his Imperial Guard forces staged an unsuccessful coup, briefly proclaiming Haile Selassie's eldest son Asfa Wossen as emperor. The coup d'état was crushed by the regular army and police forces. The coup attempt lacked broad popular support, was denounced by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, and was unpopular with the army, air force and police. Nonetheless, the effort to depose the emperor had support among students and the educated classes.[114] The coup attempt has been characterized as a pivotal moment in Ethiopian history, the point at which Ethiopians "for the first time questioned the power of the king to rule without the people's consent".[115] Student populations began to empathize with the peasantry and poor, and to advocate on their behalf.[115] The coup spurred Haile Selassie to accelerate reform, which was manifested in the form of land grants to military and police officials.
The emperor continued to be a staunch ally of the West, while pursuing a firm policy of decolonization in Africa, which was still largely under European colonial rule. The United Nations conducted a lengthy inquiry regarding the status of Eritrea, with the superpowers each vying for a stake in the state's future. Britain, the administrator at the time, suggested the partition of Eritrea between Sudan and Ethiopia, separating Christians and Muslims. The idea was instantly rejected by Eritrean political parties, as well as the UN.
A UN plebiscite voted 46 to 10 to have Eritrea be federated with Ethiopia, which was later stipulated on 2 December 1950 in resolution 390 (V). Eritrea would have its own parliament and administration and would be represented in what had been the Ethiopian parliament and would become the federal parliament.[116] Haile Selassie would have none of European attempts to draft a separate Constitution under which Eritrea would be governed, and wanted his own 1955 Constitution protecting families to apply in both Ethiopia and Eritrea. In 1961 the 30-year Eritrean Struggle for Independence began, followed by Haile Selassie's dissolution of the federation and shutting down of Eritrea's parliament.
In September 1961, Haile Selassie attended the Conference of Heads of State of Government of Non-Aligned Countries in Belgrade, FPR Yugoslavia. This is considered to be the founding conference of the Non-Aligned Movement.
In 1961, tensions between independence-minded Eritreans and Ethiopian forces culminated in the Eritrean War of Independence. The emperor declared Eritrea the fourteenth province of Ethiopia in 1962.[117] The war would continue for 30 years, as first Haile Selassie, then the Soviet-backed junta that succeeded him, attempted to retain Eritrea by force.
In 1963, Haile Selassie presided over the formation of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU), the precursor of the continent-wide African Union (AU). The new organization would establish its headquarters in Addis Ababa. In May of that year, Haile Selassie was elected as the OAU's first official chairperson, a rotating seat. Along with Modibo Keïta of Mali, the Ethiopian leader would later help successfully negotiate the Bamako Accords, which brought an end to the border conflict between Morocco and Algeria. In 1964, Haile Selassie would initiate the concept of the United States of Africa, a proposition later taken up by Muammar Gaddafi.[118]
On 4 October 1963, Haile Selassie addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations[119][120] referring in his address to his earlier speech to the League of Nations:

Twenty-seven years ago, as Emperor of Ethiopia, I mounted the rostrum in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the League of Nations and to appeal for relief from the destruction which had been unleashed against my defenceless nation, by the fascist invader. I spoke then both to and for the conscience of the world. My words went unheeded, but history testifies to the accuracy of the warning that I gave in 1936. Today, I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor. In this body is enshrined the principle of collective security which I unsuccessfully invoked at Geneva. Here, in this Assembly, reposes the best – perhaps the last – hope for the peaceful survival of mankind.[121]

On 25 November 1963, the emperor was among other heads of state, including France's President Charles de Gaulle, who traveled to Washington D.C. and attended the funeral of assassinated President John F. Kennedy.
In 1966, Haile Selassie attempted to create a modern, progressive tax[citation needed] that included registration of land, which would significantly weaken the nobility. Even with alterations, this law led to a revolt in Gojjam, which was repressed although enforcement of the tax was abandoned. The revolt, having achieved its design in undermining the tax, encouraged other landowners to defy Haile Selassie.




Haile Selassie on a state visit to Washington, 1963


While he had fully approved of, and assured Ethiopia's participation in, UN-approved collective security operations, including Korea and Congo, Haile Selassie drew a distinction with the non-UN approved foreign intervention in Indochina, and consistently deplored it as needless suffering, calling for the Vietnam War to end on several occasions. At the same time he remained open toward the United States and commended it for making progress with African Americans' Civil Rights legislation in the 1950s and 1960s, while visiting the US several times during these years.
In 1967, He visited Montreal, Canada to open the Ethiopian Pavilion at the Expo '67 World's Fair where he received great acclaim amongst other World leaders there for the occasion.
Student unrest became a regular feature of Ethiopian life in the 1960s and 1970s. Marxism took root in large segments of the Ethiopian intelligentsia, particularly among those who had studied abroad and had thus been exposed to radical and left-wing sentiments that were becoming popular in other parts of the globe.[114] Resistance by conservative elements at the Imperial Court and Parliament, and by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, made Haile Selassie's land reform proposals difficult to implement, and also damaged the standing of the government, costing Haile Selassie much of the goodwill he had once enjoyed. This bred resentment among the peasant population. Efforts to weaken unions also hurt his image. As these issues began to pile up, Haile Selassie left much of domestic governance to his Prime Minister, Aklilu Habte Wold, and concentrated more on foreign affairs.
1970s[edit]




Haile Selassie I in Toledo (Spain) in April 1971. Picture by Eduardo Butragueño.


Outside of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie continued to enjoy enormous prestige and respect. As the longest-serving head of state in power, he was often given precedence over other leaders at state events, such as the state funerals of John F. Kennedy and Charles de Gaulle, the summits of the Non-Aligned Movement, and the 1971 celebration of the 2,500 years of the Persian Empire. In 1970 he visited Italy as a guest of President Giuseppe Saragat, and in Milan he met Giordano Dell'Amore, President of Italian Savings Banks Association. He visited China in October 1971, and was the first foreign head of state to meet Mao Zedong following the death of Mao's designated successor Lin Biao in a plane crash in Mongolia.
Human rights in Ethiopia under Selassie's regime were poor. Civil liberties and political rights were low with Freedom House giving Ethiopia a "Not Free" score for both civil liberties and political rights in the last years of Selassie's rule.[122] Common human right abuses included imprisonment and torture of political prisoners and very poor prison conditions.[9] The Ethiopian army also carried out a number of these atrocities while fighting the Eritrean separatists. This was due to a policy of destroying Eritrean villages that supported the rebels. There were a number of mass killings of hundreds of civilians during the war in the late 1960s and early '70s.[123][124][125][126]
Wollo famine[edit]
Famine—mostly in Wollo, north-eastern Ethiopia, as well as in some parts of Tigray—is estimated to have killed 40,000 to 80,000 Ethiopians[8][127] between 1972 and 1974. A BBC News report[128] has cited a 1973 estimate that 200,000 deaths occurred, based on a contemporaneous estimate from the Ethiopian Nutrition Institute. While this figure is still repeated in some texts and media sources, it was an estimate that was later found to be "over-pessimistic".[130] Although the region is infamous for recurrent crop failures and continuous food shortage and starvation risk, this episode was remarkably severe. A 1973 production of the ITV programme The Unknown Famine by Jonathan Dimbleby.[131][132] relied on the unverified estimate of 200,000 dead,[128][133] stimulating a massive influx of aid while at the same time destabilizing Haile Selassie's regime.[127] Against that background, a group of dissident army officers instigated a creeping coup against the emperor's faltering regime. To guard against a public backlash in favour of Haile Selassie (who was still widely revered), they contrived to obtain a copy of The Unknown Famine which they intercut with images of Africa's grand old man presiding at a wedding feast in the grounds of his palace. Retitled The Hidden Hunger, it was shown round the clock on Ethiopian television to coincide with the day that they finally summoned the nerve to seize the emperor himself.[134]




The 1973 oil crisis, the severity of which is demonstrated by this graph, hit Ethiopia amidst a devastating famine, compounding its effect and undermining support for the emperor.[112]


Some reports suggest that the emperor was unaware of the extent of the famine,[128] while others assert that he was well aware of it.[135][136] In addition to the exposure of attempts by corrupt local officials to cover up the famine from the imperial government, the Kremlin's depiction of Haile Selassie's Ethiopia as backwards and inept (relative to the purported utopia of Marxism-Leninism) contributed to the popular uprising that led to its downfall and the rise of Mengistu Haile Mariam.[137] The famine and its image in the media undermined popular support of the government, and Haile Selassie's once unassailable personal popularity fell.[138]
The crisis was exacerbated by military mutinies and high oil prices, the latter a result of the 1973 oil crisis. The international economic crisis triggered by the oil crisis caused the costs of imported goods, gasoline, and food to skyrocket, while unemployment spiked.[112]
Revolution[edit]
In February 1974, four days of serious riots in Addis Ababa against a sudden economic inflation left five dead. The emperor responded by announcing on national television a reduction in petrol prices and a freeze on the cost of basic commodities. This calmed the public, but the promised 33% military wage hike was not substantial enough to pacify the army, which then mutinied, beginning in Asmara and spreading throughout the empire. This mutiny led to the resignation of Prime Minister Aklilu Habte-Wold on 27 February 1974.[139] Haile Selassie again went on television to agree to the army's demands for still greater pay, and named Endelkachew Makonnen as his new Prime Minister. Despite Endalkatchew's many concessions, discontent continued in March with a four-day general strike that paralyzed the nation.
Imprisonment[edit]




The deposition of Emperor Haile Selassie I (above rear window) from the Jubilee Palace on 12 September 1974, marking the coup d'état's action on that day and the assumption of power by the Derg.


The Derg, a committee of low-ranking military officers and enlisted men, set up in June to investigate the military's demands, took advantage of the government's disarray to depose Haile Selassie on 12 September 1974. General Aman Mikael Andom, a Protestant of Eritrean origin,[139] served briefly as provisional head of state pending the return of Crown Prince Asfa Wossen, who was then receiving medical treatment abroad. Haile Selassie was placed under house arrest briefly at the 4th Army Division in Addis Ababa,[139] while most of his family was detained at the late Duke of Harar's residence in the north of the capital. The last months of the emperor's life were spent in imprisonment, in the Grand Palace.[140] Reportedly, his mental condition was such that he believed he was still Emperor of Ethiopia.[141]
Later, most of the imperial family was imprisoned in the Addis Ababa prison Kerchele, also known as "Alem Bekagne", or "I've had Enough of This World". On 23 November 1974, sixty former high officials of the imperial government were executed without trial.[142] The executed included Haile Selassie's grandson and two former Prime Ministers.[140] These killings, known to Ethiopians as "Bloody Saturday", were condemned by Crown Prince Asfa Wossen; the Derg responded to his rebuke by revoking its acknowledgment of his imperial legitimacy, and announcing the end of the Solomonic dynasty.[142]
Death and interment[edit]
On 28 August 1975, the state media reported that the "ex-monarch" Haile Selassie had died on 27 August of "respiratory failure" following complications from a prostate examination followed up by a prostate operation.[143] His doctor, Asrat Woldeyes, denied that complications had occurred and rejected the government version of his death.[citation needed] Some imperial loyalists believed that the emperor had in fact been assassinated, and this belief remains widely held to this day.[144] One western correspondent in Ethiopia at the time commented, "While it is not known what actually happened, there are strong indications that no efforts were made to save him. It is unlikely that he was actually killed. Such rumors were bound to arise no matter what happened, given the atmosphere of suspicion and distrust prevailing in Addis Ababa at the time."[145]
The Soviet-backed Derg fell in 1991. In 1992, the emperor's bones were found under a concrete slab on the palace grounds;[144] some reports suggest that his remains were discovered beneath a latrine.[146] For almost a decade thereafter, as Ethiopian courts attempted to sort out the circumstances of his death, his coffin rested in Bhata Church, near his great-uncle Menelik II's resting place.[147] On 5 November 2000, Haile Selassie was given an imperial-style funeral by the Ethiopian Orthodox church. The post-communist government refused calls to declare the ceremony an official imperial funeral.[147]
Although such prominent Rastafari figures as Rita Marley and others participated in the grand funeral, most Rastafari rejected the event and refused to accept that the bones were the remains of Haile Selassie. There remains some debate within the Rastafari movement whether Haile Selassie actually died in 1975.[148]
Descendants[edit]




Prince Makonnen, son of Haile Selassie I.


By Menen Asfaw, Haile Selassie had six children: Princess Tenagnework, Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen, Princess Tsehai, Princess Zenebework, Prince Makonnen, and Prince Sahle Selassie.
There is some controversy as to the motherhood of Haile Selassie's eldest daughter, Princess Romanework. While the living members of the royal family state that Romanework is the eldest daughter of Empress Menen,[149] it has been asserted that Princess Romanework is actually the daughter of a previous union of the emperor with Woizero Altayech.[150] This may be a nickname she used, as nobleman Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos, a contemporary source prominent in both the Imperial Court and the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church names her as Woizero Woinetu Amede. The emperor's own autobiography makes no mention of this previous marriage or having fathered children with anyone other than Empress Menen, although he mentions the death of this daughter in captivity at Turin. Other sources such as Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos mentions Princess Romanework's mother Woizero Woinetu Amede as attending the wedding of her daughter to Dejazmatch Beyene Merid in a first hand account in his book about the years before the Italian occupation.
Prince Asfaw Wossen was first married to Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum and then following their divorce to Princess Medferiashwork Abebe. Prince Makonnen was married to Princess Sara Gizaw. Prince Sahle Selassie was married to Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam. Princess Romanework married Dejazmatch Beyene Merid. Princess Tenagnework first married Ras Desta Damtew, and after she was widowed later married Ras Andargachew Messai. Princess Zenebework married Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Gugsa. Princess Tsehai married Lt. General Abiye Abebe.


Name
Birth
Death
Spouse
Children


Princess Romanework
Circa 1909
14 October 1941
Dejazmatch Beyene Merid
Dejazmatch Merid Beyene
Dejazmatch Samson Beyene
Lij Getachew Beyene
Lij Gideon Beyene


Princess Tenagnework
12 January 1912
6 April 2003
1st Ras Desta Damtew
2nd Ras Andargatchew Messai
Princess Aida Desta
Prince Amha Desta
Princess Seble Desta
Rear Admiral Prince Iskinder Desta
Princess Hirut Desta
Princess Sophia Desta
Emebet Tsige Mariam Abebe Retta
Emebet Mentewab Andargatchew(died in childhood)


Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
27 July 1916
17 February 1997
1st Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum
2nd Princess Medferiashwork Abebe
Princess Ijigayehu
Princess Maryam Senna
Princess Sehin Azebe
Princess Sifrash Bizu
Crown Prince Zera Yacob


Princess Zenebework
25 July 1918
25 March 1933
Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Guglsa



Princess Tsehai
13 October 1919
17 August 1942
Lt. General Abiye Abebe



Prince Makonnen Duke of Harrar
16 October 1923
13 May 1957
Princess Sara Gizaw Duchess of Harrar
Prince Paul Wossen Seged Makonnen Duke of Harrar
Prince Mikael Makonnen
Prince Tefferi Makonnen
Prince Dawit Makonnen (or Makonnen Makonnen)
Prince Beede Mariam Makonnen


Prince Sahle Selassie
27 February 1931
24 April 1962
Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam
Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie


Rastafari messiah[edit]


“
…Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
”


—  Psalms 68:31




Rastafari





Main doctrines







Jah
Ital






Zion
Cannabis use







Central figures







Haile Selassie I
Jesus






Menen Asfaw
Marcus Garvey







Key scriptures







Bible
Kebra Nagast






My Life and Ethiopia's Progress






The Promise Key
Holy Piby




Royal Parchment Scroll
of Black Supremacy





Branches







Mansions
in the U.S.






Bobo Ashanti
Nyabinghi



Twelve Tribes of Israel




Festivals







Shashamane
Grounation Day



Reasoning




Notable individuals




Leonard Howell
Joseph Hibbert
Archibald Dunkley
Mortimer Planno
Vernon Carrington
Charles Edwards
Bob Marley
Peter Tosh




See also







Vocabulary
Persecution






Dreadlocks
Reggae



Roots reggae
Lion of Judah
Ethiopian Christianity
Chalice
Index of Rastafari articles







v
t
e





Today, Haile Selassie is worshipped as God incarnate[151] among followers of the Rastafari movement (taken from Haile Selassie's pre-imperial name Ras—meaning Head, a title equivalent to Duke—Tafari Makonnen), which emerged in Jamaica during the 1930s under the influence of Marcus Garvey's "Pan Africanism" movement. He is viewed as the messiah who will lead the peoples of Africa and the African diaspora to freedom.[152] His official titles are Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah and King of Kings of Ethiopia and Elect of God, and his traditional lineage is thought to be from Solomon and Sheba.[153] These notions are perceived by Rastafari as confirmation of the return of the messiah in the prophetic Book of Revelation in the New Testament: King of Kings, Lord of Lords, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, and Root of David. Rastafari faith in the incarnate divinity of Haile Selassie[154] began after news reports of his coronation reached Jamaica,[155] particularly via the two Time magazine articles on the coronation the week before and the week after the event. Haile Selassie's own perspectives permeate the philosophy of the movement.[155][156]
In 1961, the Jamaican government sent a delegation composed of both Rastafari and non-Rastafari leaders to Ethiopia to discuss the matter of repatriation, among other issues, with the emperor. He reportedly told the Rastafari delegation (which included Mortimer Planno), "Tell the Brethren to be not dismayed, I personally will give my assistance in the matter of repatriation."[157]
Haile Selassie visited Jamaica on 21 April 1966, and approximately one hundred thousand Rastafari from all over Jamaica descended on Palisadoes Airport in Kingston,[155] having heard that the man whom they considered to be their messiah was coming to visit them. Spliffs[158] and chalices[159] were openly[160] smoked, causing "a haze of ganja smoke" to drift through the air.[161][162][163] Haile Selassie arrived at the airport but was unable to come down the mobile steps of the airplane, as the crowd rushed the tarmac. He then returned into the plane, disappearing for several more minutes. Finally, Jamaican authorities were obliged to request Ras Mortimer Planno, a well-known Rasta leader, to climb the steps, enter the plane, and negotiate the emperor's descent.[164] Planno re-emerged and announced to the crowd: "The Emperor has instructed me to tell you to be calm. Step back and let the Emperor land".[165] This day is widely held by scholars to be a major turning point for the movement,[166][167][168] and it is still commemorated by Rastafari as Grounation Day, the anniversary of which is celebrated as the second holiest holiday after 2 November, the emperor's Coronation Day.
From then on, as a result of Planno's actions, the Jamaican authorities were asked to ensure that Rastafari representatives were present at all state functions attended by the emperor,[167][168] and Rastafari elders also ensured that they obtained a private audience with the emperor,[167] where he reportedly told them that they should not emigrate to Ethiopia until they had first liberated the people of Jamaica. This dictum came to be known as "liberation before repatriation".
Haile Selassie defied expectations of the Jamaican authorities[169] and never rebuked the Rastafari for their belief in him as the returned Jesus. Instead, he presented the movement's faithful elders with gold medallions – the only recipients of such an honor on this visit.[170][171] During PNP leader (later Jamaican Prime Minister) Michael Manley's visit to Ethiopia in October 1969, the emperor allegedly still recalled his 1966 reception with amazement, and stated that he felt that he had to be respectful of their beliefs.[172] This was the visit when Manley received the Rod of Correction or Rod of Joshua as a present from the emperor, which is thought to have helped him to win the 1972 election in Jamaica.
Rita Marley, Bob Marley's wife, converted to the Rastafari faith after seeing Haile Selassie on his Jamaican trip. She claimed in interviews (and in her book No Woman, No Cry) that she saw a stigmata print on the palm of Haile Selassie's hand as he waved to the crowd which resembled the markings on Christ's hands from being nailed to the cross—a claim that was not supported by other sources, but was used as evidence for her and other Rastafari to suggest that Haile Selassie I was indeed their messiah.[173] She was also influential in the conversion of Bob Marley, who then became internationally recognized. As a result, Rastafari became much better known throughout much of the world.[174] Bob Marley's posthumously released song "Iron Lion Zion" refers to Haile Selassie.
Question of his divinity[edit]
In a 1967 recorded interview Haile Selassie appeared to deny his alleged divinity. In the interview Bill McNeil says: "there are millions of Christians throughout the world, your Imperial Majesty, who regard you as the reincarnation of Jesus Christ." Selassie replied in his native language:

I have heard of that idea. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I will be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that a human being is emanated from a deity.[175]

For many Rastafari the CBC interview is not interpreted as a denial of his divinity, and according to Robert Earl Hood, Haile Selassie neither denied nor affirmed his divinity either way.[176] In Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music, Kevin Chang and Wayne Chen note

It's often said, though no definite date is ever cited, that Haile Selassie himself denied his divinity. Former senator and Gleaner editor, Hector Wynter, tells of asking him, during his visit to Jamaica in 1966, when he was going to tell Rastafari he was not God. "Who am I to disturb their belief?" replied the emperor.[169]

After his return to Ethiopia, he dispatched Archbishop Abuna Yesehaq Mandefro to the Caribbean to help draw Rastafari and other West Indians to the Ethiopian church and, according to some sources, denied his divinity.[177][178][179][180]
In 1948, Haile Selassie donated a piece of land at Shashamane, 250 km south of Addis Ababa, for the use of people of African descent from the West Indies. Numerous Rastafari families settled there and still live as a community to this day.[181]
Biographical film[edit]
In 2008 a full-length feature film, Man of the Millennium, was produced by an Ethiopian film-maker Tikher Teferra Kidane of Exodus Films, in collaboration with an Alaskan TV station Tanana Valley TV and 4th Avenue Films.[182]
Quotations[edit]

A house built on granite and strong foundations, not even the onslaught of pouring rain, gushing torrents and strong winds will be able to pull down. Some people have written the story of my life representing as truth what in fact derives from ignorance, error or envy; but they cannot shake the truth from its place, even if they attempt to make others believe it.
— Preface to My Life and Ethiopia's Progress, Autobiography of H.I.M. Haile Selassie I (English translation)


That until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned: That until there are no longer first-class and second-class citizens of any nation; That until the color of a man's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes; That until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race; That until that day, the dream of lasting peace and world citizenship and the rule of international morality will remain but a fleeting illusion, to be pursued but never attained and until the ignoble but unhappy regimes that hold our brothers in Angola, in Mozambique, and in South Africa in subhuman bondage have been toppled and destroyed; until bigotry and prejudice and malicious and inhuman self-interest have been replaced by understanding and tolerance and goodwill; until all Africans stand and speak as free human beings, equal in the eyes of the Almighty; until that day, the African continent shall not know peace. We Africans will fight if necessary and we know that we shall win as we are confident in the victory of good over evil.
— English translation of 1963 Speech delivered to the United Nations and popularized in a song called "War" by Bob Marley.


Our attitude to the Somalis who belong to the same race as the Ethiopian people and share with them a common history, has always been crystal clear.
— April 5, 1958 Interview with BBC


Apart from the Kingdom of the Lord there is not on this earth any nation that is superior to any other. Should it happen that a strong Government finds it may with impunity destroy a weak people, then the hour strikes for that weak people to appeal to the League of Nations to give its judgment in all freedom. God and history will remember your judgment.
— Address to the League of Nations, 1936.


We have finished the job. What shall we do with the tools?
— Telegram to Winston Churchill, 1941.


Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted; the indifference of those who should have known better; the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most; that has made it possible for evil to triumph.


Today I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor.
— In a speech to the United Nations.


Misguided people sometimes create misguided ideas. Some of my ancestors were Oromo. How can I colonize myself?
— in response to accusations by dissidents


I have heard of that idea [i.e., of Haile Selassie being the reincarnation of Jesus Christ]. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I would be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that the human being is emanated from a deity."
— Interview with Bill McNeil.


A qualified man with vision, unmoved by daily selfish interests, will be led to right decisions by his conscience. In general, a man who knows from whence he comes and where he is going will co-operate with his fellow human beings. He will not be satisfied with merely doing his ordinary duties but will inspire others by his good example. You are being watched by the nation and you should realize that you will satisfy it if you do good; but if, on the contrary, you do evil, it will lose its hope and its confidence in you."
— 2 July 1963 – University Graduation

Title as emperor[edit]

2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974: His Imperial Majesty the King of Kings of Ethiopia, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, Elect of God.

Honours[edit]
National orders[edit]

 Chief Commander of the Order of the Star of Ethiopia (1909)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Solomon (1930)[184]
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Seal of Solomon[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Queen of Sheba[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Holy Trinity (Ethiopia)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Menelik II[183]

Foreign orders[edit]


 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) (United Kingdom, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown of Italy (Kingdom of Italy, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus (Kingdom of Italy, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Redeemer (Kingdom of Greece, 19 August 1924)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (Belgium, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau (Luxembourg, 25 May 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Legion d'Honneur (France, 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Tower and Sword (Portugal, 1925)
 Knight of the Order of the Most Holy Annunciation (Kingdom of Italy, 1928)
 Royal Victorian Chain (United Kingdom, 1930)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1930)
 Collar of the Order of Muhammad Ali (Kingdom of Egypt, 1930)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion (Netherlands, 1930)
 Knight of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland, 1930)
 Croix de guerre 1939–1945 with a bronze palm (France, 1945)
 Chief Commander of the Legion of Merit (USA, 1945)
 Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of St. Olav (Norway, 1949)
 Yugoslav Great Star (Yugoslavia, 1954)
 Medal of Military Merit 1st Class (Kingdom of Greece, 28 October 1954)
 Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany, 1954)
 Military Medal (France, 1954)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Military William Order (Netherlands, 3 November 1954)[185]
 Honorary Knight of the Order of the Garter (KG) (United Kingdom, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Elephant (RE) (Denmark, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Seraphim (RSerafO) (Sweden, 1954)
 Collar of the Order of the Aztec Eagle (Mexico, 1954)
 Grand Star of the Order of Merit of the Austrian Republic (Austria, 1954)
Honorary Citizen of Belgrade (Yugoslavia, 1954)[186]
 Member of the Order of Merit for National Foundation, the "Order of the Republic of Korea" grade (South Korea, 1955)
 Knight Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (Italy, 1955)
 Collar of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1956)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Vietnam (South Vietnam, 1958)
Grand Commander of the Order of Truth (Burma, 1958)
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Southern Cross (Brazil, 1958)
 Star of the Republic of Indonesia, 1st Class (Indonesia, 1958)
 Hilal-i-Pakistan, 1st Class (Pakistan, 1958)
 Knight of the Order of the Royal House of Chakri (Thailand, 1958)
 Riband of the Three Military (Order Of Christ, Order of Saint Benedict of Aviz, and Order of St. James of the Sword) (Portugal, 1959)
 Korean War Service Medal (South Korea, 1959)
 1st Class of the Order of Suvorov (USSR, 1959)
Grand Cross of the Order of the Somali Star (Somalia)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Nile (Egypt, 22 May 1963)
 Commander of the Order of the Shield and Spears (Buganda, 1964)
 Grand Collar of the Order of Pahlavi (Iran, 1964)
 Star of the People's Republic of Romania (Romania, 1964)
 Member 1st Class with Diamonds of the Order of the Flag of the Republic of Hungary (Hungary, 1964)
Jamaica Kings House Honouree (Jamaica, 1966)
 Collar of the National Order of Honour and Merit (Haiti, 1966)
 Necklace of the Order of Jean-Jacques Dessalines the Great (Haiti, 1966)[187]
 Grand Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (Poland, 1967)
 Honorary Recipient of the Order of the Crown of the Realm (D.M.N.) (Malaysia, 21 May 1968)
 Companion of the Order of the Star of Ghana (CSG) (Ghana, 1970)
 Collar of the Order of Pius IX (Holy See, 1970)
 Knight Collar of the Order of Charles III (Spain, 27 April 1971)[188]
 Commemorative Medal of the 2500th Anniversary of the founding of the Persian Empire (Iran, 14 October 1971)[189]
Honorary Citizen of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Yugoslavia, 1972)[190]
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator General San Martín (Argentina)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Dahomey (Benin)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Condor of the Andes (Bolivia)
 Order of Valour (Cameroon)
 Order of Central African Merit (Central African Republic)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Chad (Republic of Chad)
 Collar of the Order of Merit (Chile)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Merit (Congo)
 Order of the White Lion 1st Class with Collar (Czechoslovakia)
 Collar of the Order of the White Rose (Finland)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Equatorial Star (Gabon)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Guinea)
 Grand Order of the Hashemites (Kingdom of Iraq)
 Order of al-Hussein bin Ali (Jordan)
 Grand Chief of the Order of the Golden Heart (Kenya)
 Extraordinary Grade of the Order of Merit (Lebanon)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Pioneers of Liberia (Liberia)
 Order of Idris I (Libya)
 Grand Cordon of the National Order of Madagascar (Madagascar)
 Order of the Lion (Malawi)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Mali (Mali)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Mauritania)
Order of Muhammad (Morocco)
 Grand Cross of the National Order (Niger)
 Order of the Federal Republic (Nigeria)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru (Peru)
 Raja of the Order of Sikatuna (Philippines)
 Order of Abdulaziz al Saud, 1st Class (Saudi Arabia)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Lion (Senegal)
 Cordon of Honour (Sudan)
 Order of Umayyad (Syria)
 Special Grade of the Order of Propitious Clouds (Taiwan)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Mono (Togo)
 Order of Independence (Tunisia)
 Order of the Source of the Nile (Uganda)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Upper Volta (Republic of Upper Volta)
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator (Venezuela)
 Collar of the National Order of the Leopard (Zaire)
 Collar of the Order of the Eagle of Zambia (Zambia)


Ancestry[edit]


Ancestors of Haile Selassie







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

8. Dejazmach Wolde Malakot Yamana Krestos

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

4. Dejazmach Wolde Mikael Gudessa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

9. Woizero Kalama Worq

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

2. Ras Mäkonnen Wäldä-Mika'él Guddisa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Meridazmach Wossen Seged



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Meridazmach Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Woizero Zenebework



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Immabet Tenagnework Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22.



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Woizero Yimegnushal Ayele

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Etalemahu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

6. Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar of Woreilu

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

3. Woizero Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

14. Ato Yimeru of Gurage

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

7. Immabet-Hoy Walatta Ihata Giyorgis Yimeru

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

15. Woizero Araza-Aregai

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






















Military ranks[edit]
Haile Selassie held the following ranks:[191]

Field Marshal, Imperial Ethiopian Army
Admiral of the Fleet, Imperial Ethiopian Navy
Marshal of the Imperial Ethiopian Air Force
Field Marshal, British Army, 20 January 1965[192]

Popular culture[edit]

William Saroyan wrote a short story about him entitled The Lion of Judah in his 1971 book, Letters from 74 rue Taitbout or Don't Go But If You Must Say Hello To Everybody.
His name is often called out in vain by Hermes Conrad, a Rastafarian Accountant from the show Futurama
Featured as a playable leader in the computer strategy game Civilization V: Brave New World
Rex Stewart, a jazz cornetist, thought about Haile Selassie when he was creating a tune named Menelik (The Lion of Juda) which was recorded in 1941.

See also[edit]

Black Lions
Desta Damtew
List of people who have been considered deities

Notes[edit]
Footnotes[edit]



^ Translates to "Power of the Trinity".[1]
^ Pronounced in English as /ˈhaɪli səˈlæsi/ or /səˈlɑːsi/.[2][3]
^ Ge'ez ግርማዊ ቀዳማዊ አፄ ኃይለ ሥላሴ ሞዓ አንበሳ ዘእምነገደ ይሁዳ ንጉሠ ነገሥት ዘኢትዮጵያ ሰዩመ እግዚአብሔር; girmāwī ḳedāmāwī 'aṣē ḫayle śillāsē, mō'ā 'anbessā ze'imneggede yihudā niguse negest ze'ītyōṗṗyā, siyume 'igzī'a'bihēr.[citation needed]
^ Bālemulu literally means "fully empowered" or "wholly authorised", thus distinguishing it from the general use of Enderase, that being a representative or lieutenant of the Emperor to fiefs or vassals, essentially a Governor-General or Viceroy, by which term provincial governors in the contemporary Imperial period, during Haile Selassie's reign, were referred.[citation needed]
^ Balcha Safo brought an army of ten thousand with him from Sidamo.[37]
^ Balcha Safo's personal bodyguard numbered about five hundred.[37]



Citations[edit]


^ Gates, Henry Louis and Appiah, Anthony, Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience. 1999, p. 902.
^ "Haile Selassie", Merriam-webster, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Haile Selassie", Dictionary, Reference, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ Page, Melvin Eugene; Sonnenburg, Penny M. (2003). Colonialism: an international, social, cultural, and political encyclopedia. 1. ABC-CLIO. p. 247. ISBN 978-1-57607-335-3. 
^ a b Safire 1997, pp. 297–8.
^ Karsh, Efraim (1988), Neutrality and Small States. Routledge. ISBN 0-41500507-8, p. 112.
^ Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs. ISBN 1-58648398-6, pp. 212–13.
^ a b c Rebellion and Famine in the North under Haile Selassie (PDF), Human Rights Watch .
^ a b Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998), "Feeding on Ethiopia's Famine", The Independent, UK .
^ "Rastafarian", Major religions ranked by size, Adherents .
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Sullivan, Michael, C. (2005), In Search of a Perfect World. Author House. ISBN 1-42084161-0, p. 86.
^ Erlich, Haggai (2002), The Cross and the River: Ethiopia, Egypt, and the Nile. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587970-5, p. 192.
^ Murrell, p. 148
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia dies at 83", The New York Times .
^ a b Murrell, pp. 172–3.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xiii.
^ "Haile Selasie: 40 year anniversary of his death". African calendar. Africa Media Online. 
^ Roberts, Neil (11 February 2015). Freedom as Marronage. University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 9780226201047. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ Murrell, p. 159.
^ Lee V. (1983, July), "The Roots of Rastafari", Yoga Journal No. 51. ISSN 0191-0965, p. 18
^ Ghai, Yash P. (2000), Autonomy and Ethnicity: Negotiating Competing Claims in Multi-Ethnic States. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52178642-8, p. 176.
^ a b Kasuka, Bridgette (2012). Prominent African Leaders Since Independence. Bankole Kamara Taylor. p. 19. ISBN 1-47004358-0. 
^ "Shoa 3". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ a b de Moor, Jaap and Wesseling, H. L. (1989), Imperialism and War: Essays on Colonial Wars in Asia and Africa. Brill. ISBN 9004088342, p. 189.
^ a b Woodward, Peter (1994), Conflict and Peace in the Horn of Africa: federalism and its alternatives. Dartmouth Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85521486-5, p. 29.
^ Shinn, p. 265.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xii.
^ a b c Shinn, pp. 193–4.
^ a b Roberts, p. 712.
^ a b White, pp. 34–5.
^ "Modern era". History of Ethiopia. Solomonic crown heraldry. Archived from the original on 26 September 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ Mockler, p. 387.
^ Lentakis, Michael B. (2004), Ethiopia: Land of the Lotus Eaters. Janus Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85756558-4, p. 41.
^ a b Shinn, p. 228.
^ Marcus, p. 126.
^ a b c d e Marcus, p. 127.
^ Marcus, Harold (1996), Haile Selassie I: The formative years, 1892–1936. Trenton: Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902007-8, pp. 36ff.
^ Clarence-Smith, W. G. The Economics of the Indian Ocean Slave Trade in the Nineteenth Century. 1989, p. 103.
^ Miers, Twentieth Century Solutions of the Abolition of Slavery (PDF), Yale .
^ Brody, J. Kenneth (2000). The Avoidable War. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-76580498-0. p. 209.
^ Marcus, p. 123.
^ Gates and Appiah, Africana (1999), p. 698.
^ Rogers, Joel Augustus (1936). The Real Facts about Ethiopia. p. 27.
^ a b c Mockler, pp. 3–4.
^ ETHIOPIAN RULER WINS PLAUDITS OF PARISIANS, The New York Times. 17 May 1924.
^ ETHIOPIAN ROYALTIES DON SHOES IN CAIRO, The New York Times. 5 May 1924.
^ Mockler, p. 4.
^ Nidel, Richard (2005), World Music: The Basics. Routledge. ISBN 0415968003, p. 56.
^ a b Roberts, p. 723.
^ Marcus, p. 129.
^ Mockler, p. 8.
^ Marcus, pp. 127–28.
^ Roberts, p. 724.
^ Sorenson, John (2001). Ghosts and Shadows: Construction of Identity and Community in an African Diaspora. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-80208331-5 p. 34.
^ Brockman, Norbert C. (1994), An African Biographical Dictionary. ABC-CLIO. ISBN 0-87436748-4, p. 381.
^ Henze, Paul B. (2000), Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia. C. Hurst & Co. Publishers. ISBN 1-85065393-3, p. 205.
^ a b Mockler, p. 12.
^ Abyssinian ruler honors Americans. The New York Times. 24 October 1930.
^ Wallace, Irving (1965). "Everybody's Rover Boy", p. 113 in The Sunday Gentleman. New York: Simon & Schuster.
^ "Emperor is Crowned in Regal Splendor at African Capital". The New York Times. 3 November 1930.
^ ABYSSINIA'S GUESTS RECEIVE COSTLY GIFTS. The New York Times. 12 November 1930.
^ "Emperor of Ethiopia Honors Bishop Freeman; Sends Gold-Encased Bible and Cross for Prayer". The New York Times. 27 January 1931.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 17.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 22.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020515, p. 22.
^ Mockler, p. 61.
^ a b Carlton, Eric (1992), Occupation: The Policies and Practices of Military Conquerors. Taylor & Francis. ISBN 0-20314346-9, pp. 88–9.
^ a b Vandervort, Bruce (1998), Wars of Imperial Conquest in Africa, 1830–1914. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-25321178-6, p. 158.
^ Churchill, Winston (1986). The Second World War. p. 165.
^ Chapter 35 – We proclaim mobilization at the Wayback Machine (archived 11 June 2009) in Words of RasTafarI, Haile Selassie I. Jah-rastafari. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Baudendistel, Rainer (2006), Between Bombs And Good Intentions: The Red Cross And the Italo-Ethiopian War. Berghahn Books. ISBN 1-84545035-3, p. 168.
^ Young, John (1997), Peasant Revolution in Ethiopia. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52102606-7, p. 51.
^ Garvey, Marcus, The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers. 1991, p. 685.
^ Mockler, p. 123.
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 62.
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 132
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 72.
^ Moseley, Ray (1999), Mussolini's Shadow: The Double Life of Count Galeazzo Ciano. Yale University Press. ISBN 0-30007917-6, p. 27.
^ Jarrett-Macauley, Delia (1998), The Life of Una Marson, 1905–65, Manchester University Press, ISBN 0-71905284-X, pp. 102–3.
^ Safire 1997, p. 318.
^ Ferraro, Vincent. "Haile Selassie, "Appeal to the League of Nations", June 1936". Mtholyoke. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Man of the Year", Time (magazine), 6 January 1936 .
^ Time 1937.
^ Elleray, D. Robert (1998). A Millennium Encyclopaedia of Worthing History. Worthing: Optimus Books. p. 119. ISBN 0-9533132-0-4. 
^ Selassie at Wimbledon, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society, Summer 2006, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Exiled emperor at home in hotel". Malvern Gazette. 18 October 2002. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor's life in town is recalled in BBC film". Malvern Gazette. 14 February 2003. Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "'Princesses were my school chums'". Malvern Gazette. Newsquest Media Group. 5 May 2006. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor will be remembered as part of civic week". Malvern Gazette. 6 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Civic week to be launched with ceremony". Malvern Gazette. 21 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 11–2..
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 26–27..
^ a b Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 25.
^ a b Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004), Ethiopia: A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-41911857-9, pp. 60–61.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 27.
^ a b c Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 40–42.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 170.
^ Shinn, p. 3.
^ Haber, Lutz, The Emperor Haile Selassie I in Bath 1936–1940, Occasional papers, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society .
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 156.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 165.
^ Hinks, Peter P.; McKivigan, John R. and Williams, R. Owen (2007). Encyclopedia of Antislavery and Abolition, Greenwood Publishing Group, p. 248. ISBN 0-313-33143-X.
^ Shinn, p. 201.
^ a b Shinn, pp. 140–1.
^ a b c d e Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004). Ethiopia A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1419118579. pp. 63–4.
^ Willcox Seidman, Ann (1990), Apartheid, Militarism, and the U.S. Southeast. Africa World Press. ISBN 0865431515, p. 78.
^ a b c Watson, John H. (2000), Among the Copts. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 978-1-902210-56-8, p. 56.
^ "Ethiopian Korean War Veterans", Geo cities, Yahoo!, Archived from the original on 26 October 2009 CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link).
^ Nathaniel, Ras (2004), 50th Anniversary of His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1-41203702-6, p. 30.
^ "Ethiopia Administrative Change and the 1955 Constitution". Country studies. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Mammo, Tirfe (1999). The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge. The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902049-3, p. 103.
^ Addis Zemen newspaper, 3 October 1947.
^ a b Zewde, Bahru (2001), A History of Modern Ethiopia. Oxford: James Currey. ISBN 0852557868, pp. 220–26.
^ a b Mammo, Tirfe (1999), The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge.The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020493, p. 100.
^ "General Assembly Resolutions 5th Session". United Nations. Retrieved 16 October 2007. 
^ Haile, Semere (1987), "The Origins and Demise of the Ethiopia-Eritrea Federation", Issue: A Journal of Opinion, 15, pp. 9–17.
^ "Ethiopia: New African Union Building and Kwame Statue" (Video) at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 June 2012). Jimma Times. 29 January 2012
^ Brewer, Sam Pope (5 October 1963), Selassie, at U.N., Recalls 1936 Plea to League, The New York Times.
^ "Photo # 84497", Emperor of Ethiopia Addresses General Assembly, New York: United Nations, 4 October 1963 .
^ Wikisource:Selassie's Address to the United Nations
^ "Country ratings and status, FIW 1973-2012" (XLS). Freedom House. 2012. Retrieved 2012-08-22. 
^ "40th anniversary of Hazemo Massacre commemorated". Shabait. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 26 July 2007. 
^ "Eritrean Martyrs' Day". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ Latt, Louise. "Eritrea Re-photographed: Landscape Changes in the Eritrean Highlands 1890-2004" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 4 March 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ "Dates in Eritrean History". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ a b De Waal, p. 58.
^ a b c Dickinson, Daniel, "The last of the Ethiopian emperors", BBC News, Addis Ababa, 12 May 2005.
^ De Waal.
^ De Waal (1991b), "3. Rebellion and famine in the north under Haile Selassie", Evil Days (PDF), p. 58, n. 7 ; from .[129]
^ "The Unknown Famine in Ethiopia 1973". BBC. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (28 July 2002). "Jonathan Dimbleby and the hidden famine". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Eldridge, John Eric Thomas (1993), Getting the Message: News, Truth and Power. Psychology Press. ISBN 0-41507983-7, p. 26.
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998). "Feeding on Ethiopia's famine". The Independent. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ De Waal, p. 61.
^ Woodward, Peter (2003), The Horn of Africa: Politics and International Relations. I. B. Tauris. ISBN 1-86064870-3, p. 175.
^ Kumar, Krishna (1998). Postconflict Elections, Democratization, and International Assistance. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587778-8, p. 114.
^ "Government and Politics", Ethiopia (country study), Mongabay, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ a b c Launhardt, Johannes (2005). Evangelicals in Addis Ababa (1919–1991). LIT Verlag. ISBN 3-82587791-4, pp. 239–40.
^ a b Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs, ISBN 1-58648398-6, p. 216.
^ Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, 1978. ISBN 0-679-72203-3.
^ a b Shinn, p. 44.
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia Dies at 83". The New York Times. 28 August 1975. Retrieved 21 July 2007. Haile Selassie, the last emperor in the 3,000-year-old Ethiopian monarchy, who ruled for half a century before he was deposed in a military coup last September, died yesterday in a small apartment in his former palace. He was 83 years old. His death was played down by the military rulers who succeeded him in Addis Ababa, who announced it in a normally scheduled radio newscast there at 7 am They said that he had been found dead in his bed by a servant, and that the cause of death was probably related to the effects of a prostate operation Haile Selassie underwent two months ago. 
^ a b "An Imperial Burial for Haile Selassie, 25 Years After Death", The New York Times, 6 November 2000.
^ Ottaway, Marina, and David Ottaway (1978), Ethiopia: Empire in Revolution. New York: Africana. ISBN 0-84190363-8, p. 109, n. 22.
^ "Ethiopians Celebrate a Mass for Exhumed Haile Selassie", The New York Times, 1 March 1992.
^ a b Lorch, Donatella (31 December 1995). "Ethiopia Deals With Legacy of Kings and Colonels". The New York Times.
^ Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19803060-6, p. 55.
^ "Granddaughter Esther Selassie's website genealogy". Afronord.tripod.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Mockler, p. xxvii.
^ "Rastafarian beliefs". BBC. 9 October 2009. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "The African Diaspora, Ethiopianism, and Rastafari". Smithsonian education. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie King of Kings, Conquering Lion of the tribe of Judah". Debate.uvm.edu. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie". Ethiopian History. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Owens, Joseph (1974), Dread, The Rastafarians of Jamaica. ISBN 0-435-98650-3.
^ "The Re-evolution of Rastafari". Rastafari speaks. 20 January 2003. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. pp. 118–. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Christopher John Farley, Before the Legend: The Rise of Bob Marley, p. 145.
^ David Katz, People Funny Boy (Lee Perry biography), p. 41.
^ Murrell, p. 64.
^ David Howard, Kingston: A Cultural and Literary History, p. 176.
^ "The State Visit of Emperor Haile Selassie I". Jamaica-gleaner.com. Archived from the original on 9 December 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Commemorating The Royal Visit by Ijahnya Christian", The Anguillian Newspaper, 22 April 2005.
^ White, pp. 15, 210, 211.
^ Bogues, Anthony (2003), Black Heretics, Black Prophets: Radical Political Intellectuals. Psychology Press. ISBN 0415943256, p. 189.
^ Bradley, Lloyd (2001), This Is Reggae Music: The Story of Jamaica's Music. Grove Press. ISBN 0802138284, pp. 192–93.
^ a b c Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0198030606. p. 86.
^ a b Habekost, Christian (1993), Verbal Riddim: The Politics and Aesthetics of African-Caribbean Dub Poetry. Rodopi. ISBN 9051835493, p. 83.
^ a b O'Brien Chang, Kevin; Chen, Wayne (1998). Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music. Temple University Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-1-56639-629-5. 
^ "African Crossroads – Spiritual Kinsmen" at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 January 2008) Dr. Ikael Tafari, The Daily Nation, 24 December 2007.
^ White, p. 211.
^ Funk, Jerry (2007), Life Is an Excellent Adventure. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1412215005, p. 149.
^ Marley, Rita (2004). No Woman No Cry: My Life with Bob Marley. Hyperion. p. 43. ISBN 978-0-7868-6867-4. 
^ "Bob Marley the Devoted Rastafarian!". Rasta-man-vibration.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Spencer, William David (1998). Dread Jesus. SPCK Publishing. p. 44. ISBN 978-0-28105101-4. 
^ Hood, Robert Earl (January 1990). Must God Remain Greek?: Afro Cultures and God-talk. Fortress Press. pp. 93–. ISBN 978-0-8006-2449-1. 
^ "Ethiopians in D.C. Region Mourn Archbishop's Death". The Washington Post. 13 January 2006. 
^ "Bob Marley Anniversary Spotlights Rasta Religion". National Geographic. 28 October 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie I – God of the Black race". BBC. 
^ Nettleford, Rex (1970), Mirror, Mirror: Identity, Race and Protest in Jamaica, William Collins and Sangster Ltd, Jamaica.
^ "The History and Location of the Shashamane Settlement Community Development Foundation, Inc., USA". Shashamane. Archived from the original on 25 May 2011. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "'Man of the Millennium' - Message from the Director". Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ a b c d e Copley, Gregory R. Ethiopia Reaches Her Hand Unto God: Imperial Ethiopia's Unique Symbols, Structures and Role in the Modern World. Published by Defense & Foreign Affairs, part of the International Strategic Studies Association, 1998. ISBN 1892998009. p.17
^ Religious, Traditional & Ceremonial. The Official Website of The Crown Council of Ethiopia. The Crown Council of Ethiopia. Retrieved 13 August 2014.
^ "Haile Selassie I", Military William Order (in Dutch), Defence, retrieved 9 March 2016 .
^ "Đilas podržao predlog". RS: Blic. Archived from the original on 21 December 2008. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Abbott, Elizabeth (1988), Haiti: An insider's history of the rise and fall of the Duvaliers. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-67168620-8, p. 139.
^ Boletín Oficial del Estado
^ Badraie. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Odluka o proglašenju Njegovog Carskog Veličanstva Cara Etiopije Haila Selasija Prvog za počasnog građanina SFRJ ("Službeni list SFRJ"), br. 33/72 319–655
^ "Shoa 6". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ The London Gazette, Issue: 43567 Page: 1235. Retrieved op 17 January 2017.


Bibliography[edit]

Marcus, Harold G. (1994). A History of Ethiopia. London: University of California Press. p. 316. ISBN 0-520-22479-5. 
Mockler, Anthony (2003). Haile Selassie's War. Signal Books. ISBN 1-90266953-3. 
Murrell, Nathaniel Samuel; Spencer, William David; McFarlane, Adrian Anthony (1998). Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader. Temple University Press. ISBN 1-56639584-4. 
Roberts, Andrew Dunlop (1986). The Cambridge History of Africa: From 1905 to 1940. 7. Cambridge: Press Sindicate of the University of Cambridge. ISBN 0-52122505-1. 
Safire, William (1997), Lend Me Your Ears: Great Speeches in History, W.W. Norton, ISBN 0-39304005-4 .
Selassie, Haile I (1999), My Life and Ethiopia's Progress: The Autobiography of Emperor Haile Selassie I, translated from Amharic by Edward Ullendorff, New York: Frontline Books, ISBN 0-948390-40-9 .
Shinn, David Hamilton; Ofcansky, Thomas P. (2004). Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. Scarecrow Press. ISBN 0-81086566-1. 
"Distressed Negus". Time Magazine. 15 November 1937. Retrieved 19 January 2010. 
De Waal, Alexander (1991). Evil Days: Thirty Years of War and Famine in Ethiopia (PDF). Human Rights Watch. ISBN 1-56432038-3. 
White, Timothy (2006). Catch a Fire: The Life of Bob Marley. Henry Holt & Co. ISBN 0-80508086-4. 

Further reading[edit]

Henze, Paul B (2000), ""The Rise of Haile Selassie: Time of Troubles, Regent, Emperor, Exile" and "Ethiopia in the Modern World: Haile Selassie from Triumph to Tragedy"", Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia, New York: Palgrave, ISBN 0-312-22719-1 .
Kapuściński, Ryszard (1978), The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, ISBN 0-679-72203-3 .
Haile Selassie I: Ethiopia's Lion of Judah, 1979, ISBN 0-88229-342-7
Haile Selassie's war: the Italian-Ethiopian Campaign, 1935–1941, 1984, ISBN 0-394-54222-3
Haile Selassie, western education, and political revolution in Ethiopia, 2006, ISBN 978-1-934043-20-2
King of Kings: the triumph and tragedy of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia, 2015, ISBN 978-1-910376-14-0
Mosley, Leonard, Haile Selassie: The Conquering Lion. Prentice Hall 1965 LCCN 65-11882 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Haile Selassie I.





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Haile Selassie



Ethiopian Treasures – Emperor Haile Selassie I
Imperial Crown Council of Ethiopia
Speech to the League of Nations, June 1936 (full text)
Rare and Unseen: Haile Selassie – slideshow by Life magazine
Marcus Garvey's prophecy of Haile Selassie I as the returned messiah
Haile Selassie I and the Italo-Ethiopian war
Haile Selassie I, the Later Years
A critical look at the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia
BBC article, memories of his personal servant
"His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia visits Jamaica", Watch News Reel (video), Google, 21 April 1966 
Ba Beta Kristiyan Haile Selassie I  – The Church of Haile Selassie I
Haile Selassie I Speaks -Text & Audio-
Collection by Martin Rikli in 1935–1936, including photos of Haile Selassie, open access through the University of Florida Digital Collections
The Emperor's Clothes
A History of Ethiopia




Haile Selassie
House of Solomon
Born: 23 July 1892 Died: 27 August 1975


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Zewditu I
Emperor of Ethiopia
2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974
Monarchy abolished


Titles in pretence


Loss of title
Communist take-over

— TITULAR —
Emperor of Ethiopia
12 September 1974 – 27 August 1975
Succeeded by
Crown Prince Amha Selassie








v
t
e


Emperors of Ethiopia (1270–1974)




Family tree



Solomonic dynasty



Yekuno Amlak
Yagbe'u Seyon (Salomon I)
Senfa Ared IV
Hezba Asgad
Qedma Asgad
Jin Asgad
Saba Asgad
Wedem Arad
Amda Seyon I
Newaya Krestos
Newaya Maryam
Dawit I
Tewodros I
Yeshaq I
Andreyas
Takla Maryam
Sarwe Iyasus
Amda Iyasus
Zara Yaqob (Kwestantinos I)
Baeda Maryam I
Eskender (Kwestantinos II)
Amda Seyon II
Na'od
Dawit II
Gelawdewos
Menas
Sarsa Dengel
Yaqob
Za Dengel
Yaqob
Susenyos I
Fasilides
Yohannes I
Iyasu the Great
Tekle Haymanot I
Tewoflos
Yostos
Dawit III
Bakaffa
Iyasu II





Age of the Princes



Iyoas I
Yohannes II
Tekle Haymanot II
Susenyos II
Tekle Haymanot II
Salomon II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Iyasu III
Tekle Giyorgis I
Hezqeyas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Baeda Maryam II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Yonas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Demetros
Tekle Giyorgis I
Demetros
Egwale Seyon
Iyoas II
Gigar
Baeda Maryam III
Gigar
Iyasu IV
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel





Tewodros dynasty



Tewodros II





Zagwe restoration



Tekle Giyorgis II





Tigray dynasty



Yohannes IV





Solomonic dynasty



Menelik II
Iyasu V
Zewditu I
Haile Selassie I












v
t
e


Chairpersons of the Organisation of African Unity and the African Union



Organisation of African Unity



Selassie
Nasser
Nkrumah
Ankrah
Selassie
Mobutu
Boumedienne
Ahidjo
Kaunda
Daddah
Hassan II
Gowon
Barre
Amin
Ramgoolam
Bongo
Nimeiry
Tolbert
Senghor
Stevens
Moi
Mengistu
Nyerere
Diouf
Nguesso
Kaunda
Traoré
Mubarak
Museveni
Babangida
Diouf
Mubarak
Ben Ali
Meles
Biya
Mugabe
Compaoré
Bouteflika
Eyadéma
Chiluba
Mwanawasa





African Union



Mbeki
Chissano
Obasanjo
Nguesso
Kufuor
Kikwete
Gaddafi
Mutharika
Nguema
Boni
Hailemariam
Abdel Aziz
Mugabe
Déby
Condé












v
t
e


Pan-Africanism



Ideology





Variants




Afrocentrism
African nationalism
African socialism
Black nationalism
Garveyism
Nkrumaism
Sankarism
Uhuru Movement
Zikism






Concepts




African century
Black Power
Négritude
Ubuntu
Ujamaa
United States of Africa








Proponents





Politicians




Nnamdi Azikiwe
Amílcar Cabral
David Comissiong
Muammar Gaddafi
Marcus Garvey
Alieu Ebrima Cham Joof
Kenneth Kaunda
Jomo Kenyatta
Patrice Lumumba
Thabo Mbeki
Robert Mugabe
Abdias do Nascimento
Gamal Abdel Nasser
Kwame Nkrumah
John Nyathi Pokela
Julius Nyerere
Thomas Sankara
Ahmed Sékou Touré
Haile Selassie
Robert Sobukwe
I. T. A. Wallace-Johnson






Others




Marimba Ani
Molefi Kete Asante
Steve Biko
Edward Wilmot Blyden
Stokely Carmichael
John Henrik Clarke
Cheikh Anta Diop
W. E. B. Du Bois
Frantz Fanon
John G. Jackson
Leonard Jeffries
Yosef Ben-Jochannan
Maulana Karenga
Fela Kuti
Malcolm X
Zephania Mothopeng
George Padmore
Motsoko Pheko
Runoko Rashidi
Paul Robeson
Randall Robinson
Walter Rodney
Burning Spear
Henry Sylvester-Williams
Issa Laye Thiaw
Omali Yeshitela








Organizations



African Union
African Unification Front
All-African People's Revolutionary Party
Conseil de l'Entente
Convention People's Party
Economic Freedom Fighters
International African Service Bureau
Organisation of African Unity
Pan Africanist Congress of Azania
Rassemblement Démocratique Africain
UNIA-ACL





Symbols



Black Star of Africa
Lion of Judah
Pan-African colours
Pan-African flag





Related



African philosophy
African-American leftism
Africanization
All-African Peoples' Conference
Kwanzaa
Year of Africa












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year








1927–1950






Charles Lindbergh (1927)
Walter Chrysler (1928)
Owen D. Young (1929)
Mohandas Gandhi (1930)
Pierre Laval (1931)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1932)
Hugh S. Johnson (1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1934)
Haile Selassie (1935)
Wallis Simpson (1936)
Chiang Kai-shek / Soong Mei-ling (1937)
Adolf Hitler (1938)
Joseph Stalin (1939)
Winston Churchill (1940)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1941)
Joseph Stalin (1942)
George Marshall (1943)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1944)
Harry S. Truman (1945)
James F. Byrnes (1946)
George Marshall (1947)
Harry S. Truman (1948)
Winston Churchill (1949)
The American Fighting-Man (1950)













1951–1975






Mohammed Mosaddeq (1951)
Elizabeth II (1952)
Konrad Adenauer (1953)
John Foster Dulles (1954)
Harlow Curtice (1955)
Hungarian Freedom Fighters (1956)
Nikita Khrushchev (1957)
Charles de Gaulle (1958)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1959)
U.S. Scientists: George Beadle / Charles Draper / John Enders / Donald A. Glaser / Joshua Lederberg / Willard Libby / Linus Pauling / Edward Purcell / Isidor Rabi / Emilio Segrè / William Shockley / Edward Teller / Charles Townes / James Van Allen / Robert Woodward (1960)
John F. Kennedy (1961)
Pope John XXIII (1962)
Martin Luther King, Jr. (1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1964)
William Westmoreland (1965)
The Generation Twenty-Five and Under (1966)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1967)
The Apollo 8 Astronauts: William Anders / Frank Borman / Jim Lovell (1968)
The Middle Americans (1969)
Willy Brandt (1970)
Richard Nixon (1971)
Henry Kissinger / Richard Nixon (1972)
John Sirica (1973)
King Faisal (1974)
American Women: Susan Brownmiller / Kathleen Byerly / Alison Cheek / Jill Conway / Betty Ford / Ella Grasso / Carla Hills / Barbara Jordan / Billie Jean King / Susie Sharp / Carol Sutton / Addie Wyatt (1975)













1976–2000






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yasser Arafat / F. W. de Klerk / Nelson Mandela / Yitzhak Rabin (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)













2001–present






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protester (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karwah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)









 Book:Time Persons of the Year







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 66475642
LCCN: n79043431
ISNI: 0000 0001 0910 2298
GND: 118700758
SELIBR: 319456
SUDOC: 027764656
BNF: cb11973730w (data)
NLA: 35677375
NDL: 00620780
NKC: jo2007416169










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Haile_Selassie&oldid=792503176"					
Categories: Haile Selassie1892 births1975 deathsAfrican Union chairpersonsBurials at Holy Trinity Cathedral (Addis Ababa)Deified peopleEmperors of EthiopiaEthiopian anti-communistsEthiopian Oriental Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian princesGovernments in exile during World War IIInternational opponents of apartheid in South AfricaLeaders ousted by a coupMarshals of the air forceNon-Chalcedonian Christian monarchsOrthodox monarchsAfrican pan-AfricanistsPeople from Addis AbabaRastafari movementRulers of EthiopiaSolomonic dynastyWorld War II political leadersChief Commanders of the Legion of MeritChiefs of the Order of the Golden Heart of KenyaCollars of the Order of the Aztec EagleExtra Knights Companion of the GarterGrand Collars of the Order of SikatunaGrand Collars of the Order of the Southern CrossGrand Commanders of the Order of the Federal RepublicGrand Cordons of the Order of the NileGrand Cordons of the Order of the Queen of ShebaGrand Cordons of the Order of the Seal of SolomonGrand Cordons of the Order of ValourGrand Croix of the Légion d'honneurGrand Crosses of the Order of the Sun of PeruGrand Crosses of the National Order of Honour and MeritGrand Crosses of the Order of Christ (Portugal)Grand Crosses of the Order of the Tower and SwordGrand Crosses Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of GermanyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the BathHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian OrderHonorary Recipients of the Order of the Crown of the RealmKnights Grand Cross of the Military William OrderKnights of Pius IXKnights of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of NassauRecipients of the National Order of VietnamRecipients of the Order of Menelik IIRecipients of the Order of Merit for National FoundationRecipients of the Order of Polonia RestitutaRecipients of the Order of Saints Maurice and LazarusRecipients of the Order of SolomonRecipients of the Order of the Condor of the AndesRecipients of the Order of the Liberator General San MartinRecipients of the Order of the Star of EthiopiaRecipients of the Order of the Star of GhanaRecipients of the Royal Victorian ChainRecipients of Thiri Thudhamma ThingahaPeople of the Second Italo-Ethiopian WarPeople considered avatars by their followersPeople from Oromia RegionRecipients of the Silver World AwardHidden categories: Articles containing Ge'ez-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2012Articles with unsourced statements from August 2016Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownCS1 Dutch-language sources (nl)Pages using infobox royalty with unknown parametersPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Amharic-language textUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from August 2016Articles with unsourced statements from May 2008Articles with unsourced statements from May 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीمصرىМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 22:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Haile Selassie - Wikipedia






















 






Haile Selassie

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ras Tafari Makonnen)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Ras Tafari" redirects here. For the religious movement that worships Haile Selassie, see Rastafari movement.


Haile Selassie I



Haile Selassie I in c.1971



Emperor of Ethiopia (more…)


Reign
2 April 1930 – 12 September 1974


Coronation
2 November 1930


Predecessor
Zewditu


Successor
Asfaw Wossen (Amha Selassie)
as "King of Ethiopia"
(Did not recognise designation as such)


Prime Ministers


See list

Himself
Wolde Tzaddick
Makonnen Endelkachew
Abebe Aregay
Imru Haile Selassie
Aklilu Habte-Wold
Endelkachew Makonnen
Mikael Imru





Regent Plenipotentiary of Ethiopia


Reign
27 September 1916 – 2 April 1930


Predecessor
Ras Bitwoded Tessema Nadew
(Under Iyasu V)


Monarch
Zewditu







Born
Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael
(1892-07-23)23 July 1892
Ejersa Goro, Ethiopian Empire


Died
27 August 1975(1975-08-27) (aged 83)
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Burial
5 November 2000
Holy Trinity Cathedral, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Spouse
Menen Asfaw


Issue
Princess Romanework
Princess Tenagnework
Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
Princess Zenebework
Princess Tsehai
Prince Makonnen
Prince Sahle Selassie


Dynasty
Solomonic (Sahle Selassie branch)


Father
Ras Makonnen Woldemikael


Mother
Yeshimebet Ali


Religion
Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo




Styles of
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Reference style
Amharic: ግርማዊ? girmāwī
His Imperial Majesty


Spoken style
Amharic: ጃንሆይ? djānhoi
Your Imperial Majesty
(lit. "O [esteemed] royal")


Alternative style
Amharic: ጌቶቹ? getochu
Our Lord (familiar)
(lit. "Our master" (pl.))





This article contains Ethiopic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols instead of Ethiopic characters.


Haile Selassie I (Ge'ez: ቀዳማዊ ኃይለ ሥላሴ?, qädamawi haylä səllasé[nb 1]; Amharic pronunciation: [ˈhaɪlɜ sɨˈlːase] ( listen);[nb 2] 23 July 1892 – 27 August 1975), born Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael,[4] was Ethiopia's regent from 1916 to 1930 and emperor from 1930 to 1974. He also served as Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity from 25 May 1963 to 17 July 1964 and 5 November 1966 to 11 September 1967. He was a member of the Solomonic Dynasty.
At the League of Nations in 1936, the emperor condemned the use of chemical weapons by Italy against his people during the Second Italo–Ethiopian War.[5] His internationalist views led to Ethiopia becoming a charter member of the League of Nations, and his political thought and experience in promoting multilateralism and collective security have proved seminal and enduring.[6] His suppression of rebellions among the landed aristocracy (the mesafint), which consistently opposed his reforms, as well as what some critics perceived to be Ethiopia's failure to modernize rapidly enough,[7] earned him criticism among some contemporaries and historians.[8] His regime was also criticized by human rights groups, such as Human Rights Watch, as autocratic and illiberal.[8][9]
Among the Rastafari movement, whose followers are estimated at between two and four million, Haile Selassie is revered as the returned messiah of the Bible, God incarnate.[10][11] Beginning in Jamaica in the 1930s, the Rastafari movement perceives Haile Selassie as a messianic figure who will lead a future golden age of eternal peace, righteousness, and prosperity.[12] Haile Selassie was an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian throughout his life. He is a defining figure in Ethiopian history.[13][14]
Haile Selassie died on 27 August 1975 at the age of 83, following a coup d'état.[15]



Contents


1 Name
2 Biography

2.1 Early life
2.2 Governorship
2.3 Regency

2.3.1 Travel abroad


2.4 King and emperor
2.5 Conflict with Italy

2.5.1 Mobilization
2.5.2 Progress of the war
2.5.3 Exile debate
2.5.4 Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936
2.5.5 Exile


2.6 1940s and 1950s
2.7 Charitable gesture
2.8 1960s
2.9 1970s

2.9.1 Wollo famine
2.9.2 Revolution
2.9.3 Imprisonment
2.9.4 Death and interment




3 Descendants
4 Rastafari messiah

4.1 Question of his divinity


5 Biographical film
6 Quotations
7 Title as emperor
8 Honours

8.1 National orders
8.2 Foreign orders


9 Ancestry
10 Military ranks
11 Popular culture
12 See also
13 Notes

13.1 Footnotes
13.2 Citations


14 Bibliography
15 Further reading
16 External links



Name[edit]




Lij Teferi Makonnen at age 3


Haile Selassie was known as a child as Lij Tafari Makonnen (Amharic ልጅ ተፈሪ መኮንን; lij teferī mekōnnin). Lij is translated as "child", and serves to indicate that a youth is of noble blood. His given name, Tafari, means "one who is respected or feared". Like most Ethiopians, his personal name Tafari is followed by that of his father Makonnen and rarely that of his grandfather Woldemikael. His Ge'ez name Haile Selassie was given to him at his infant baptism and adopted again as part of his regnal name in 1930.
As Governor of Harer, he became known as Ras Teferi Makonnen  listen (help·info). Ras is translated as "head"[16] and is a rank of nobility equivalent to Duke;[17] though it is often rendered in translation as "prince". In 1916, Empress Zewditu I appointed him to the position of Balemulu Silt'an Enderase (Regent Plenipotentiary). In 1928, she granted him the throne of Shoa, elevating his title to Negus or "King".[18]
On 2 November 1930, after the death of Empress Zewditu, Ras Tafari was crowned Negusa Nagast, literally King of Kings, rendered in English as "Emperor".[19] Upon his ascension, he took as his regnal name Haile Selassie I. Haile means in Ge'ez "Power of" and Selassie means trinity—therefore Haile Selassie roughly translates to "Power of the Trinity".[20] Haile Selassie's full title in office was "By the Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I, King of Kings of Ethiopia, Elect of God".[21][nb 3] This title reflects Ethiopian dynastic traditions, which hold that all monarchs must trace their lineage to Menelik I, who was the offspring of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba.[22]
To Ethiopians, Haile Selassie has been known by many names, including Janhoy, Talaqu Meri, and Abba Tekel.[23] The Rastafari movement employs many of these appellations, also referring to him as Jah, Jah Jah, Jah Rastafari, and HIM (the abbreviation of "His Imperial Majesty").[23]
Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]




Ras Makonnen Woldemikael and his son Lij Tafari Makonnen


Haile Selassie's royal line (through his father's mother) originated from the Amhara people,[24] He was born on 23 July 1892, in the village of Ejersa Goro, in the Harar province of Ethiopia. His mother was Woizero ("Lady") Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar, daughter of the renowned Oromo ruler of Wollo province Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar.[25] His maternal grandmother was of Gurage heritage.[26] Tafari's father was Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa, the governor of Harar. Ras Makonnen served as a general in the First Italo–Ethiopian War, playing a key role at the Battle of Adwa;[25] he too was paternally Oromo but maternally Amhara.[26] Haile Selassie was thus able to ascend to the imperial throne through his paternal grandmother, Woizero Tenagnework Sahle Selassie, who was an aunt of Emperor Menelik II and daughter of Negus Sahle Selassie of Shewa. As such, Haile Selassie claimed direct descent from Makeda, the Queen of Sheba, and King Solomon of ancient Israel.[27]
Ras Makonnen arranged for Tafari as well as his first cousin, Imru Haile Selassie, to receive instruction in Harar from Abba Samuel Wolde Kahin, an Ethiopian capuchin monk, and from Dr. Vitalien, a surgeon from Guadeloupe. Tafari was named Dejazmach (literally "commander of the gate", roughly equivalent to "count")[28] at the age of 13, on 1 November 1905.[29] Shortly thereafter, his father Ras Makonnen died at Kulibi, in 1906.[30]
Governorship[edit]




Dejazmatch Tafari, as governor of Harar


Tafari assumed the titular governorship of Selale in 1906, a realm of marginal importance,[31] but one that enabled him to continue his studies.[29] In 1907, he was appointed governor over part of the province of Sidamo. It is alleged that during his late teens, Haile Selassie was married to Woizero Altayech, and that from this union, his daughter Princess Romanework was born.[32]
Following the death of his brother Yelma in 1907, the governorate of Harar was left vacant,[31] and its administration was left to Menelik's loyal general, Dejazmach Balcha Safo. Balcha Safo's administration of Harar was ineffective, and so during the last illness of Menelik II, and the brief reign of Empress Taitu Bitul, Tafari was made governor of Harar in 1910[30] or 1911.[33]
On 3 August, he married Menen Asfaw of Ambassel, niece of heir to the throne Lij Iyasu.
Regency[edit]
The extent to which Tafari Makonnen contributed to the movement that would come to depose Iyasu V has been discussed extensively, particularly in Haile Selassie's own detailed account of the matter. Iyasu V, or Lij Iyasu, was the designated but uncrowned emperor of Ethiopia from 1913 to 1916. Iyasu's reputation for scandalous behavior and a disrespectful attitude towards the nobles at the court of his grandfather, Menelik II,[34] damaged his reputation. Iyasu's flirtation with Islam was considered treasonous among the Ethiopian Orthodox Christian leadership of the empire. On 27 September 1916, Iyasu was deposed.[35]
Contributing to the movement that deposed Iyasu were conservatives such as Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis, Menelik II's longtime Minister of War. The movement to depose Iyasu preferred Tafari, as he attracted support from both progressive and conservative factions. Ultimately, Iyasu was deposed on the grounds of conversion to Islam.[16][35] In his place, the daughter of Menelik II (the aunt of Iyasu) was named Empress Zewditu, while Tafari was elevated to the rank of Ras and was made heir apparent and Crown Prince. In the power arrangement that followed, Tafari accepted the role of Regent Plenipotentiary (Balemulu 'Inderase)[nb 4] and became the de facto ruler of the Ethiopian Empire (Mangista Ityop'p'ya). Zewditu would govern while Tafari would administer.[36]




Empress Zewditu with one of her trusted priests


While Iyasu had been deposed on 27 September 1916, on 8 October he managed to escape into the Ogaden Desert and his father, Negus Mikael of Wollo, had time to come to his aid.[37] On 27 October, Negus Mikael and his army met an army under Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis loyal to Zewditu and Tafari. During the Battle of Segale, Negus Mikael was defeated and captured. Any chance that Iyasu would regain the throne was ended and he went into hiding. On 11 January 1921, after avoiding capture for about five years, Iyasu was taken into custody by Gugsa Araya Selassie.
On 11 February 1917, the coronation for Zewditu took place. She pledged to rule justly through her Regent, Tafari. While Tafari was the more visible of the two, Zewditu was far from an honorary ruler. Her position required that she arbitrate the claims of competing factions. In other words, she had the last word. Tafari carried the burden of daily administration but, because his position was relatively weak, this was often an exercise in futility for him. Initially his personal army was poorly equipped, his finances were limited, and he had little leverage to withstand the combined influence of the Empress, the Minister of War, or the provincial governors.[37]
During his Regency, the new Crown Prince developed the policy of cautious modernization initiated by Menelik II. Also, during this time, he survived the 1918 flu pandemic, having come down with the illness.[38] He secured Ethiopia's admission to the League of Nations in 1923 by promising to eradicate slavery; each emperor since Tewodros II had issued proclamations to halt slavery,[39] but without effect: the internationally scorned practice persisted well into Haile Selassie's reign with an estimated 2 million slaves in Ethiopia in the early 1930s.[40][41]
Travel abroad[edit]
In 1924, Ras Tafari toured Europe and the Middle East visiting Jerusalem, Alexandria, Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, Stockholm, London, Geneva, and Athens. With him on his tour was a group that included Ras Seyum Mangasha of western Tigray Province; Ras Hailu Tekle Haymanot of Gojjam province; Ras Mulugeta Yeggazu of Illubabor Province; Ras Makonnen Endelkachew; and Blattengeta Heruy Welde Sellase. The primary goal of the trip to Europe was for Ethiopia to gain access to the sea. In Paris, Tafari was to find out from the French Foreign Ministry (Quai d'Orsay) that this goal would not be realized.[42] However, failing this, he and his retinue inspected schools, hospitals, factories, and churches. Although patterning many reforms after European models, Tafari remained wary of European pressure. To guard against economic imperialism, Tafari required that all enterprises have at least partial local ownership.[43] Of his modernization campaign, he remarked, "We need European progress only because we are surrounded by it. That is at once a benefit and a misfortune."[44]
Throughout Ras Tafari's travels in Europe, the Levant, and Egypt, he and his entourage were greeted with enthusiasm and fascination. He was accompanied by Seyum Mangasha and Hailu Tekle Haymanot who, like Tafari, were sons of generals who contributed to the victorious war against Italy a quarter century earlier at the Battle of Adwa.[45] Another member of his entourage, Mulugeta Yeggazu, actually fought at Adwa as a young man. The "Oriental Dignity" of the Ethiopians[46] and their "rich, picturesque court dress"[47] were sensationalized in the media; among his entourage he even included a pride of lions, which he distributed as gifts to President Alexandre Millerand and Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré of France, to King George V of the United Kingdom, and to the Zoological Garden (Jardin Zoologique) of Paris.[45] As one historian noted, "Rarely can a tour have inspired so many anecdotes".[45] In return for two lions, the United Kingdom presented Ras Tafari with the imperial crown of Emperor Tewodros II for its safe return to Empress Zewditu. The crown had been taken by Robert Napier during the 1868 Expedition to Abyssinia.[48]
In this period, the Crown Prince visited the Armenian monastery of Jerusalem. There, he adopted 40 Armenian orphans (አርባ ልጆች Arba Lijoch, "forty children"), who had lost their parents in Ottoman massacres. Ras Tafari arranged for the musical education of the youths, and they came to form the imperial brass band.[49]
King and emperor[edit]
See also: Modernisation of Ethiopia under Haile Selassie I
In 1928, the authority of Ras Tafari Makonnen was challenged when Dejazmatch Balcha Safo went to Addis Ababa with a sizeable armed force. When Tafari consolidated his hold over the provinces, many of Menelik's appointees refused to abide by the new regulations. Balcha Safo, the governor (Shum) of coffee-rich Sidamo Province, was particularly troublesome. The revenues he remitted to the central government did not reflect the accrued profits and Tafari recalled him to Addis Ababa. The old man came in high dudgeon and, insultingly, with a large army.[nb 5] The Dejazmatch paid homage to Empress Zewditu, but snubbed Ras Tafari.[50][51] On 18 February, while Balcha Safo and his personal bodyguard[nb 6] were in Addis Ababa, Ras Tafari had Ras Kassa Haile Darge buy off his army and arranged to have him displaced as the Shum of Sidamo Province[52] by Birru Wolde Gabriel who himself was replaced by Desta Damtew.[37]




Cover of Time magazine, 3 November 1930


Even so, the gesture of Balcha Safo empowered Empress Zewditu politically and she attempted to have Tafari tried for treason. He was tried for his benevolent dealings with Italy including a 20-year peace accord which was signed on 2 August.[29] In September, a group of palace reactionaries including some courtiers of the empress, made a final bid to get rid of Tafari. The attempted coup d'état was tragic in its origins and comic in its end. When confronted by Tafari and a company of his troops, the ringleaders of the coup took refuge on the palace grounds in Menelik's mausoleum. Tafari and his men surrounded them only to be surrounded themselves by the personal guard of Zewditu. More of Tafari's khaki clad soldiers arrived and, with superiority of arms, decided the outcome in his favor.[53] Popular support, as well as the support of the police,[50] remained with Tafari. Ultimately, the Empress relented and, on 7 October 1928, she crowned Tafari as Negus (Amharic: "King").
The crowning of Tafari as King was controversial. He occupied the same territory as the empress rather than going off to a regional kingdom of the empire. Two monarchs, even with one being the vassal and the other the emperor (in this case empress), had never occupied the same location as their seat in Ethiopian history. Conservatives agitated to redress this perceived insult to the dignity of the crown, leading to the rebellion of Ras Gugsa Welle. Gugsa Welle was the husband of the empress and the Shum of Begemder Province. In early 1930, he raised an army and marched it from his governorate at Gondar towards Addis Ababa. On 31 March 1930, Gugsa Welle was met by forces loyal to Negus Tafari and was defeated at the Battle of Anchem. Gugsa Welle was killed in action.[54] News of Gugsa Welle's defeat and death had hardly spread through Addis Ababa when the empress died suddenly on 2 April 1930. Although it was long rumored that the empress was poisoned upon the defeat of her husband,[55] or alternately that she died from shock upon hearing of the death of her estranged yet beloved husband,[56] it has since been documented that the Empress succumbed to a flu-like fever and complications from diabetes.[57]
With the passing of Zewditu, Tafari himself rose to emperor and was proclaimed Neguse Negest ze-'Ityopp'ya, "King of Kings of Ethiopia". He was crowned on 2 November 1930, at Addis Ababa's Cathedral of St. George. The coronation was by all accounts "a most splendid affair",[58] and it was attended by royals and dignitaries from all over the world. Among those in attendance were George V's son the Duke of Gloucester, Marshal Franchet d'Esperey of France, and the Prince of Udine representing the King of Italy. Emissaries from the United States,[59] Egypt, Turkey, Sweden, Belgium, and Japan were also present.[58] British author Evelyn Waugh was also present, penning a contemporary report on the event, and American travel lecturer Burton Holmes shot the only known film footage of the event.[60] One newspaper report suggested that the celebration may have incurred a cost in excess of $3,000,000.[61] Many of those in attendance received lavish gifts;[62] in one instance, the Christian emperor even sent a gold-encased Bible to an American bishop who had not attended the coronation, but who had dedicated a prayer to the emperor on the day of the coronation.[63]
Haile Selassie introduced Ethiopia's first written constitution on 16 July 1931,[64] providing for a bicameral legislature.[65] The constitution kept power in the hands of the nobility, but it did establish democratic standards among the nobility, envisaging a transition to democratic rule: it would prevail "until the people are in a position to elect themselves."[66] The constitution limited the succession to the throne to the descendants of Haile Selassie, a point that met with the disapprobation of other dynastic princes, including the princes of Tigrai and even the emperor's loyal cousin, Ras Kassa Haile Darge.
In 1932, the Sultanate of Jimma was formally absorbed into Ethiopia following the death of Sultan Abba Jifar II of Jimma.
Conflict with Italy[edit]
See also: Abyssinia Crisis and Second Italo-Abyssinian War
Ethiopia became the target of renewed Italian imperialist designs in the 1930s. Benito Mussolini's Fascist regime was keen to avenge the military defeats Italy had suffered to Ethiopia in the First Italo-Abyssinian War, and to efface the failed attempt by "liberal" Italy to conquer the country, as epitomised by the defeat at Adwa.[67][68][69] A conquest of Ethiopia could also empower the cause of fascism and embolden its rhetoric of empire.[69] Ethiopia would also provide a bridge between Italy's Eritrean and Italian Somaliland possessions. Ethiopia's position in the League of Nations did not dissuade the Italians from invading in 1935; the "collective security" envisaged by the League proved useless, and a scandal erupted when the Hoare-Laval Pact revealed that Ethiopia's League allies were scheming to appease Italy.[70]
Mobilization[edit]
Following the 5 December 1934 Italian invasion of Ethiopia at Walwal, Ogeden Province, Haile Selassie joined his northern armies and set up headquarters at Desse in Wollo province. He issued his mobilization order on 3 October 1935:

If you withhold from your country Ethiopia the death from cough or head-cold of which you would otherwise die, refusing to resist (in your district, in your patrimony, and in your home) our enemy who is coming from a distant country to attack us, and if you persist in not shedding your blood, you will be rebuked for it by your Creator and will be cursed by your offspring. Hence, without cooling your heart of accustomed valour, there emerges your decision to fight fiercely, mindful of your history that will last far into the future… If on your march you touch any property inside houses or cattle and crops outside, not even grass, straw, and dung excluded, it is like killing your brother who is dying with you… You, countryman, living at the various access routes, set up a market for the army at the places where it is camping and on the day your district-governor will indicate to you, lest the soldiers campaigning for Ethiopia's liberty should experience difficulty. You will not be charged excise duty, until the end of the campaign, for anything you are marketing at the military camps: I have granted you remission… After you have been ordered to go to war, but are then idly missing from the campaign, and when you are seized by the local chief or by an accuser, you will have punishment inflicted upon your inherited land, your property, and your body; to the accuser I shall grant a third of your property…

On 19 October 1935, Haile Selassie gave more precise orders for his army to his Commander-in-Chief, Ras Kassa:


When you set up tents, it is to be in caves and by trees and in a wood, if the place happens to be adjoining to these―and separated in the various platoons. Tents are to be set up at a distance of 30 cubits from each other.
When an aeroplane is sighted, one should leave large open roads and wide meadows and march in valleys and trenches and by zigzag routes, along places which have trees and woods.
When an aeroplane comes to drop bombs, it will not suit it to do so unless it comes down to about 100 metres; hence when it flies low for such action, one should fire a volley with a good and very long gun and then quickly disperse. When three or four bullets have hit it, the aeroplane is bound to fall down. But let only those fire who have been ordered to shoot with a weapon that has been selected for such firing, for if everyone shoots who possesses a gun, there is no advantage in this except to waste bullets and to disclose the men's whereabouts.
Lest the aeroplane, when rising again, should detect the whereabouts of those who are dispersed, it is well to remain cautiously scattered as long as it is still fairly close. In time of war it suits the enemy to aim his guns at adorned shields, ornaments, silver and gold cloaks, silk shirts and all similar things. Whether one possesses a jacket or not, it is best to wear a narrow-sleeved shirt with faded colours. When we return, with God's help, you can wear your gold and silver decorations then. Now it is time to go and fight. We offer you all these words of advice in the hope that no great harm should befall you through lack of caution. At the same time, We are glad to assure you that in time of war We are ready to shed Our blood in your midst for the sake of Ethiopia's freedom…"[71]


Compared to the Ethiopians, the Italians had an advanced, modern military which included a large air force. The Italians would also come to employ chemical weapons extensively throughout the conflict, even targeting Red Cross field hospitals in violation of the Geneva Conventions.[72]
Progress of the war[edit]
Starting in early October 1935, the Italians invaded Ethiopia. But, by November, the pace of invasion had slowed appreciably and Haile Selassie's northern armies were able to launch what was known as the "Christmas Offensive". During this offensive, the Italians were forced back in places and put on the defensive. In early 1936, the First Battle of Tembien stopped the progress of the Ethiopian offensive and the Italians were ready to continue their offensive. Following the defeat and destruction of the northern Ethiopian armies at the Battle of Amba Aradam, the Second Battle of Tembien, and the Battle of Shire, Haile Selassie took the field with the last Ethiopian army on the northern front. On 31 March 1936, he launched a counterattack against the Italians himself at the Battle of Maychew in southern Tigray. The emperor's army was defeated and retreated in disarray. As Haile Selassie's army withdrew, the Italians attacked from the air along with rebellious Raya and Azebo tribesmen on the ground, who were armed and paid by the Italians.[73]




When the struggle to resist Italy appeared doomed, Haile Selassie traveled to the rock-hewn churches of Lalibela for fasting and prayer.[74]


Haile Selassie made a solitary pilgrimage to the churches at Lalibela, at considerable risk of capture, before returning to his capital.[75] After a stormy session of the council of state, it was agreed that because Addis Ababa could not be defended, the government would relocate to the southern town of Gore, and that in the interest of preserving the Imperial house, the emperor's wife Menen Asfaw and the rest of the imperial family should immediately depart for French Somaliland, and from there continue on to Jerusalem.
Exile debate[edit]




The emperor arrives in Jerusalem. May 1936


After further debate as to whether Haile Selassie should go to Gore or accompany his family into exile, it was agreed that he should leave Ethiopia with his family and present the case of Ethiopia to the League of Nations at Geneva. The decision was not unanimous and several participants, including the nobleman Blatta Tekle Wolde Hawariat, strenuously objected to the idea of an Ethiopian monarch fleeing before an invading force.[76] Haile Selassie appointed his cousin Ras Imru Haile Selassie as Prince Regent in his absence, departing with his family for French Somaliland on 2 May 1936.
On 5 May, Marshal Pietro Badoglio led Italian troops into Addis Ababa, and Mussolini declared Ethiopia an Italian province. Victor Emanuel III was proclaimed as the new Emperor of Ethiopia. On the previous day, the Ethiopian exiles had left French Somaliland aboard the British cruiser HMS Enterprise. They were bound for Jerusalem in the British Mandate of Palestine, where the Ethiopian royal family maintained a residence. The Imperial family disembarked at Haifa and then went on to Jerusalem. Once there, Haile Selassie and his retinue prepared to make their case at Geneva. The choice of Jerusalem was highly symbolic, since the Solomonic Dynasty claimed descent from the House of David. Leaving the Holy Land, Haile Selassie and his entourage sailed aboard the British cruiser HMS Capetown for Gibraltar, where he stayed at the Rock Hotel. From Gibraltar, the exiles were transferred to an ordinary liner. By doing this, the government of the United Kingdom was spared the expense of a state reception.[77]
Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936[edit]
Mussolini, upon invading Ethiopia, had promptly declared his own "Italian Empire"; because the League of Nations afforded Haile Selassie the opportunity to address the assembly, Italy even withdrew its League delegation, on 12 May 1936.[78] It was in this context that Haile Selassie walked into the hall of the League of Nations, introduced by the President of the Assembly as "His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of Ethiopia" (Sa Majesté Imperiale, l'Empereur d'Ethiopie). The introduction caused a great many Italian journalists in the galleries to erupt into jeering, heckling, and whistling. As it turned out, they had earlier been issued whistles by Mussolini's son-in-law, Count Galeazzo Ciano.[79] The Romanian delegate, Nicolae Titulescu, famously jumped to his feet in response and cried "Show the savages the door!", and they were cleared out. Haile Selassie waited calmly for the hall to be cleared, and responded "majestically"[80] with a speech sometimes considered[by whom?] among the most stirring of the 20th century.[5]
Although fluent in French, the working language of the League, Haile Selassie chose to deliver his historic speech in his native Amharic. He asserted that, because his "confidence in the League was absolute", his people were now being slaughtered. He pointed out that the same European states that found in Ethiopia's favor at the League of Nations were refusing Ethiopia credit and matériel while aiding Italy, which was employing chemical weapons on military and civilian targets alike.

It was at the time when the operations for the encircling of Makale were taking place that the Italian command, fearing a rout, followed the procedure which it is now my duty to denounce to the world. Special sprayers were installed on board aircraft so that they could vaporize, over vast areas of territory, a fine, death-dealing rain. Groups of nine, fifteen, eighteen aircraft followed one another so that the fog issuing from them formed a continuous sheet. It was thus that, as from the end of January 1936, soldiers, women, children, cattle, rivers, lakes, and pastures were drenched continually with this deadly rain. In order to kill off systematically all living creatures, in order to more surely poison waters and pastures, the Italian command made its aircraft pass over and over again. That was its chief method of warfare.[81]

Noting that his own "small people of 12 million inhabitants, without arms, without resources" could never withstand an attack by a large power such as Italy, with its 42 million people and "unlimited quantities of the most death-dealing weapons", he contended that all small states were threatened by the aggression, and that all small states were in effect reduced to vassal states in the absence of collective action. He admonished the League that "God and history will remember your judgment."[82]

It is collective security: it is the very existence of the League of Nations. It is the confidence that each State is to place in international treaties… In a word, it is international morality that is at stake. Have the signatures appended to a Treaty value only in so far as the signatory Powers have a personal, direct and immediate interest involved?

The speech made the emperor an icon for anti-fascists around the world, and Time named him "Man of the Year".[83] He failed, however, to get what he most needed: the League agreed to only partial and ineffective sanctions on Italy. Only six nations in 1937 did not recognize Italy's occupation; they were China, New Zealand, the Soviet Union, the Republic of Spain, Mexico and the United States.[68]
Exile[edit]




Haile Selassie in 1942


Haile Selassie spent his exile years (1936–41) in Bath, England, in Fairfield House, which he bought. The emperor and Kassa Haile Darge took morning walks together behind the high walls of the 14-room Georgian house. Haile Selassie's favorite reading was "diplomatic history." But most of his serious hours were occupied with the 90,000-word story of his life that he was laboriously writing in Amharic.[84]
Prior to Fairfield House, he briefly stayed at Warne's Hotel in Worthing[85] and in Parkside, Wimbledon.[86] A bust of Haile Selassie is in nearby Cannizaro Park to commemorate this time and is a popular place of pilgrimage for London's Rastafari community. Haile Selassie stayed at the Abbey Hotel in Malvern in the 1930s and his granddaughters and daughters of court officials were educated at Clarendon School in North Malvern. During his time in Malvern he attended services at Holy Trinity Church, in Link Top. A blue plaque, commemorating his stay in Malvern, was unveiled on Saturday, 25 June 2011. As part of the ceremony, a delegation from the Rastafari movement gave a short address and a drum recital.[87][88][89][90][91]
Haile Selassie's activity in this period was focused on countering Italian propaganda as to the state of Ethiopian resistance and the legality of the occupation.[92] He spoke out against the desecration of houses of worship and historical artifacts (including the theft of a 1,600-year-old imperial obelisk), and condemned the atrocities suffered by the Ethiopian civilian population.[93] He continued to plead for League intervention and to voice his certainty that "God's judgment will eventually visit the weak and the mighty alike",[94] though his attempts to gain support for the struggle against Italy were largely unsuccessful until Italy entered World War II on the German side in June 1940.[95]
The emperor's pleas for international support did take root in the United States, particularly among African-American organizations sympathetic to the Ethiopian cause.[96] In 1937, Haile Selassie was to give a Christmas Day radio address to the American people to thank his supporters when his taxi was involved in a traffic accident, leaving him with a fractured knee.[97] Rather than canceling the radio appearance, he proceeded in much pain to complete the address, in which he linked Christianity and goodwill with the Covenant of the League of Nations, and asserted that "War is not the only means to stop war":[97]

With the birth of the Son of God, an unprecedented, an unrepeatable, and a long-anticipated phenomenon occurred. He was born in a stable instead of a palace, in a manger instead of a crib. The hearts of the Wise men were struck by fear and wonder due to His Majestic Humbleness. The kings prostrated themselves before Him and worshipped Him. 'Peace be to those who have good will'. This became the first message.
...Although the toils of wise people may earn them respect, it is a fact of life that the spirit of the wicked continues to cast its shadow on this world. The arrogant are seen visibly leading their people into crime and destruction. The laws of the League of Nations are constantly violated and wars and acts of aggression repeatedly take place… So that the spirit of the cursed will not gain predominance over the human race whom Christ redeemed with his blood, all peace-loving people should cooperate to stand firm in order to preserve and promote lawfulness and peace.[97]

During this period, Haile Selassie suffered several personal tragedies. His two sons-in-law, Ras Desta Damtew and Dejazmach Beyene Merid, were both executed by the Italians.[94] The emperor's daughter, Princess Romanework, wife of Dejazmach Beyene Merid, was herself taken into captivity with her children, and she died in Italy in 1941.[98] His daughter Tsehai died during childbirth shortly after the restoration in 1942.[99]
After his return to Ethiopia, he donated Fairfield House to the city of Bath as a residence for the aged, until modified in the 1990s where it is now used as a day care centre.[100] Advanced negotiations are progressing for a community group to run the House to preserve and develop the House.
1940s and 1950s[edit]




Newspaper illustration drawn by Charles H. Alston for the U.S. Office of War Information Domestic Operations Branch News Bureau, 1943






Meeting with Crown Prince Akihito in 1955






Plaque commemorating the visit of Haile Selassie I to Mexico, 1954 - Etiopía Station, line 3 of the Mexico City Metro


British forces, which consisted primarily of Ethiopian-backed African and South African colonial troops under the "Gideon Force" of Colonel Orde Wingate, coordinated the military effort to liberate Ethiopia. The emperor himself issued several imperial proclamations in this period, demonstrating that, while authority was not divided up in any formal way, British military might and the emperor's populist appeal could be joined in the concerted effort to liberate Ethiopia.[95]
On 18 January 1941, during the East African Campaign, Haile Selassie crossed the border between Sudan and Ethiopia near the village of Um Iddla. The standard of the Lion of Judah was raised again. Two days later, he and a force of Ethiopian patriots joined Gideon Force which was already in Ethiopia and preparing the way.[101] Italy was defeated by a force of the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth of Nations, Free France, Free Belgium, and Ethiopian patriots. On 5 May 1941, Haile Selassie entered Addis Ababa and personally addressed the Ethiopian people, five years to the day since his 1936 exile:

Today is the day on which we defeated our enemy. Therefore, when we say let us rejoice with our hearts, let not our rejoicing be in any other way but in the spirit of Christ. Do not return evil for evil. Do not indulge in the atrocities which the enemy has been practicing in his usual way, even to the last.
Take care not to spoil the good name of Ethiopia by acts which are worthy of the enemy. We shall see that our enemies are disarmed and sent out the same way they came. As Saint George who killed the dragon is the Patron Saint of our army as well as of our allies, let us unite with our allies in everlasting friendship and amity in order to be able to stand against the godless and cruel dragon which has newly risen and which is oppressing mankind.[102]

On 27 August 1942, Haile Selassie abolished the legal basis of slavery throughout the empire and imposed severe penalties, including death, for slave trading.[103] After World War II, Ethiopia became a charter member of the United Nations. In 1948, the Ogaden, a region disputed with Somalia, was granted to Ethiopia.[104] On 2 December 1950, the UN General Assembly adopted Resolution 390 (V), establishing the federation of Eritrea (the former Italian colony) into Ethiopia.[105] Eritrea was to have its own constitution, which would provide for ethnic, linguistic, and cultural balance, while Ethiopia was to manage its finances, defense, and foreign policy.[105]
Despite his centralization policies that had been made before World War II, Haile Selassie still found himself unable to push for all the programs he wanted. In 1942, he attempted to institute a progressive tax scheme, but this failed due to opposition from the nobility, and only a flat tax was passed; in 1951, he agreed to reduce this as well.[106] Ethiopia was still "semi-feudal",[107] and the emperor's attempts to alter its social and economic form by reforming its modes of taxation met with resistance from the nobility and clergy, which were eager to resume their privileges in the postwar era.[106] Where Haile Selassie actually did succeed in effecting new land taxes, the burdens were often passed by the landowners to the peasants.[106] Despite his wishes, the tax burden remained primarily on the peasants.
Between 1941 and 1959, Haile Selassie worked to establish the autocephaly of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.[108] The Ethiopian Orthodox Church had been headed by the abuna, a bishop who answered to the Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. In 1942 and 1945 Haile Selassie applied to the Holy Synod of the Coptic Orthodox Church to establish the independence of Ethiopian bishops, and when his appeals were denied he threatened to sever relations with the Coptic Church of Alexandria.[108] Finally, in 1959, Pope Kyrillos VI elevated the Abuna to Patriarch-Catholicos.[108] The Ethiopian Church remained affiliated with the Alexandrian Church.[106] In addition to these efforts, Haile Selassie changed the Ethiopian church-state relationship by introducing taxation of church lands, and by restricting the legal privileges of the clergy, who had formerly been tried in their own courts for civil offenses.[106]
In keeping with the principle of collective security, for which he was an outspoken proponent, he sent a contingent under General Mulugueta Bulli, known as the Kagnew Battalion, to take part in the Korean War by supporting the United Nations Command. It was attached to the American 7th Infantry Division, and fought in a number of engagements including the Battle of Pork Chop Hill.[109] In a 1954 speech, the emperor spoke of Ethiopian participation in the Korean War as a redemption of the principles of collective security:

Nearly two decades ago, I personally assumed before history the responsibility of placing the fate of my beloved people on the issue of collective security, for surely, at that time and for the first time in world history, that issue was posed in all its clarity. My searching of conscience convinced me of the rightness of my course and if, after untold sufferings and, indeed, unaided resistance at the time of aggression, we now see the final vindication of that principle in our joint action in Korea, I can only be thankful that God gave me strength to persist in our faith until the moment of its recent glorious vindication.[110]





Haile Selassie, Emperor of Ethiopia, photographed during a radio broadcast


During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955, Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution,[111] whereby he retained effective power, while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body. Party politics were not provided for. Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire, and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization, tempered by Ethiopian traditions, and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state.
Haile Selassie compromised when practical with the traditionalists in the nobility and church. He also tried to improve relations between the state and ethnic groups, and granted autonomy to Afar lands that were difficult to control. Still, his reforms to end feudalism were slow and weakened by the compromises he made with the entrenched aristocracy. The Revised Constitution of 1955 has been criticized for reasserting "the indisputable power of the monarch" and maintaining the relative powerlessness of the peasants.[112]
Charitable gesture[edit]
He sent aid to the British government in 1947 when Britain was affected by heavy flooding. His letter to Lord Meork, National Distress Fund, London said, "even though We are busy of helping our people who didn't recover from the crises of the war, We heard that your fertile and beautiful country is devastated by the unusually heavy rain, and your request for aid. Therefore, We are sending small amount of money, about one thousand pounds through our embassy to show our sympathy and cooperation."[113]
He also left his home in exile, Fairfield House, Bath, to the City of Bath for the use of the Aged in 1959.
1960s[edit]


Haile Selassie








1st & 5th Chairman of the Organization of African Unity


In office
25 May 1963 – 17 July 1964


Succeeded by
Gamal Abdel Nasser


In office
5 November 1966 – 11 September 1967


Preceded by
Joseph Arthur Ankrah


Succeeded by
Joseph-Désiré Mobutu





Haile Selassie contributed Ethiopian troops to the United Nations Operation in the Congo peacekeeping force during the 1960 Congo Crisis, to preserve Congolese integrity, per United Nations Security Council Resolution 143. On 13 December 1960, while Haile Selassie was on a state visit to Brazil, his Imperial Guard forces staged an unsuccessful coup, briefly proclaiming Haile Selassie's eldest son Asfa Wossen as emperor. The coup d'état was crushed by the regular army and police forces. The coup attempt lacked broad popular support, was denounced by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, and was unpopular with the army, air force and police. Nonetheless, the effort to depose the emperor had support among students and the educated classes.[114] The coup attempt has been characterized as a pivotal moment in Ethiopian history, the point at which Ethiopians "for the first time questioned the power of the king to rule without the people's consent".[115] Student populations began to empathize with the peasantry and poor, and to advocate on their behalf.[115] The coup spurred Haile Selassie to accelerate reform, which was manifested in the form of land grants to military and police officials.
The emperor continued to be a staunch ally of the West, while pursuing a firm policy of decolonization in Africa, which was still largely under European colonial rule. The United Nations conducted a lengthy inquiry regarding the status of Eritrea, with the superpowers each vying for a stake in the state's future. Britain, the administrator at the time, suggested the partition of Eritrea between Sudan and Ethiopia, separating Christians and Muslims. The idea was instantly rejected by Eritrean political parties, as well as the UN.
A UN plebiscite voted 46 to 10 to have Eritrea be federated with Ethiopia, which was later stipulated on 2 December 1950 in resolution 390 (V). Eritrea would have its own parliament and administration and would be represented in what had been the Ethiopian parliament and would become the federal parliament.[116] Haile Selassie would have none of European attempts to draft a separate Constitution under which Eritrea would be governed, and wanted his own 1955 Constitution protecting families to apply in both Ethiopia and Eritrea. In 1961 the 30-year Eritrean Struggle for Independence began, followed by Haile Selassie's dissolution of the federation and shutting down of Eritrea's parliament.
In September 1961, Haile Selassie attended the Conference of Heads of State of Government of Non-Aligned Countries in Belgrade, FPR Yugoslavia. This is considered to be the founding conference of the Non-Aligned Movement.
In 1961, tensions between independence-minded Eritreans and Ethiopian forces culminated in the Eritrean War of Independence. The emperor declared Eritrea the fourteenth province of Ethiopia in 1962.[117] The war would continue for 30 years, as first Haile Selassie, then the Soviet-backed junta that succeeded him, attempted to retain Eritrea by force.
In 1963, Haile Selassie presided over the formation of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU), the precursor of the continent-wide African Union (AU). The new organization would establish its headquarters in Addis Ababa. In May of that year, Haile Selassie was elected as the OAU's first official chairperson, a rotating seat. Along with Modibo Keïta of Mali, the Ethiopian leader would later help successfully negotiate the Bamako Accords, which brought an end to the border conflict between Morocco and Algeria. In 1964, Haile Selassie would initiate the concept of the United States of Africa, a proposition later taken up by Muammar Gaddafi.[118]
On 4 October 1963, Haile Selassie addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations[119][120] referring in his address to his earlier speech to the League of Nations:

Twenty-seven years ago, as Emperor of Ethiopia, I mounted the rostrum in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the League of Nations and to appeal for relief from the destruction which had been unleashed against my defenceless nation, by the fascist invader. I spoke then both to and for the conscience of the world. My words went unheeded, but history testifies to the accuracy of the warning that I gave in 1936. Today, I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor. In this body is enshrined the principle of collective security which I unsuccessfully invoked at Geneva. Here, in this Assembly, reposes the best – perhaps the last – hope for the peaceful survival of mankind.[121]

On 25 November 1963, the emperor was among other heads of state, including France's President Charles de Gaulle, who traveled to Washington D.C. and attended the funeral of assassinated President John F. Kennedy.
In 1966, Haile Selassie attempted to create a modern, progressive tax[citation needed] that included registration of land, which would significantly weaken the nobility. Even with alterations, this law led to a revolt in Gojjam, which was repressed although enforcement of the tax was abandoned. The revolt, having achieved its design in undermining the tax, encouraged other landowners to defy Haile Selassie.




Haile Selassie on a state visit to Washington, 1963


While he had fully approved of, and assured Ethiopia's participation in, UN-approved collective security operations, including Korea and Congo, Haile Selassie drew a distinction with the non-UN approved foreign intervention in Indochina, and consistently deplored it as needless suffering, calling for the Vietnam War to end on several occasions. At the same time he remained open toward the United States and commended it for making progress with African Americans' Civil Rights legislation in the 1950s and 1960s, while visiting the US several times during these years.
In 1967, He visited Montreal, Canada to open the Ethiopian Pavilion at the Expo '67 World's Fair where he received great acclaim amongst other World leaders there for the occasion.
Student unrest became a regular feature of Ethiopian life in the 1960s and 1970s. Marxism took root in large segments of the Ethiopian intelligentsia, particularly among those who had studied abroad and had thus been exposed to radical and left-wing sentiments that were becoming popular in other parts of the globe.[114] Resistance by conservative elements at the Imperial Court and Parliament, and by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, made Haile Selassie's land reform proposals difficult to implement, and also damaged the standing of the government, costing Haile Selassie much of the goodwill he had once enjoyed. This bred resentment among the peasant population. Efforts to weaken unions also hurt his image. As these issues began to pile up, Haile Selassie left much of domestic governance to his Prime Minister, Aklilu Habte Wold, and concentrated more on foreign affairs.
1970s[edit]




Haile Selassie I in Toledo (Spain) in April 1971. Picture by Eduardo Butragueño.


Outside of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie continued to enjoy enormous prestige and respect. As the longest-serving head of state in power, he was often given precedence over other leaders at state events, such as the state funerals of John F. Kennedy and Charles de Gaulle, the summits of the Non-Aligned Movement, and the 1971 celebration of the 2,500 years of the Persian Empire. In 1970 he visited Italy as a guest of President Giuseppe Saragat, and in Milan he met Giordano Dell'Amore, President of Italian Savings Banks Association. He visited China in October 1971, and was the first foreign head of state to meet Mao Zedong following the death of Mao's designated successor Lin Biao in a plane crash in Mongolia.
Human rights in Ethiopia under Selassie's regime were poor. Civil liberties and political rights were low with Freedom House giving Ethiopia a "Not Free" score for both civil liberties and political rights in the last years of Selassie's rule.[122] Common human right abuses included imprisonment and torture of political prisoners and very poor prison conditions.[9] The Ethiopian army also carried out a number of these atrocities while fighting the Eritrean separatists. This was due to a policy of destroying Eritrean villages that supported the rebels. There were a number of mass killings of hundreds of civilians during the war in the late 1960s and early '70s.[123][124][125][126]
Wollo famine[edit]
Famine—mostly in Wollo, north-eastern Ethiopia, as well as in some parts of Tigray—is estimated to have killed 40,000 to 80,000 Ethiopians[8][127] between 1972 and 1974. A BBC News report[128] has cited a 1973 estimate that 200,000 deaths occurred, based on a contemporaneous estimate from the Ethiopian Nutrition Institute. While this figure is still repeated in some texts and media sources, it was an estimate that was later found to be "over-pessimistic".[130] Although the region is infamous for recurrent crop failures and continuous food shortage and starvation risk, this episode was remarkably severe. A 1973 production of the ITV programme The Unknown Famine by Jonathan Dimbleby.[131][132] relied on the unverified estimate of 200,000 dead,[128][133] stimulating a massive influx of aid while at the same time destabilizing Haile Selassie's regime.[127] Against that background, a group of dissident army officers instigated a creeping coup against the emperor's faltering regime. To guard against a public backlash in favour of Haile Selassie (who was still widely revered), they contrived to obtain a copy of The Unknown Famine which they intercut with images of Africa's grand old man presiding at a wedding feast in the grounds of his palace. Retitled The Hidden Hunger, it was shown round the clock on Ethiopian television to coincide with the day that they finally summoned the nerve to seize the emperor himself.[134]




The 1973 oil crisis, the severity of which is demonstrated by this graph, hit Ethiopia amidst a devastating famine, compounding its effect and undermining support for the emperor.[112]


Some reports suggest that the emperor was unaware of the extent of the famine,[128] while others assert that he was well aware of it.[135][136] In addition to the exposure of attempts by corrupt local officials to cover up the famine from the imperial government, the Kremlin's depiction of Haile Selassie's Ethiopia as backwards and inept (relative to the purported utopia of Marxism-Leninism) contributed to the popular uprising that led to its downfall and the rise of Mengistu Haile Mariam.[137] The famine and its image in the media undermined popular support of the government, and Haile Selassie's once unassailable personal popularity fell.[138]
The crisis was exacerbated by military mutinies and high oil prices, the latter a result of the 1973 oil crisis. The international economic crisis triggered by the oil crisis caused the costs of imported goods, gasoline, and food to skyrocket, while unemployment spiked.[112]
Revolution[edit]
In February 1974, four days of serious riots in Addis Ababa against a sudden economic inflation left five dead. The emperor responded by announcing on national television a reduction in petrol prices and a freeze on the cost of basic commodities. This calmed the public, but the promised 33% military wage hike was not substantial enough to pacify the army, which then mutinied, beginning in Asmara and spreading throughout the empire. This mutiny led to the resignation of Prime Minister Aklilu Habte-Wold on 27 February 1974.[139] Haile Selassie again went on television to agree to the army's demands for still greater pay, and named Endelkachew Makonnen as his new Prime Minister. Despite Endalkatchew's many concessions, discontent continued in March with a four-day general strike that paralyzed the nation.
Imprisonment[edit]




The deposition of Emperor Haile Selassie I (above rear window) from the Jubilee Palace on 12 September 1974, marking the coup d'état's action on that day and the assumption of power by the Derg.


The Derg, a committee of low-ranking military officers and enlisted men, set up in June to investigate the military's demands, took advantage of the government's disarray to depose Haile Selassie on 12 September 1974. General Aman Mikael Andom, a Protestant of Eritrean origin,[139] served briefly as provisional head of state pending the return of Crown Prince Asfa Wossen, who was then receiving medical treatment abroad. Haile Selassie was placed under house arrest briefly at the 4th Army Division in Addis Ababa,[139] while most of his family was detained at the late Duke of Harar's residence in the north of the capital. The last months of the emperor's life were spent in imprisonment, in the Grand Palace.[140] Reportedly, his mental condition was such that he believed he was still Emperor of Ethiopia.[141]
Later, most of the imperial family was imprisoned in the Addis Ababa prison Kerchele, also known as "Alem Bekagne", or "I've had Enough of This World". On 23 November 1974, sixty former high officials of the imperial government were executed without trial.[142] The executed included Haile Selassie's grandson and two former Prime Ministers.[140] These killings, known to Ethiopians as "Bloody Saturday", were condemned by Crown Prince Asfa Wossen; the Derg responded to his rebuke by revoking its acknowledgment of his imperial legitimacy, and announcing the end of the Solomonic dynasty.[142]
Death and interment[edit]
On 28 August 1975, the state media reported that the "ex-monarch" Haile Selassie had died on 27 August of "respiratory failure" following complications from a prostate examination followed up by a prostate operation.[143] His doctor, Asrat Woldeyes, denied that complications had occurred and rejected the government version of his death.[citation needed] Some imperial loyalists believed that the emperor had in fact been assassinated, and this belief remains widely held to this day.[144] One western correspondent in Ethiopia at the time commented, "While it is not known what actually happened, there are strong indications that no efforts were made to save him. It is unlikely that he was actually killed. Such rumors were bound to arise no matter what happened, given the atmosphere of suspicion and distrust prevailing in Addis Ababa at the time."[145]
The Soviet-backed Derg fell in 1991. In 1992, the emperor's bones were found under a concrete slab on the palace grounds;[144] some reports suggest that his remains were discovered beneath a latrine.[146] For almost a decade thereafter, as Ethiopian courts attempted to sort out the circumstances of his death, his coffin rested in Bhata Church, near his great-uncle Menelik II's resting place.[147] On 5 November 2000, Haile Selassie was given an imperial-style funeral by the Ethiopian Orthodox church. The post-communist government refused calls to declare the ceremony an official imperial funeral.[147]
Although such prominent Rastafari figures as Rita Marley and others participated in the grand funeral, most Rastafari rejected the event and refused to accept that the bones were the remains of Haile Selassie. There remains some debate within the Rastafari movement whether Haile Selassie actually died in 1975.[148]
Descendants[edit]




Prince Makonnen, son of Haile Selassie I.


By Menen Asfaw, Haile Selassie had six children: Princess Tenagnework, Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen, Princess Tsehai, Princess Zenebework, Prince Makonnen, and Prince Sahle Selassie.
There is some controversy as to the motherhood of Haile Selassie's eldest daughter, Princess Romanework. While the living members of the royal family state that Romanework is the eldest daughter of Empress Menen,[149] it has been asserted that Princess Romanework is actually the daughter of a previous union of the emperor with Woizero Altayech.[150] This may be a nickname she used, as nobleman Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos, a contemporary source prominent in both the Imperial Court and the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church names her as Woizero Woinetu Amede. The emperor's own autobiography makes no mention of this previous marriage or having fathered children with anyone other than Empress Menen, although he mentions the death of this daughter in captivity at Turin. Other sources such as Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos mentions Princess Romanework's mother Woizero Woinetu Amede as attending the wedding of her daughter to Dejazmatch Beyene Merid in a first hand account in his book about the years before the Italian occupation.
Prince Asfaw Wossen was first married to Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum and then following their divorce to Princess Medferiashwork Abebe. Prince Makonnen was married to Princess Sara Gizaw. Prince Sahle Selassie was married to Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam. Princess Romanework married Dejazmatch Beyene Merid. Princess Tenagnework first married Ras Desta Damtew, and after she was widowed later married Ras Andargachew Messai. Princess Zenebework married Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Gugsa. Princess Tsehai married Lt. General Abiye Abebe.


Name
Birth
Death
Spouse
Children


Princess Romanework
Circa 1909
14 October 1941
Dejazmatch Beyene Merid
Dejazmatch Merid Beyene
Dejazmatch Samson Beyene
Lij Getachew Beyene
Lij Gideon Beyene


Princess Tenagnework
12 January 1912
6 April 2003
1st Ras Desta Damtew
2nd Ras Andargatchew Messai
Princess Aida Desta
Prince Amha Desta
Princess Seble Desta
Rear Admiral Prince Iskinder Desta
Princess Hirut Desta
Princess Sophia Desta
Emebet Tsige Mariam Abebe Retta
Emebet Mentewab Andargatchew(died in childhood)


Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
27 July 1916
17 February 1997
1st Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum
2nd Princess Medferiashwork Abebe
Princess Ijigayehu
Princess Maryam Senna
Princess Sehin Azebe
Princess Sifrash Bizu
Crown Prince Zera Yacob


Princess Zenebework
25 July 1918
25 March 1933
Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Guglsa



Princess Tsehai
13 October 1919
17 August 1942
Lt. General Abiye Abebe



Prince Makonnen Duke of Harrar
16 October 1923
13 May 1957
Princess Sara Gizaw Duchess of Harrar
Prince Paul Wossen Seged Makonnen Duke of Harrar
Prince Mikael Makonnen
Prince Tefferi Makonnen
Prince Dawit Makonnen (or Makonnen Makonnen)
Prince Beede Mariam Makonnen


Prince Sahle Selassie
27 February 1931
24 April 1962
Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam
Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie


Rastafari messiah[edit]


“
…Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
”


—  Psalms 68:31




Rastafari





Main doctrines







Jah
Ital






Zion
Cannabis use







Central figures







Haile Selassie I
Jesus






Menen Asfaw
Marcus Garvey







Key scriptures







Bible
Kebra Nagast






My Life and Ethiopia's Progress






The Promise Key
Holy Piby




Royal Parchment Scroll
of Black Supremacy





Branches







Mansions
in the U.S.






Bobo Ashanti
Nyabinghi



Twelve Tribes of Israel




Festivals







Shashamane
Grounation Day



Reasoning




Notable individuals




Leonard Howell
Joseph Hibbert
Archibald Dunkley
Mortimer Planno
Vernon Carrington
Charles Edwards
Bob Marley
Peter Tosh




See also







Vocabulary
Persecution






Dreadlocks
Reggae



Roots reggae
Lion of Judah
Ethiopian Christianity
Chalice
Index of Rastafari articles







v
t
e





Today, Haile Selassie is worshipped as God incarnate[151] among followers of the Rastafari movement (taken from Haile Selassie's pre-imperial name Ras—meaning Head, a title equivalent to Duke—Tafari Makonnen), which emerged in Jamaica during the 1930s under the influence of Marcus Garvey's "Pan Africanism" movement. He is viewed as the messiah who will lead the peoples of Africa and the African diaspora to freedom.[152] His official titles are Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah and King of Kings of Ethiopia and Elect of God, and his traditional lineage is thought to be from Solomon and Sheba.[153] These notions are perceived by Rastafari as confirmation of the return of the messiah in the prophetic Book of Revelation in the New Testament: King of Kings, Lord of Lords, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, and Root of David. Rastafari faith in the incarnate divinity of Haile Selassie[154] began after news reports of his coronation reached Jamaica,[155] particularly via the two Time magazine articles on the coronation the week before and the week after the event. Haile Selassie's own perspectives permeate the philosophy of the movement.[155][156]
In 1961, the Jamaican government sent a delegation composed of both Rastafari and non-Rastafari leaders to Ethiopia to discuss the matter of repatriation, among other issues, with the emperor. He reportedly told the Rastafari delegation (which included Mortimer Planno), "Tell the Brethren to be not dismayed, I personally will give my assistance in the matter of repatriation."[157]
Haile Selassie visited Jamaica on 21 April 1966, and approximately one hundred thousand Rastafari from all over Jamaica descended on Palisadoes Airport in Kingston,[155] having heard that the man whom they considered to be their messiah was coming to visit them. Spliffs[158] and chalices[159] were openly[160] smoked, causing "a haze of ganja smoke" to drift through the air.[161][162][163] Haile Selassie arrived at the airport but was unable to come down the mobile steps of the airplane, as the crowd rushed the tarmac. He then returned into the plane, disappearing for several more minutes. Finally, Jamaican authorities were obliged to request Ras Mortimer Planno, a well-known Rasta leader, to climb the steps, enter the plane, and negotiate the emperor's descent.[164] Planno re-emerged and announced to the crowd: "The Emperor has instructed me to tell you to be calm. Step back and let the Emperor land".[165] This day is widely held by scholars to be a major turning point for the movement,[166][167][168] and it is still commemorated by Rastafari as Grounation Day, the anniversary of which is celebrated as the second holiest holiday after 2 November, the emperor's Coronation Day.
From then on, as a result of Planno's actions, the Jamaican authorities were asked to ensure that Rastafari representatives were present at all state functions attended by the emperor,[167][168] and Rastafari elders also ensured that they obtained a private audience with the emperor,[167] where he reportedly told them that they should not emigrate to Ethiopia until they had first liberated the people of Jamaica. This dictum came to be known as "liberation before repatriation".
Haile Selassie defied expectations of the Jamaican authorities[169] and never rebuked the Rastafari for their belief in him as the returned Jesus. Instead, he presented the movement's faithful elders with gold medallions – the only recipients of such an honor on this visit.[170][171] During PNP leader (later Jamaican Prime Minister) Michael Manley's visit to Ethiopia in October 1969, the emperor allegedly still recalled his 1966 reception with amazement, and stated that he felt that he had to be respectful of their beliefs.[172] This was the visit when Manley received the Rod of Correction or Rod of Joshua as a present from the emperor, which is thought to have helped him to win the 1972 election in Jamaica.
Rita Marley, Bob Marley's wife, converted to the Rastafari faith after seeing Haile Selassie on his Jamaican trip. She claimed in interviews (and in her book No Woman, No Cry) that she saw a stigmata print on the palm of Haile Selassie's hand as he waved to the crowd which resembled the markings on Christ's hands from being nailed to the cross—a claim that was not supported by other sources, but was used as evidence for her and other Rastafari to suggest that Haile Selassie I was indeed their messiah.[173] She was also influential in the conversion of Bob Marley, who then became internationally recognized. As a result, Rastafari became much better known throughout much of the world.[174] Bob Marley's posthumously released song "Iron Lion Zion" refers to Haile Selassie.
Question of his divinity[edit]
In a 1967 recorded interview Haile Selassie appeared to deny his alleged divinity. In the interview Bill McNeil says: "there are millions of Christians throughout the world, your Imperial Majesty, who regard you as the reincarnation of Jesus Christ." Selassie replied in his native language:

I have heard of that idea. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I will be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that a human being is emanated from a deity.[175]

For many Rastafari the CBC interview is not interpreted as a denial of his divinity, and according to Robert Earl Hood, Haile Selassie neither denied nor affirmed his divinity either way.[176] In Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music, Kevin Chang and Wayne Chen note

It's often said, though no definite date is ever cited, that Haile Selassie himself denied his divinity. Former senator and Gleaner editor, Hector Wynter, tells of asking him, during his visit to Jamaica in 1966, when he was going to tell Rastafari he was not God. "Who am I to disturb their belief?" replied the emperor.[169]

After his return to Ethiopia, he dispatched Archbishop Abuna Yesehaq Mandefro to the Caribbean to help draw Rastafari and other West Indians to the Ethiopian church and, according to some sources, denied his divinity.[177][178][179][180]
In 1948, Haile Selassie donated a piece of land at Shashamane, 250 km south of Addis Ababa, for the use of people of African descent from the West Indies. Numerous Rastafari families settled there and still live as a community to this day.[181]
Biographical film[edit]
In 2008 a full-length feature film, Man of the Millennium, was produced by an Ethiopian film-maker Tikher Teferra Kidane of Exodus Films, in collaboration with an Alaskan TV station Tanana Valley TV and 4th Avenue Films.[182]
Quotations[edit]

A house built on granite and strong foundations, not even the onslaught of pouring rain, gushing torrents and strong winds will be able to pull down. Some people have written the story of my life representing as truth what in fact derives from ignorance, error or envy; but they cannot shake the truth from its place, even if they attempt to make others believe it.
— Preface to My Life and Ethiopia's Progress, Autobiography of H.I.M. Haile Selassie I (English translation)


That until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned: That until there are no longer first-class and second-class citizens of any nation; That until the color of a man's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes; That until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race; That until that day, the dream of lasting peace and world citizenship and the rule of international morality will remain but a fleeting illusion, to be pursued but never attained and until the ignoble but unhappy regimes that hold our brothers in Angola, in Mozambique, and in South Africa in subhuman bondage have been toppled and destroyed; until bigotry and prejudice and malicious and inhuman self-interest have been replaced by understanding and tolerance and goodwill; until all Africans stand and speak as free human beings, equal in the eyes of the Almighty; until that day, the African continent shall not know peace. We Africans will fight if necessary and we know that we shall win as we are confident in the victory of good over evil.
— English translation of 1963 Speech delivered to the United Nations and popularized in a song called "War" by Bob Marley.


Our attitude to the Somalis who belong to the same race as the Ethiopian people and share with them a common history, has always been crystal clear.
— April 5, 1958 Interview with BBC


Apart from the Kingdom of the Lord there is not on this earth any nation that is superior to any other. Should it happen that a strong Government finds it may with impunity destroy a weak people, then the hour strikes for that weak people to appeal to the League of Nations to give its judgment in all freedom. God and history will remember your judgment.
— Address to the League of Nations, 1936.


We have finished the job. What shall we do with the tools?
— Telegram to Winston Churchill, 1941.


Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted; the indifference of those who should have known better; the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most; that has made it possible for evil to triumph.


Today I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor.
— In a speech to the United Nations.


Misguided people sometimes create misguided ideas. Some of my ancestors were Oromo. How can I colonize myself?
— in response to accusations by dissidents


I have heard of that idea [i.e., of Haile Selassie being the reincarnation of Jesus Christ]. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I would be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that the human being is emanated from a deity."
— Interview with Bill McNeil.


A qualified man with vision, unmoved by daily selfish interests, will be led to right decisions by his conscience. In general, a man who knows from whence he comes and where he is going will co-operate with his fellow human beings. He will not be satisfied with merely doing his ordinary duties but will inspire others by his good example. You are being watched by the nation and you should realize that you will satisfy it if you do good; but if, on the contrary, you do evil, it will lose its hope and its confidence in you."
— 2 July 1963 – University Graduation

Title as emperor[edit]

2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974: His Imperial Majesty the King of Kings of Ethiopia, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, Elect of God.

Honours[edit]
National orders[edit]

 Chief Commander of the Order of the Star of Ethiopia (1909)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Solomon (1930)[184]
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Seal of Solomon[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Queen of Sheba[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Holy Trinity (Ethiopia)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Menelik II[183]

Foreign orders[edit]


 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) (United Kingdom, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown of Italy (Kingdom of Italy, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus (Kingdom of Italy, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Redeemer (Kingdom of Greece, 19 August 1924)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (Belgium, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau (Luxembourg, 25 May 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Legion d'Honneur (France, 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Tower and Sword (Portugal, 1925)
 Knight of the Order of the Most Holy Annunciation (Kingdom of Italy, 1928)
 Royal Victorian Chain (United Kingdom, 1930)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1930)
 Collar of the Order of Muhammad Ali (Kingdom of Egypt, 1930)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion (Netherlands, 1930)
 Knight of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland, 1930)
 Croix de guerre 1939–1945 with a bronze palm (France, 1945)
 Chief Commander of the Legion of Merit (USA, 1945)
 Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of St. Olav (Norway, 1949)
 Yugoslav Great Star (Yugoslavia, 1954)
 Medal of Military Merit 1st Class (Kingdom of Greece, 28 October 1954)
 Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany, 1954)
 Military Medal (France, 1954)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Military William Order (Netherlands, 3 November 1954)[185]
 Honorary Knight of the Order of the Garter (KG) (United Kingdom, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Elephant (RE) (Denmark, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Seraphim (RSerafO) (Sweden, 1954)
 Collar of the Order of the Aztec Eagle (Mexico, 1954)
 Grand Star of the Order of Merit of the Austrian Republic (Austria, 1954)
Honorary Citizen of Belgrade (Yugoslavia, 1954)[186]
 Member of the Order of Merit for National Foundation, the "Order of the Republic of Korea" grade (South Korea, 1955)
 Knight Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (Italy, 1955)
 Collar of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1956)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Vietnam (South Vietnam, 1958)
Grand Commander of the Order of Truth (Burma, 1958)
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Southern Cross (Brazil, 1958)
 Star of the Republic of Indonesia, 1st Class (Indonesia, 1958)
 Hilal-i-Pakistan, 1st Class (Pakistan, 1958)
 Knight of the Order of the Royal House of Chakri (Thailand, 1958)
 Riband of the Three Military (Order Of Christ, Order of Saint Benedict of Aviz, and Order of St. James of the Sword) (Portugal, 1959)
 Korean War Service Medal (South Korea, 1959)
 1st Class of the Order of Suvorov (USSR, 1959)
Grand Cross of the Order of the Somali Star (Somalia)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Nile (Egypt, 22 May 1963)
 Commander of the Order of the Shield and Spears (Buganda, 1964)
 Grand Collar of the Order of Pahlavi (Iran, 1964)
 Star of the People's Republic of Romania (Romania, 1964)
 Member 1st Class with Diamonds of the Order of the Flag of the Republic of Hungary (Hungary, 1964)
Jamaica Kings House Honouree (Jamaica, 1966)
 Collar of the National Order of Honour and Merit (Haiti, 1966)
 Necklace of the Order of Jean-Jacques Dessalines the Great (Haiti, 1966)[187]
 Grand Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (Poland, 1967)
 Honorary Recipient of the Order of the Crown of the Realm (D.M.N.) (Malaysia, 21 May 1968)
 Companion of the Order of the Star of Ghana (CSG) (Ghana, 1970)
 Collar of the Order of Pius IX (Holy See, 1970)
 Knight Collar of the Order of Charles III (Spain, 27 April 1971)[188]
 Commemorative Medal of the 2500th Anniversary of the founding of the Persian Empire (Iran, 14 October 1971)[189]
Honorary Citizen of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Yugoslavia, 1972)[190]
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator General San Martín (Argentina)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Dahomey (Benin)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Condor of the Andes (Bolivia)
 Order of Valour (Cameroon)
 Order of Central African Merit (Central African Republic)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Chad (Republic of Chad)
 Collar of the Order of Merit (Chile)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Merit (Congo)
 Order of the White Lion 1st Class with Collar (Czechoslovakia)
 Collar of the Order of the White Rose (Finland)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Equatorial Star (Gabon)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Guinea)
 Grand Order of the Hashemites (Kingdom of Iraq)
 Order of al-Hussein bin Ali (Jordan)
 Grand Chief of the Order of the Golden Heart (Kenya)
 Extraordinary Grade of the Order of Merit (Lebanon)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Pioneers of Liberia (Liberia)
 Order of Idris I (Libya)
 Grand Cordon of the National Order of Madagascar (Madagascar)
 Order of the Lion (Malawi)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Mali (Mali)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Mauritania)
Order of Muhammad (Morocco)
 Grand Cross of the National Order (Niger)
 Order of the Federal Republic (Nigeria)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru (Peru)
 Raja of the Order of Sikatuna (Philippines)
 Order of Abdulaziz al Saud, 1st Class (Saudi Arabia)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Lion (Senegal)
 Cordon of Honour (Sudan)
 Order of Umayyad (Syria)
 Special Grade of the Order of Propitious Clouds (Taiwan)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Mono (Togo)
 Order of Independence (Tunisia)
 Order of the Source of the Nile (Uganda)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Upper Volta (Republic of Upper Volta)
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator (Venezuela)
 Collar of the National Order of the Leopard (Zaire)
 Collar of the Order of the Eagle of Zambia (Zambia)


Ancestry[edit]


Ancestors of Haile Selassie







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

8. Dejazmach Wolde Malakot Yamana Krestos

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

4. Dejazmach Wolde Mikael Gudessa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

9. Woizero Kalama Worq

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

2. Ras Mäkonnen Wäldä-Mika'él Guddisa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Meridazmach Wossen Seged



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Meridazmach Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Woizero Zenebework



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Immabet Tenagnework Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22.



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Woizero Yimegnushal Ayele

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Etalemahu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

6. Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar of Woreilu

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

3. Woizero Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

14. Ato Yimeru of Gurage

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

7. Immabet-Hoy Walatta Ihata Giyorgis Yimeru

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

15. Woizero Araza-Aregai

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






















Military ranks[edit]
Haile Selassie held the following ranks:[191]

Field Marshal, Imperial Ethiopian Army
Admiral of the Fleet, Imperial Ethiopian Navy
Marshal of the Imperial Ethiopian Air Force
Field Marshal, British Army, 20 January 1965[192]

Popular culture[edit]

William Saroyan wrote a short story about him entitled The Lion of Judah in his 1971 book, Letters from 74 rue Taitbout or Don't Go But If You Must Say Hello To Everybody.
His name is often called out in vain by Hermes Conrad, a Rastafarian Accountant from the show Futurama
Featured as a playable leader in the computer strategy game Civilization V: Brave New World
Rex Stewart, a jazz cornetist, thought about Haile Selassie when he was creating a tune named Menelik (The Lion of Juda) which was recorded in 1941.

See also[edit]

Black Lions
Desta Damtew
List of people who have been considered deities

Notes[edit]
Footnotes[edit]



^ Translates to "Power of the Trinity".[1]
^ Pronounced in English as /ˈhaɪli səˈlæsi/ or /səˈlɑːsi/.[2][3]
^ Ge'ez ግርማዊ ቀዳማዊ አፄ ኃይለ ሥላሴ ሞዓ አንበሳ ዘእምነገደ ይሁዳ ንጉሠ ነገሥት ዘኢትዮጵያ ሰዩመ እግዚአብሔር; girmāwī ḳedāmāwī 'aṣē ḫayle śillāsē, mō'ā 'anbessā ze'imneggede yihudā niguse negest ze'ītyōṗṗyā, siyume 'igzī'a'bihēr.[citation needed]
^ Bālemulu literally means "fully empowered" or "wholly authorised", thus distinguishing it from the general use of Enderase, that being a representative or lieutenant of the Emperor to fiefs or vassals, essentially a Governor-General or Viceroy, by which term provincial governors in the contemporary Imperial period, during Haile Selassie's reign, were referred.[citation needed]
^ Balcha Safo brought an army of ten thousand with him from Sidamo.[37]
^ Balcha Safo's personal bodyguard numbered about five hundred.[37]



Citations[edit]


^ Gates, Henry Louis and Appiah, Anthony, Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience. 1999, p. 902.
^ "Haile Selassie", Merriam-webster, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Haile Selassie", Dictionary, Reference, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ Page, Melvin Eugene; Sonnenburg, Penny M. (2003). Colonialism: an international, social, cultural, and political encyclopedia. 1. ABC-CLIO. p. 247. ISBN 978-1-57607-335-3. 
^ a b Safire 1997, pp. 297–8.
^ Karsh, Efraim (1988), Neutrality and Small States. Routledge. ISBN 0-41500507-8, p. 112.
^ Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs. ISBN 1-58648398-6, pp. 212–13.
^ a b c Rebellion and Famine in the North under Haile Selassie (PDF), Human Rights Watch .
^ a b Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998), "Feeding on Ethiopia's Famine", The Independent, UK .
^ "Rastafarian", Major religions ranked by size, Adherents .
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Sullivan, Michael, C. (2005), In Search of a Perfect World. Author House. ISBN 1-42084161-0, p. 86.
^ Erlich, Haggai (2002), The Cross and the River: Ethiopia, Egypt, and the Nile. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587970-5, p. 192.
^ Murrell, p. 148
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia dies at 83", The New York Times .
^ a b Murrell, pp. 172–3.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xiii.
^ "Haile Selasie: 40 year anniversary of his death". African calendar. Africa Media Online. 
^ Roberts, Neil (11 February 2015). Freedom as Marronage. University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 9780226201047. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ Murrell, p. 159.
^ Lee V. (1983, July), "The Roots of Rastafari", Yoga Journal No. 51. ISSN 0191-0965, p. 18
^ Ghai, Yash P. (2000), Autonomy and Ethnicity: Negotiating Competing Claims in Multi-Ethnic States. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52178642-8, p. 176.
^ a b Kasuka, Bridgette (2012). Prominent African Leaders Since Independence. Bankole Kamara Taylor. p. 19. ISBN 1-47004358-0. 
^ "Shoa 3". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ a b de Moor, Jaap and Wesseling, H. L. (1989), Imperialism and War: Essays on Colonial Wars in Asia and Africa. Brill. ISBN 9004088342, p. 189.
^ a b Woodward, Peter (1994), Conflict and Peace in the Horn of Africa: federalism and its alternatives. Dartmouth Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85521486-5, p. 29.
^ Shinn, p. 265.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xii.
^ a b c Shinn, pp. 193–4.
^ a b Roberts, p. 712.
^ a b White, pp. 34–5.
^ "Modern era". History of Ethiopia. Solomonic crown heraldry. Archived from the original on 26 September 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ Mockler, p. 387.
^ Lentakis, Michael B. (2004), Ethiopia: Land of the Lotus Eaters. Janus Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85756558-4, p. 41.
^ a b Shinn, p. 228.
^ Marcus, p. 126.
^ a b c d e Marcus, p. 127.
^ Marcus, Harold (1996), Haile Selassie I: The formative years, 1892–1936. Trenton: Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902007-8, pp. 36ff.
^ Clarence-Smith, W. G. The Economics of the Indian Ocean Slave Trade in the Nineteenth Century. 1989, p. 103.
^ Miers, Twentieth Century Solutions of the Abolition of Slavery (PDF), Yale .
^ Brody, J. Kenneth (2000). The Avoidable War. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-76580498-0. p. 209.
^ Marcus, p. 123.
^ Gates and Appiah, Africana (1999), p. 698.
^ Rogers, Joel Augustus (1936). The Real Facts about Ethiopia. p. 27.
^ a b c Mockler, pp. 3–4.
^ ETHIOPIAN RULER WINS PLAUDITS OF PARISIANS, The New York Times. 17 May 1924.
^ ETHIOPIAN ROYALTIES DON SHOES IN CAIRO, The New York Times. 5 May 1924.
^ Mockler, p. 4.
^ Nidel, Richard (2005), World Music: The Basics. Routledge. ISBN 0415968003, p. 56.
^ a b Roberts, p. 723.
^ Marcus, p. 129.
^ Mockler, p. 8.
^ Marcus, pp. 127–28.
^ Roberts, p. 724.
^ Sorenson, John (2001). Ghosts and Shadows: Construction of Identity and Community in an African Diaspora. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-80208331-5 p. 34.
^ Brockman, Norbert C. (1994), An African Biographical Dictionary. ABC-CLIO. ISBN 0-87436748-4, p. 381.
^ Henze, Paul B. (2000), Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia. C. Hurst & Co. Publishers. ISBN 1-85065393-3, p. 205.
^ a b Mockler, p. 12.
^ Abyssinian ruler honors Americans. The New York Times. 24 October 1930.
^ Wallace, Irving (1965). "Everybody's Rover Boy", p. 113 in The Sunday Gentleman. New York: Simon & Schuster.
^ "Emperor is Crowned in Regal Splendor at African Capital". The New York Times. 3 November 1930.
^ ABYSSINIA'S GUESTS RECEIVE COSTLY GIFTS. The New York Times. 12 November 1930.
^ "Emperor of Ethiopia Honors Bishop Freeman; Sends Gold-Encased Bible and Cross for Prayer". The New York Times. 27 January 1931.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 17.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 22.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020515, p. 22.
^ Mockler, p. 61.
^ a b Carlton, Eric (1992), Occupation: The Policies and Practices of Military Conquerors. Taylor & Francis. ISBN 0-20314346-9, pp. 88–9.
^ a b Vandervort, Bruce (1998), Wars of Imperial Conquest in Africa, 1830–1914. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-25321178-6, p. 158.
^ Churchill, Winston (1986). The Second World War. p. 165.
^ Chapter 35 – We proclaim mobilization at the Wayback Machine (archived 11 June 2009) in Words of RasTafarI, Haile Selassie I. Jah-rastafari. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Baudendistel, Rainer (2006), Between Bombs And Good Intentions: The Red Cross And the Italo-Ethiopian War. Berghahn Books. ISBN 1-84545035-3, p. 168.
^ Young, John (1997), Peasant Revolution in Ethiopia. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52102606-7, p. 51.
^ Garvey, Marcus, The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers. 1991, p. 685.
^ Mockler, p. 123.
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 62.
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 132
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 72.
^ Moseley, Ray (1999), Mussolini's Shadow: The Double Life of Count Galeazzo Ciano. Yale University Press. ISBN 0-30007917-6, p. 27.
^ Jarrett-Macauley, Delia (1998), The Life of Una Marson, 1905–65, Manchester University Press, ISBN 0-71905284-X, pp. 102–3.
^ Safire 1997, p. 318.
^ Ferraro, Vincent. "Haile Selassie, "Appeal to the League of Nations", June 1936". Mtholyoke. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Man of the Year", Time (magazine), 6 January 1936 .
^ Time 1937.
^ Elleray, D. Robert (1998). A Millennium Encyclopaedia of Worthing History. Worthing: Optimus Books. p. 119. ISBN 0-9533132-0-4. 
^ Selassie at Wimbledon, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society, Summer 2006, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Exiled emperor at home in hotel". Malvern Gazette. 18 October 2002. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor's life in town is recalled in BBC film". Malvern Gazette. 14 February 2003. Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "'Princesses were my school chums'". Malvern Gazette. Newsquest Media Group. 5 May 2006. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor will be remembered as part of civic week". Malvern Gazette. 6 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Civic week to be launched with ceremony". Malvern Gazette. 21 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 11–2..
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 26–27..
^ a b Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 25.
^ a b Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004), Ethiopia: A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-41911857-9, pp. 60–61.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 27.
^ a b c Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 40–42.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 170.
^ Shinn, p. 3.
^ Haber, Lutz, The Emperor Haile Selassie I in Bath 1936–1940, Occasional papers, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society .
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 156.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 165.
^ Hinks, Peter P.; McKivigan, John R. and Williams, R. Owen (2007). Encyclopedia of Antislavery and Abolition, Greenwood Publishing Group, p. 248. ISBN 0-313-33143-X.
^ Shinn, p. 201.
^ a b Shinn, pp. 140–1.
^ a b c d e Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004). Ethiopia A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1419118579. pp. 63–4.
^ Willcox Seidman, Ann (1990), Apartheid, Militarism, and the U.S. Southeast. Africa World Press. ISBN 0865431515, p. 78.
^ a b c Watson, John H. (2000), Among the Copts. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 978-1-902210-56-8, p. 56.
^ "Ethiopian Korean War Veterans", Geo cities, Yahoo!, Archived from the original on 26 October 2009 CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link).
^ Nathaniel, Ras (2004), 50th Anniversary of His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1-41203702-6, p. 30.
^ "Ethiopia Administrative Change and the 1955 Constitution". Country studies. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Mammo, Tirfe (1999). The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge. The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902049-3, p. 103.
^ Addis Zemen newspaper, 3 October 1947.
^ a b Zewde, Bahru (2001), A History of Modern Ethiopia. Oxford: James Currey. ISBN 0852557868, pp. 220–26.
^ a b Mammo, Tirfe (1999), The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge.The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020493, p. 100.
^ "General Assembly Resolutions 5th Session". United Nations. Retrieved 16 October 2007. 
^ Haile, Semere (1987), "The Origins and Demise of the Ethiopia-Eritrea Federation", Issue: A Journal of Opinion, 15, pp. 9–17.
^ "Ethiopia: New African Union Building and Kwame Statue" (Video) at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 June 2012). Jimma Times. 29 January 2012
^ Brewer, Sam Pope (5 October 1963), Selassie, at U.N., Recalls 1936 Plea to League, The New York Times.
^ "Photo # 84497", Emperor of Ethiopia Addresses General Assembly, New York: United Nations, 4 October 1963 .
^ Wikisource:Selassie's Address to the United Nations
^ "Country ratings and status, FIW 1973-2012" (XLS). Freedom House. 2012. Retrieved 2012-08-22. 
^ "40th anniversary of Hazemo Massacre commemorated". Shabait. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 26 July 2007. 
^ "Eritrean Martyrs' Day". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ Latt, Louise. "Eritrea Re-photographed: Landscape Changes in the Eritrean Highlands 1890-2004" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 4 March 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ "Dates in Eritrean History". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ a b De Waal, p. 58.
^ a b c Dickinson, Daniel, "The last of the Ethiopian emperors", BBC News, Addis Ababa, 12 May 2005.
^ De Waal.
^ De Waal (1991b), "3. Rebellion and famine in the north under Haile Selassie", Evil Days (PDF), p. 58, n. 7 ; from .[129]
^ "The Unknown Famine in Ethiopia 1973". BBC. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (28 July 2002). "Jonathan Dimbleby and the hidden famine". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Eldridge, John Eric Thomas (1993), Getting the Message: News, Truth and Power. Psychology Press. ISBN 0-41507983-7, p. 26.
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998). "Feeding on Ethiopia's famine". The Independent. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ De Waal, p. 61.
^ Woodward, Peter (2003), The Horn of Africa: Politics and International Relations. I. B. Tauris. ISBN 1-86064870-3, p. 175.
^ Kumar, Krishna (1998). Postconflict Elections, Democratization, and International Assistance. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587778-8, p. 114.
^ "Government and Politics", Ethiopia (country study), Mongabay, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ a b c Launhardt, Johannes (2005). Evangelicals in Addis Ababa (1919–1991). LIT Verlag. ISBN 3-82587791-4, pp. 239–40.
^ a b Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs, ISBN 1-58648398-6, p. 216.
^ Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, 1978. ISBN 0-679-72203-3.
^ a b Shinn, p. 44.
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia Dies at 83". The New York Times. 28 August 1975. Retrieved 21 July 2007. Haile Selassie, the last emperor in the 3,000-year-old Ethiopian monarchy, who ruled for half a century before he was deposed in a military coup last September, died yesterday in a small apartment in his former palace. He was 83 years old. His death was played down by the military rulers who succeeded him in Addis Ababa, who announced it in a normally scheduled radio newscast there at 7 am They said that he had been found dead in his bed by a servant, and that the cause of death was probably related to the effects of a prostate operation Haile Selassie underwent two months ago. 
^ a b "An Imperial Burial for Haile Selassie, 25 Years After Death", The New York Times, 6 November 2000.
^ Ottaway, Marina, and David Ottaway (1978), Ethiopia: Empire in Revolution. New York: Africana. ISBN 0-84190363-8, p. 109, n. 22.
^ "Ethiopians Celebrate a Mass for Exhumed Haile Selassie", The New York Times, 1 March 1992.
^ a b Lorch, Donatella (31 December 1995). "Ethiopia Deals With Legacy of Kings and Colonels". The New York Times.
^ Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19803060-6, p. 55.
^ "Granddaughter Esther Selassie's website genealogy". Afronord.tripod.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Mockler, p. xxvii.
^ "Rastafarian beliefs". BBC. 9 October 2009. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "The African Diaspora, Ethiopianism, and Rastafari". Smithsonian education. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie King of Kings, Conquering Lion of the tribe of Judah". Debate.uvm.edu. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie". Ethiopian History. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Owens, Joseph (1974), Dread, The Rastafarians of Jamaica. ISBN 0-435-98650-3.
^ "The Re-evolution of Rastafari". Rastafari speaks. 20 January 2003. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. pp. 118–. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Christopher John Farley, Before the Legend: The Rise of Bob Marley, p. 145.
^ David Katz, People Funny Boy (Lee Perry biography), p. 41.
^ Murrell, p. 64.
^ David Howard, Kingston: A Cultural and Literary History, p. 176.
^ "The State Visit of Emperor Haile Selassie I". Jamaica-gleaner.com. Archived from the original on 9 December 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Commemorating The Royal Visit by Ijahnya Christian", The Anguillian Newspaper, 22 April 2005.
^ White, pp. 15, 210, 211.
^ Bogues, Anthony (2003), Black Heretics, Black Prophets: Radical Political Intellectuals. Psychology Press. ISBN 0415943256, p. 189.
^ Bradley, Lloyd (2001), This Is Reggae Music: The Story of Jamaica's Music. Grove Press. ISBN 0802138284, pp. 192–93.
^ a b c Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0198030606. p. 86.
^ a b Habekost, Christian (1993), Verbal Riddim: The Politics and Aesthetics of African-Caribbean Dub Poetry. Rodopi. ISBN 9051835493, p. 83.
^ a b O'Brien Chang, Kevin; Chen, Wayne (1998). Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music. Temple University Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-1-56639-629-5. 
^ "African Crossroads – Spiritual Kinsmen" at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 January 2008) Dr. Ikael Tafari, The Daily Nation, 24 December 2007.
^ White, p. 211.
^ Funk, Jerry (2007), Life Is an Excellent Adventure. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1412215005, p. 149.
^ Marley, Rita (2004). No Woman No Cry: My Life with Bob Marley. Hyperion. p. 43. ISBN 978-0-7868-6867-4. 
^ "Bob Marley the Devoted Rastafarian!". Rasta-man-vibration.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Spencer, William David (1998). Dread Jesus. SPCK Publishing. p. 44. ISBN 978-0-28105101-4. 
^ Hood, Robert Earl (January 1990). Must God Remain Greek?: Afro Cultures and God-talk. Fortress Press. pp. 93–. ISBN 978-0-8006-2449-1. 
^ "Ethiopians in D.C. Region Mourn Archbishop's Death". The Washington Post. 13 January 2006. 
^ "Bob Marley Anniversary Spotlights Rasta Religion". National Geographic. 28 October 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie I – God of the Black race". BBC. 
^ Nettleford, Rex (1970), Mirror, Mirror: Identity, Race and Protest in Jamaica, William Collins and Sangster Ltd, Jamaica.
^ "The History and Location of the Shashamane Settlement Community Development Foundation, Inc., USA". Shashamane. Archived from the original on 25 May 2011. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "'Man of the Millennium' - Message from the Director". Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ a b c d e Copley, Gregory R. Ethiopia Reaches Her Hand Unto God: Imperial Ethiopia's Unique Symbols, Structures and Role in the Modern World. Published by Defense & Foreign Affairs, part of the International Strategic Studies Association, 1998. ISBN 1892998009. p.17
^ Religious, Traditional & Ceremonial. The Official Website of The Crown Council of Ethiopia. The Crown Council of Ethiopia. Retrieved 13 August 2014.
^ "Haile Selassie I", Military William Order (in Dutch), Defence, retrieved 9 March 2016 .
^ "Đilas podržao predlog". RS: Blic. Archived from the original on 21 December 2008. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Abbott, Elizabeth (1988), Haiti: An insider's history of the rise and fall of the Duvaliers. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-67168620-8, p. 139.
^ Boletín Oficial del Estado
^ Badraie. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Odluka o proglašenju Njegovog Carskog Veličanstva Cara Etiopije Haila Selasija Prvog za počasnog građanina SFRJ ("Službeni list SFRJ"), br. 33/72 319–655
^ "Shoa 6". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ The London Gazette, Issue: 43567 Page: 1235. Retrieved op 17 January 2017.


Bibliography[edit]

Marcus, Harold G. (1994). A History of Ethiopia. London: University of California Press. p. 316. ISBN 0-520-22479-5. 
Mockler, Anthony (2003). Haile Selassie's War. Signal Books. ISBN 1-90266953-3. 
Murrell, Nathaniel Samuel; Spencer, William David; McFarlane, Adrian Anthony (1998). Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader. Temple University Press. ISBN 1-56639584-4. 
Roberts, Andrew Dunlop (1986). The Cambridge History of Africa: From 1905 to 1940. 7. Cambridge: Press Sindicate of the University of Cambridge. ISBN 0-52122505-1. 
Safire, William (1997), Lend Me Your Ears: Great Speeches in History, W.W. Norton, ISBN 0-39304005-4 .
Selassie, Haile I (1999), My Life and Ethiopia's Progress: The Autobiography of Emperor Haile Selassie I, translated from Amharic by Edward Ullendorff, New York: Frontline Books, ISBN 0-948390-40-9 .
Shinn, David Hamilton; Ofcansky, Thomas P. (2004). Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. Scarecrow Press. ISBN 0-81086566-1. 
"Distressed Negus". Time Magazine. 15 November 1937. Retrieved 19 January 2010. 
De Waal, Alexander (1991). Evil Days: Thirty Years of War and Famine in Ethiopia (PDF). Human Rights Watch. ISBN 1-56432038-3. 
White, Timothy (2006). Catch a Fire: The Life of Bob Marley. Henry Holt & Co. ISBN 0-80508086-4. 

Further reading[edit]

Henze, Paul B (2000), ""The Rise of Haile Selassie: Time of Troubles, Regent, Emperor, Exile" and "Ethiopia in the Modern World: Haile Selassie from Triumph to Tragedy"", Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia, New York: Palgrave, ISBN 0-312-22719-1 .
Kapuściński, Ryszard (1978), The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, ISBN 0-679-72203-3 .
Haile Selassie I: Ethiopia's Lion of Judah, 1979, ISBN 0-88229-342-7
Haile Selassie's war: the Italian-Ethiopian Campaign, 1935–1941, 1984, ISBN 0-394-54222-3
Haile Selassie, western education, and political revolution in Ethiopia, 2006, ISBN 978-1-934043-20-2
King of Kings: the triumph and tragedy of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia, 2015, ISBN 978-1-910376-14-0
Mosley, Leonard, Haile Selassie: The Conquering Lion. Prentice Hall 1965 LCCN 65-11882 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Haile Selassie I.





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Haile Selassie



Ethiopian Treasures – Emperor Haile Selassie I
Imperial Crown Council of Ethiopia
Speech to the League of Nations, June 1936 (full text)
Rare and Unseen: Haile Selassie – slideshow by Life magazine
Marcus Garvey's prophecy of Haile Selassie I as the returned messiah
Haile Selassie I and the Italo-Ethiopian war
Haile Selassie I, the Later Years
A critical look at the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia
BBC article, memories of his personal servant
"His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia visits Jamaica", Watch News Reel (video), Google, 21 April 1966 
Ba Beta Kristiyan Haile Selassie I  – The Church of Haile Selassie I
Haile Selassie I Speaks -Text & Audio-
Collection by Martin Rikli in 1935–1936, including photos of Haile Selassie, open access through the University of Florida Digital Collections
The Emperor's Clothes
A History of Ethiopia




Haile Selassie
House of Solomon
Born: 23 July 1892 Died: 27 August 1975


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Zewditu I
Emperor of Ethiopia
2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974
Monarchy abolished


Titles in pretence


Loss of title
Communist take-over

— TITULAR —
Emperor of Ethiopia
12 September 1974 – 27 August 1975
Succeeded by
Crown Prince Amha Selassie








v
t
e


Emperors of Ethiopia (1270–1974)




Family tree



Solomonic dynasty



Yekuno Amlak
Yagbe'u Seyon (Salomon I)
Senfa Ared IV
Hezba Asgad
Qedma Asgad
Jin Asgad
Saba Asgad
Wedem Arad
Amda Seyon I
Newaya Krestos
Newaya Maryam
Dawit I
Tewodros I
Yeshaq I
Andreyas
Takla Maryam
Sarwe Iyasus
Amda Iyasus
Zara Yaqob (Kwestantinos I)
Baeda Maryam I
Eskender (Kwestantinos II)
Amda Seyon II
Na'od
Dawit II
Gelawdewos
Menas
Sarsa Dengel
Yaqob
Za Dengel
Yaqob
Susenyos I
Fasilides
Yohannes I
Iyasu the Great
Tekle Haymanot I
Tewoflos
Yostos
Dawit III
Bakaffa
Iyasu II





Age of the Princes



Iyoas I
Yohannes II
Tekle Haymanot II
Susenyos II
Tekle Haymanot II
Salomon II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Iyasu III
Tekle Giyorgis I
Hezqeyas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Baeda Maryam II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Yonas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Demetros
Tekle Giyorgis I
Demetros
Egwale Seyon
Iyoas II
Gigar
Baeda Maryam III
Gigar
Iyasu IV
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel





Tewodros dynasty



Tewodros II





Zagwe restoration



Tekle Giyorgis II





Tigray dynasty



Yohannes IV





Solomonic dynasty



Menelik II
Iyasu V
Zewditu I
Haile Selassie I












v
t
e


Chairpersons of the Organisation of African Unity and the African Union



Organisation of African Unity



Selassie
Nasser
Nkrumah
Ankrah
Selassie
Mobutu
Boumedienne
Ahidjo
Kaunda
Daddah
Hassan II
Gowon
Barre
Amin
Ramgoolam
Bongo
Nimeiry
Tolbert
Senghor
Stevens
Moi
Mengistu
Nyerere
Diouf
Nguesso
Kaunda
Traoré
Mubarak
Museveni
Babangida
Diouf
Mubarak
Ben Ali
Meles
Biya
Mugabe
Compaoré
Bouteflika
Eyadéma
Chiluba
Mwanawasa





African Union



Mbeki
Chissano
Obasanjo
Nguesso
Kufuor
Kikwete
Gaddafi
Mutharika
Nguema
Boni
Hailemariam
Abdel Aziz
Mugabe
Déby
Condé












v
t
e


Pan-Africanism



Ideology





Variants




Afrocentrism
African nationalism
African socialism
Black nationalism
Garveyism
Nkrumaism
Sankarism
Uhuru Movement
Zikism






Concepts




African century
Black Power
Négritude
Ubuntu
Ujamaa
United States of Africa








Proponents





Politicians




Nnamdi Azikiwe
Amílcar Cabral
David Comissiong
Muammar Gaddafi
Marcus Garvey
Alieu Ebrima Cham Joof
Kenneth Kaunda
Jomo Kenyatta
Patrice Lumumba
Thabo Mbeki
Robert Mugabe
Abdias do Nascimento
Gamal Abdel Nasser
Kwame Nkrumah
John Nyathi Pokela
Julius Nyerere
Thomas Sankara
Ahmed Sékou Touré
Haile Selassie
Robert Sobukwe
I. T. A. Wallace-Johnson






Others




Marimba Ani
Molefi Kete Asante
Steve Biko
Edward Wilmot Blyden
Stokely Carmichael
John Henrik Clarke
Cheikh Anta Diop
W. E. B. Du Bois
Frantz Fanon
John G. Jackson
Leonard Jeffries
Yosef Ben-Jochannan
Maulana Karenga
Fela Kuti
Malcolm X
Zephania Mothopeng
George Padmore
Motsoko Pheko
Runoko Rashidi
Paul Robeson
Randall Robinson
Walter Rodney
Burning Spear
Henry Sylvester-Williams
Issa Laye Thiaw
Omali Yeshitela








Organizations



African Union
African Unification Front
All-African People's Revolutionary Party
Conseil de l'Entente
Convention People's Party
Economic Freedom Fighters
International African Service Bureau
Organisation of African Unity
Pan Africanist Congress of Azania
Rassemblement Démocratique Africain
UNIA-ACL





Symbols



Black Star of Africa
Lion of Judah
Pan-African colours
Pan-African flag





Related



African philosophy
African-American leftism
Africanization
All-African Peoples' Conference
Kwanzaa
Year of Africa












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year








1927–1950






Charles Lindbergh (1927)
Walter Chrysler (1928)
Owen D. Young (1929)
Mohandas Gandhi (1930)
Pierre Laval (1931)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1932)
Hugh S. Johnson (1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1934)
Haile Selassie (1935)
Wallis Simpson (1936)
Chiang Kai-shek / Soong Mei-ling (1937)
Adolf Hitler (1938)
Joseph Stalin (1939)
Winston Churchill (1940)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1941)
Joseph Stalin (1942)
George Marshall (1943)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1944)
Harry S. Truman (1945)
James F. Byrnes (1946)
George Marshall (1947)
Harry S. Truman (1948)
Winston Churchill (1949)
The American Fighting-Man (1950)













1951–1975






Mohammed Mosaddeq (1951)
Elizabeth II (1952)
Konrad Adenauer (1953)
John Foster Dulles (1954)
Harlow Curtice (1955)
Hungarian Freedom Fighters (1956)
Nikita Khrushchev (1957)
Charles de Gaulle (1958)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1959)
U.S. Scientists: George Beadle / Charles Draper / John Enders / Donald A. Glaser / Joshua Lederberg / Willard Libby / Linus Pauling / Edward Purcell / Isidor Rabi / Emilio Segrè / William Shockley / Edward Teller / Charles Townes / James Van Allen / Robert Woodward (1960)
John F. Kennedy (1961)
Pope John XXIII (1962)
Martin Luther King, Jr. (1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1964)
William Westmoreland (1965)
The Generation Twenty-Five and Under (1966)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1967)
The Apollo 8 Astronauts: William Anders / Frank Borman / Jim Lovell (1968)
The Middle Americans (1969)
Willy Brandt (1970)
Richard Nixon (1971)
Henry Kissinger / Richard Nixon (1972)
John Sirica (1973)
King Faisal (1974)
American Women: Susan Brownmiller / Kathleen Byerly / Alison Cheek / Jill Conway / Betty Ford / Ella Grasso / Carla Hills / Barbara Jordan / Billie Jean King / Susie Sharp / Carol Sutton / Addie Wyatt (1975)













1976–2000






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yasser Arafat / F. W. de Klerk / Nelson Mandela / Yitzhak Rabin (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)













2001–present






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protester (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karwah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)









 Book:Time Persons of the Year







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 66475642
LCCN: n79043431
ISNI: 0000 0001 0910 2298
GND: 118700758
SELIBR: 319456
SUDOC: 027764656
BNF: cb11973730w (data)
NLA: 35677375
NDL: 00620780
NKC: jo2007416169










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Haile_Selassie&oldid=792503176"					
Categories: Haile Selassie1892 births1975 deathsAfrican Union chairpersonsBurials at Holy Trinity Cathedral (Addis Ababa)Deified peopleEmperors of EthiopiaEthiopian anti-communistsEthiopian Oriental Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian princesGovernments in exile during World War IIInternational opponents of apartheid in South AfricaLeaders ousted by a coupMarshals of the air forceNon-Chalcedonian Christian monarchsOrthodox monarchsAfrican pan-AfricanistsPeople from Addis AbabaRastafari movementRulers of EthiopiaSolomonic dynastyWorld War II political leadersChief Commanders of the Legion of MeritChiefs of the Order of the Golden Heart of KenyaCollars of the Order of the Aztec EagleExtra Knights Companion of the GarterGrand Collars of the Order of SikatunaGrand Collars of the Order of the Southern CrossGrand Commanders of the Order of the Federal RepublicGrand Cordons of the Order of the NileGrand Cordons of the Order of the Queen of ShebaGrand Cordons of the Order of the Seal of SolomonGrand Cordons of the Order of ValourGrand Croix of the Légion d'honneurGrand Crosses of the Order of the Sun of PeruGrand Crosses of the National Order of Honour and MeritGrand Crosses of the Order of Christ (Portugal)Grand Crosses of the Order of the Tower and SwordGrand Crosses Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of GermanyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the BathHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian OrderHonorary Recipients of the Order of the Crown of the RealmKnights Grand Cross of the Military William OrderKnights of Pius IXKnights of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of NassauRecipients of the National Order of VietnamRecipients of the Order of Menelik IIRecipients of the Order of Merit for National FoundationRecipients of the Order of Polonia RestitutaRecipients of the Order of Saints Maurice and LazarusRecipients of the Order of SolomonRecipients of the Order of the Condor of the AndesRecipients of the Order of the Liberator General San MartinRecipients of the Order of the Star of EthiopiaRecipients of the Order of the Star of GhanaRecipients of the Royal Victorian ChainRecipients of Thiri Thudhamma ThingahaPeople of the Second Italo-Ethiopian WarPeople considered avatars by their followersPeople from Oromia RegionRecipients of the Silver World AwardHidden categories: Articles containing Ge'ez-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2012Articles with unsourced statements from August 2016Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownCS1 Dutch-language sources (nl)Pages using infobox royalty with unknown parametersPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Amharic-language textUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from August 2016Articles with unsourced statements from May 2008Articles with unsourced statements from May 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीمصرىМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 22:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Haile Selassie - Wikipedia






















 






Haile Selassie

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ras Tafari Makonnen)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Ras Tafari" redirects here. For the religious movement that worships Haile Selassie, see Rastafari movement.


Haile Selassie I



Haile Selassie I in c.1971



Emperor of Ethiopia (more…)


Reign
2 April 1930 – 12 September 1974


Coronation
2 November 1930


Predecessor
Zewditu


Successor
Asfaw Wossen (Amha Selassie)
as "King of Ethiopia"
(Did not recognise designation as such)


Prime Ministers


See list

Himself
Wolde Tzaddick
Makonnen Endelkachew
Abebe Aregay
Imru Haile Selassie
Aklilu Habte-Wold
Endelkachew Makonnen
Mikael Imru





Regent Plenipotentiary of Ethiopia


Reign
27 September 1916 – 2 April 1930


Predecessor
Ras Bitwoded Tessema Nadew
(Under Iyasu V)


Monarch
Zewditu







Born
Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael
(1892-07-23)23 July 1892
Ejersa Goro, Ethiopian Empire


Died
27 August 1975(1975-08-27) (aged 83)
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Burial
5 November 2000
Holy Trinity Cathedral, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Spouse
Menen Asfaw


Issue
Princess Romanework
Princess Tenagnework
Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
Princess Zenebework
Princess Tsehai
Prince Makonnen
Prince Sahle Selassie


Dynasty
Solomonic (Sahle Selassie branch)


Father
Ras Makonnen Woldemikael


Mother
Yeshimebet Ali


Religion
Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo




Styles of
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Reference style
Amharic: ግርማዊ? girmāwī
His Imperial Majesty


Spoken style
Amharic: ጃንሆይ? djānhoi
Your Imperial Majesty
(lit. "O [esteemed] royal")


Alternative style
Amharic: ጌቶቹ? getochu
Our Lord (familiar)
(lit. "Our master" (pl.))





This article contains Ethiopic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols instead of Ethiopic characters.


Haile Selassie I (Ge'ez: ቀዳማዊ ኃይለ ሥላሴ?, qädamawi haylä səllasé[nb 1]; Amharic pronunciation: [ˈhaɪlɜ sɨˈlːase] ( listen);[nb 2] 23 July 1892 – 27 August 1975), born Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael,[4] was Ethiopia's regent from 1916 to 1930 and emperor from 1930 to 1974. He also served as Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity from 25 May 1963 to 17 July 1964 and 5 November 1966 to 11 September 1967. He was a member of the Solomonic Dynasty.
At the League of Nations in 1936, the emperor condemned the use of chemical weapons by Italy against his people during the Second Italo–Ethiopian War.[5] His internationalist views led to Ethiopia becoming a charter member of the League of Nations, and his political thought and experience in promoting multilateralism and collective security have proved seminal and enduring.[6] His suppression of rebellions among the landed aristocracy (the mesafint), which consistently opposed his reforms, as well as what some critics perceived to be Ethiopia's failure to modernize rapidly enough,[7] earned him criticism among some contemporaries and historians.[8] His regime was also criticized by human rights groups, such as Human Rights Watch, as autocratic and illiberal.[8][9]
Among the Rastafari movement, whose followers are estimated at between two and four million, Haile Selassie is revered as the returned messiah of the Bible, God incarnate.[10][11] Beginning in Jamaica in the 1930s, the Rastafari movement perceives Haile Selassie as a messianic figure who will lead a future golden age of eternal peace, righteousness, and prosperity.[12] Haile Selassie was an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian throughout his life. He is a defining figure in Ethiopian history.[13][14]
Haile Selassie died on 27 August 1975 at the age of 83, following a coup d'état.[15]



Contents


1 Name
2 Biography

2.1 Early life
2.2 Governorship
2.3 Regency

2.3.1 Travel abroad


2.4 King and emperor
2.5 Conflict with Italy

2.5.1 Mobilization
2.5.2 Progress of the war
2.5.3 Exile debate
2.5.4 Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936
2.5.5 Exile


2.6 1940s and 1950s
2.7 Charitable gesture
2.8 1960s
2.9 1970s

2.9.1 Wollo famine
2.9.2 Revolution
2.9.3 Imprisonment
2.9.4 Death and interment




3 Descendants
4 Rastafari messiah

4.1 Question of his divinity


5 Biographical film
6 Quotations
7 Title as emperor
8 Honours

8.1 National orders
8.2 Foreign orders


9 Ancestry
10 Military ranks
11 Popular culture
12 See also
13 Notes

13.1 Footnotes
13.2 Citations


14 Bibliography
15 Further reading
16 External links



Name[edit]




Lij Teferi Makonnen at age 3


Haile Selassie was known as a child as Lij Tafari Makonnen (Amharic ልጅ ተፈሪ መኮንን; lij teferī mekōnnin). Lij is translated as "child", and serves to indicate that a youth is of noble blood. His given name, Tafari, means "one who is respected or feared". Like most Ethiopians, his personal name Tafari is followed by that of his father Makonnen and rarely that of his grandfather Woldemikael. His Ge'ez name Haile Selassie was given to him at his infant baptism and adopted again as part of his regnal name in 1930.
As Governor of Harer, he became known as Ras Teferi Makonnen  listen (help·info). Ras is translated as "head"[16] and is a rank of nobility equivalent to Duke;[17] though it is often rendered in translation as "prince". In 1916, Empress Zewditu I appointed him to the position of Balemulu Silt'an Enderase (Regent Plenipotentiary). In 1928, she granted him the throne of Shoa, elevating his title to Negus or "King".[18]
On 2 November 1930, after the death of Empress Zewditu, Ras Tafari was crowned Negusa Nagast, literally King of Kings, rendered in English as "Emperor".[19] Upon his ascension, he took as his regnal name Haile Selassie I. Haile means in Ge'ez "Power of" and Selassie means trinity—therefore Haile Selassie roughly translates to "Power of the Trinity".[20] Haile Selassie's full title in office was "By the Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I, King of Kings of Ethiopia, Elect of God".[21][nb 3] This title reflects Ethiopian dynastic traditions, which hold that all monarchs must trace their lineage to Menelik I, who was the offspring of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba.[22]
To Ethiopians, Haile Selassie has been known by many names, including Janhoy, Talaqu Meri, and Abba Tekel.[23] The Rastafari movement employs many of these appellations, also referring to him as Jah, Jah Jah, Jah Rastafari, and HIM (the abbreviation of "His Imperial Majesty").[23]
Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]




Ras Makonnen Woldemikael and his son Lij Tafari Makonnen


Haile Selassie's royal line (through his father's mother) originated from the Amhara people,[24] He was born on 23 July 1892, in the village of Ejersa Goro, in the Harar province of Ethiopia. His mother was Woizero ("Lady") Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar, daughter of the renowned Oromo ruler of Wollo province Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar.[25] His maternal grandmother was of Gurage heritage.[26] Tafari's father was Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa, the governor of Harar. Ras Makonnen served as a general in the First Italo–Ethiopian War, playing a key role at the Battle of Adwa;[25] he too was paternally Oromo but maternally Amhara.[26] Haile Selassie was thus able to ascend to the imperial throne through his paternal grandmother, Woizero Tenagnework Sahle Selassie, who was an aunt of Emperor Menelik II and daughter of Negus Sahle Selassie of Shewa. As such, Haile Selassie claimed direct descent from Makeda, the Queen of Sheba, and King Solomon of ancient Israel.[27]
Ras Makonnen arranged for Tafari as well as his first cousin, Imru Haile Selassie, to receive instruction in Harar from Abba Samuel Wolde Kahin, an Ethiopian capuchin monk, and from Dr. Vitalien, a surgeon from Guadeloupe. Tafari was named Dejazmach (literally "commander of the gate", roughly equivalent to "count")[28] at the age of 13, on 1 November 1905.[29] Shortly thereafter, his father Ras Makonnen died at Kulibi, in 1906.[30]
Governorship[edit]




Dejazmatch Tafari, as governor of Harar


Tafari assumed the titular governorship of Selale in 1906, a realm of marginal importance,[31] but one that enabled him to continue his studies.[29] In 1907, he was appointed governor over part of the province of Sidamo. It is alleged that during his late teens, Haile Selassie was married to Woizero Altayech, and that from this union, his daughter Princess Romanework was born.[32]
Following the death of his brother Yelma in 1907, the governorate of Harar was left vacant,[31] and its administration was left to Menelik's loyal general, Dejazmach Balcha Safo. Balcha Safo's administration of Harar was ineffective, and so during the last illness of Menelik II, and the brief reign of Empress Taitu Bitul, Tafari was made governor of Harar in 1910[30] or 1911.[33]
On 3 August, he married Menen Asfaw of Ambassel, niece of heir to the throne Lij Iyasu.
Regency[edit]
The extent to which Tafari Makonnen contributed to the movement that would come to depose Iyasu V has been discussed extensively, particularly in Haile Selassie's own detailed account of the matter. Iyasu V, or Lij Iyasu, was the designated but uncrowned emperor of Ethiopia from 1913 to 1916. Iyasu's reputation for scandalous behavior and a disrespectful attitude towards the nobles at the court of his grandfather, Menelik II,[34] damaged his reputation. Iyasu's flirtation with Islam was considered treasonous among the Ethiopian Orthodox Christian leadership of the empire. On 27 September 1916, Iyasu was deposed.[35]
Contributing to the movement that deposed Iyasu were conservatives such as Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis, Menelik II's longtime Minister of War. The movement to depose Iyasu preferred Tafari, as he attracted support from both progressive and conservative factions. Ultimately, Iyasu was deposed on the grounds of conversion to Islam.[16][35] In his place, the daughter of Menelik II (the aunt of Iyasu) was named Empress Zewditu, while Tafari was elevated to the rank of Ras and was made heir apparent and Crown Prince. In the power arrangement that followed, Tafari accepted the role of Regent Plenipotentiary (Balemulu 'Inderase)[nb 4] and became the de facto ruler of the Ethiopian Empire (Mangista Ityop'p'ya). Zewditu would govern while Tafari would administer.[36]




Empress Zewditu with one of her trusted priests


While Iyasu had been deposed on 27 September 1916, on 8 October he managed to escape into the Ogaden Desert and his father, Negus Mikael of Wollo, had time to come to his aid.[37] On 27 October, Negus Mikael and his army met an army under Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis loyal to Zewditu and Tafari. During the Battle of Segale, Negus Mikael was defeated and captured. Any chance that Iyasu would regain the throne was ended and he went into hiding. On 11 January 1921, after avoiding capture for about five years, Iyasu was taken into custody by Gugsa Araya Selassie.
On 11 February 1917, the coronation for Zewditu took place. She pledged to rule justly through her Regent, Tafari. While Tafari was the more visible of the two, Zewditu was far from an honorary ruler. Her position required that she arbitrate the claims of competing factions. In other words, she had the last word. Tafari carried the burden of daily administration but, because his position was relatively weak, this was often an exercise in futility for him. Initially his personal army was poorly equipped, his finances were limited, and he had little leverage to withstand the combined influence of the Empress, the Minister of War, or the provincial governors.[37]
During his Regency, the new Crown Prince developed the policy of cautious modernization initiated by Menelik II. Also, during this time, he survived the 1918 flu pandemic, having come down with the illness.[38] He secured Ethiopia's admission to the League of Nations in 1923 by promising to eradicate slavery; each emperor since Tewodros II had issued proclamations to halt slavery,[39] but without effect: the internationally scorned practice persisted well into Haile Selassie's reign with an estimated 2 million slaves in Ethiopia in the early 1930s.[40][41]
Travel abroad[edit]
In 1924, Ras Tafari toured Europe and the Middle East visiting Jerusalem, Alexandria, Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, Stockholm, London, Geneva, and Athens. With him on his tour was a group that included Ras Seyum Mangasha of western Tigray Province; Ras Hailu Tekle Haymanot of Gojjam province; Ras Mulugeta Yeggazu of Illubabor Province; Ras Makonnen Endelkachew; and Blattengeta Heruy Welde Sellase. The primary goal of the trip to Europe was for Ethiopia to gain access to the sea. In Paris, Tafari was to find out from the French Foreign Ministry (Quai d'Orsay) that this goal would not be realized.[42] However, failing this, he and his retinue inspected schools, hospitals, factories, and churches. Although patterning many reforms after European models, Tafari remained wary of European pressure. To guard against economic imperialism, Tafari required that all enterprises have at least partial local ownership.[43] Of his modernization campaign, he remarked, "We need European progress only because we are surrounded by it. That is at once a benefit and a misfortune."[44]
Throughout Ras Tafari's travels in Europe, the Levant, and Egypt, he and his entourage were greeted with enthusiasm and fascination. He was accompanied by Seyum Mangasha and Hailu Tekle Haymanot who, like Tafari, were sons of generals who contributed to the victorious war against Italy a quarter century earlier at the Battle of Adwa.[45] Another member of his entourage, Mulugeta Yeggazu, actually fought at Adwa as a young man. The "Oriental Dignity" of the Ethiopians[46] and their "rich, picturesque court dress"[47] were sensationalized in the media; among his entourage he even included a pride of lions, which he distributed as gifts to President Alexandre Millerand and Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré of France, to King George V of the United Kingdom, and to the Zoological Garden (Jardin Zoologique) of Paris.[45] As one historian noted, "Rarely can a tour have inspired so many anecdotes".[45] In return for two lions, the United Kingdom presented Ras Tafari with the imperial crown of Emperor Tewodros II for its safe return to Empress Zewditu. The crown had been taken by Robert Napier during the 1868 Expedition to Abyssinia.[48]
In this period, the Crown Prince visited the Armenian monastery of Jerusalem. There, he adopted 40 Armenian orphans (አርባ ልጆች Arba Lijoch, "forty children"), who had lost their parents in Ottoman massacres. Ras Tafari arranged for the musical education of the youths, and they came to form the imperial brass band.[49]
King and emperor[edit]
See also: Modernisation of Ethiopia under Haile Selassie I
In 1928, the authority of Ras Tafari Makonnen was challenged when Dejazmatch Balcha Safo went to Addis Ababa with a sizeable armed force. When Tafari consolidated his hold over the provinces, many of Menelik's appointees refused to abide by the new regulations. Balcha Safo, the governor (Shum) of coffee-rich Sidamo Province, was particularly troublesome. The revenues he remitted to the central government did not reflect the accrued profits and Tafari recalled him to Addis Ababa. The old man came in high dudgeon and, insultingly, with a large army.[nb 5] The Dejazmatch paid homage to Empress Zewditu, but snubbed Ras Tafari.[50][51] On 18 February, while Balcha Safo and his personal bodyguard[nb 6] were in Addis Ababa, Ras Tafari had Ras Kassa Haile Darge buy off his army and arranged to have him displaced as the Shum of Sidamo Province[52] by Birru Wolde Gabriel who himself was replaced by Desta Damtew.[37]




Cover of Time magazine, 3 November 1930


Even so, the gesture of Balcha Safo empowered Empress Zewditu politically and she attempted to have Tafari tried for treason. He was tried for his benevolent dealings with Italy including a 20-year peace accord which was signed on 2 August.[29] In September, a group of palace reactionaries including some courtiers of the empress, made a final bid to get rid of Tafari. The attempted coup d'état was tragic in its origins and comic in its end. When confronted by Tafari and a company of his troops, the ringleaders of the coup took refuge on the palace grounds in Menelik's mausoleum. Tafari and his men surrounded them only to be surrounded themselves by the personal guard of Zewditu. More of Tafari's khaki clad soldiers arrived and, with superiority of arms, decided the outcome in his favor.[53] Popular support, as well as the support of the police,[50] remained with Tafari. Ultimately, the Empress relented and, on 7 October 1928, she crowned Tafari as Negus (Amharic: "King").
The crowning of Tafari as King was controversial. He occupied the same territory as the empress rather than going off to a regional kingdom of the empire. Two monarchs, even with one being the vassal and the other the emperor (in this case empress), had never occupied the same location as their seat in Ethiopian history. Conservatives agitated to redress this perceived insult to the dignity of the crown, leading to the rebellion of Ras Gugsa Welle. Gugsa Welle was the husband of the empress and the Shum of Begemder Province. In early 1930, he raised an army and marched it from his governorate at Gondar towards Addis Ababa. On 31 March 1930, Gugsa Welle was met by forces loyal to Negus Tafari and was defeated at the Battle of Anchem. Gugsa Welle was killed in action.[54] News of Gugsa Welle's defeat and death had hardly spread through Addis Ababa when the empress died suddenly on 2 April 1930. Although it was long rumored that the empress was poisoned upon the defeat of her husband,[55] or alternately that she died from shock upon hearing of the death of her estranged yet beloved husband,[56] it has since been documented that the Empress succumbed to a flu-like fever and complications from diabetes.[57]
With the passing of Zewditu, Tafari himself rose to emperor and was proclaimed Neguse Negest ze-'Ityopp'ya, "King of Kings of Ethiopia". He was crowned on 2 November 1930, at Addis Ababa's Cathedral of St. George. The coronation was by all accounts "a most splendid affair",[58] and it was attended by royals and dignitaries from all over the world. Among those in attendance were George V's son the Duke of Gloucester, Marshal Franchet d'Esperey of France, and the Prince of Udine representing the King of Italy. Emissaries from the United States,[59] Egypt, Turkey, Sweden, Belgium, and Japan were also present.[58] British author Evelyn Waugh was also present, penning a contemporary report on the event, and American travel lecturer Burton Holmes shot the only known film footage of the event.[60] One newspaper report suggested that the celebration may have incurred a cost in excess of $3,000,000.[61] Many of those in attendance received lavish gifts;[62] in one instance, the Christian emperor even sent a gold-encased Bible to an American bishop who had not attended the coronation, but who had dedicated a prayer to the emperor on the day of the coronation.[63]
Haile Selassie introduced Ethiopia's first written constitution on 16 July 1931,[64] providing for a bicameral legislature.[65] The constitution kept power in the hands of the nobility, but it did establish democratic standards among the nobility, envisaging a transition to democratic rule: it would prevail "until the people are in a position to elect themselves."[66] The constitution limited the succession to the throne to the descendants of Haile Selassie, a point that met with the disapprobation of other dynastic princes, including the princes of Tigrai and even the emperor's loyal cousin, Ras Kassa Haile Darge.
In 1932, the Sultanate of Jimma was formally absorbed into Ethiopia following the death of Sultan Abba Jifar II of Jimma.
Conflict with Italy[edit]
See also: Abyssinia Crisis and Second Italo-Abyssinian War
Ethiopia became the target of renewed Italian imperialist designs in the 1930s. Benito Mussolini's Fascist regime was keen to avenge the military defeats Italy had suffered to Ethiopia in the First Italo-Abyssinian War, and to efface the failed attempt by "liberal" Italy to conquer the country, as epitomised by the defeat at Adwa.[67][68][69] A conquest of Ethiopia could also empower the cause of fascism and embolden its rhetoric of empire.[69] Ethiopia would also provide a bridge between Italy's Eritrean and Italian Somaliland possessions. Ethiopia's position in the League of Nations did not dissuade the Italians from invading in 1935; the "collective security" envisaged by the League proved useless, and a scandal erupted when the Hoare-Laval Pact revealed that Ethiopia's League allies were scheming to appease Italy.[70]
Mobilization[edit]
Following the 5 December 1934 Italian invasion of Ethiopia at Walwal, Ogeden Province, Haile Selassie joined his northern armies and set up headquarters at Desse in Wollo province. He issued his mobilization order on 3 October 1935:

If you withhold from your country Ethiopia the death from cough or head-cold of which you would otherwise die, refusing to resist (in your district, in your patrimony, and in your home) our enemy who is coming from a distant country to attack us, and if you persist in not shedding your blood, you will be rebuked for it by your Creator and will be cursed by your offspring. Hence, without cooling your heart of accustomed valour, there emerges your decision to fight fiercely, mindful of your history that will last far into the future… If on your march you touch any property inside houses or cattle and crops outside, not even grass, straw, and dung excluded, it is like killing your brother who is dying with you… You, countryman, living at the various access routes, set up a market for the army at the places where it is camping and on the day your district-governor will indicate to you, lest the soldiers campaigning for Ethiopia's liberty should experience difficulty. You will not be charged excise duty, until the end of the campaign, for anything you are marketing at the military camps: I have granted you remission… After you have been ordered to go to war, but are then idly missing from the campaign, and when you are seized by the local chief or by an accuser, you will have punishment inflicted upon your inherited land, your property, and your body; to the accuser I shall grant a third of your property…

On 19 October 1935, Haile Selassie gave more precise orders for his army to his Commander-in-Chief, Ras Kassa:


When you set up tents, it is to be in caves and by trees and in a wood, if the place happens to be adjoining to these―and separated in the various platoons. Tents are to be set up at a distance of 30 cubits from each other.
When an aeroplane is sighted, one should leave large open roads and wide meadows and march in valleys and trenches and by zigzag routes, along places which have trees and woods.
When an aeroplane comes to drop bombs, it will not suit it to do so unless it comes down to about 100 metres; hence when it flies low for such action, one should fire a volley with a good and very long gun and then quickly disperse. When three or four bullets have hit it, the aeroplane is bound to fall down. But let only those fire who have been ordered to shoot with a weapon that has been selected for such firing, for if everyone shoots who possesses a gun, there is no advantage in this except to waste bullets and to disclose the men's whereabouts.
Lest the aeroplane, when rising again, should detect the whereabouts of those who are dispersed, it is well to remain cautiously scattered as long as it is still fairly close. In time of war it suits the enemy to aim his guns at adorned shields, ornaments, silver and gold cloaks, silk shirts and all similar things. Whether one possesses a jacket or not, it is best to wear a narrow-sleeved shirt with faded colours. When we return, with God's help, you can wear your gold and silver decorations then. Now it is time to go and fight. We offer you all these words of advice in the hope that no great harm should befall you through lack of caution. At the same time, We are glad to assure you that in time of war We are ready to shed Our blood in your midst for the sake of Ethiopia's freedom…"[71]


Compared to the Ethiopians, the Italians had an advanced, modern military which included a large air force. The Italians would also come to employ chemical weapons extensively throughout the conflict, even targeting Red Cross field hospitals in violation of the Geneva Conventions.[72]
Progress of the war[edit]
Starting in early October 1935, the Italians invaded Ethiopia. But, by November, the pace of invasion had slowed appreciably and Haile Selassie's northern armies were able to launch what was known as the "Christmas Offensive". During this offensive, the Italians were forced back in places and put on the defensive. In early 1936, the First Battle of Tembien stopped the progress of the Ethiopian offensive and the Italians were ready to continue their offensive. Following the defeat and destruction of the northern Ethiopian armies at the Battle of Amba Aradam, the Second Battle of Tembien, and the Battle of Shire, Haile Selassie took the field with the last Ethiopian army on the northern front. On 31 March 1936, he launched a counterattack against the Italians himself at the Battle of Maychew in southern Tigray. The emperor's army was defeated and retreated in disarray. As Haile Selassie's army withdrew, the Italians attacked from the air along with rebellious Raya and Azebo tribesmen on the ground, who were armed and paid by the Italians.[73]




When the struggle to resist Italy appeared doomed, Haile Selassie traveled to the rock-hewn churches of Lalibela for fasting and prayer.[74]


Haile Selassie made a solitary pilgrimage to the churches at Lalibela, at considerable risk of capture, before returning to his capital.[75] After a stormy session of the council of state, it was agreed that because Addis Ababa could not be defended, the government would relocate to the southern town of Gore, and that in the interest of preserving the Imperial house, the emperor's wife Menen Asfaw and the rest of the imperial family should immediately depart for French Somaliland, and from there continue on to Jerusalem.
Exile debate[edit]




The emperor arrives in Jerusalem. May 1936


After further debate as to whether Haile Selassie should go to Gore or accompany his family into exile, it was agreed that he should leave Ethiopia with his family and present the case of Ethiopia to the League of Nations at Geneva. The decision was not unanimous and several participants, including the nobleman Blatta Tekle Wolde Hawariat, strenuously objected to the idea of an Ethiopian monarch fleeing before an invading force.[76] Haile Selassie appointed his cousin Ras Imru Haile Selassie as Prince Regent in his absence, departing with his family for French Somaliland on 2 May 1936.
On 5 May, Marshal Pietro Badoglio led Italian troops into Addis Ababa, and Mussolini declared Ethiopia an Italian province. Victor Emanuel III was proclaimed as the new Emperor of Ethiopia. On the previous day, the Ethiopian exiles had left French Somaliland aboard the British cruiser HMS Enterprise. They were bound for Jerusalem in the British Mandate of Palestine, where the Ethiopian royal family maintained a residence. The Imperial family disembarked at Haifa and then went on to Jerusalem. Once there, Haile Selassie and his retinue prepared to make their case at Geneva. The choice of Jerusalem was highly symbolic, since the Solomonic Dynasty claimed descent from the House of David. Leaving the Holy Land, Haile Selassie and his entourage sailed aboard the British cruiser HMS Capetown for Gibraltar, where he stayed at the Rock Hotel. From Gibraltar, the exiles were transferred to an ordinary liner. By doing this, the government of the United Kingdom was spared the expense of a state reception.[77]
Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936[edit]
Mussolini, upon invading Ethiopia, had promptly declared his own "Italian Empire"; because the League of Nations afforded Haile Selassie the opportunity to address the assembly, Italy even withdrew its League delegation, on 12 May 1936.[78] It was in this context that Haile Selassie walked into the hall of the League of Nations, introduced by the President of the Assembly as "His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of Ethiopia" (Sa Majesté Imperiale, l'Empereur d'Ethiopie). The introduction caused a great many Italian journalists in the galleries to erupt into jeering, heckling, and whistling. As it turned out, they had earlier been issued whistles by Mussolini's son-in-law, Count Galeazzo Ciano.[79] The Romanian delegate, Nicolae Titulescu, famously jumped to his feet in response and cried "Show the savages the door!", and they were cleared out. Haile Selassie waited calmly for the hall to be cleared, and responded "majestically"[80] with a speech sometimes considered[by whom?] among the most stirring of the 20th century.[5]
Although fluent in French, the working language of the League, Haile Selassie chose to deliver his historic speech in his native Amharic. He asserted that, because his "confidence in the League was absolute", his people were now being slaughtered. He pointed out that the same European states that found in Ethiopia's favor at the League of Nations were refusing Ethiopia credit and matériel while aiding Italy, which was employing chemical weapons on military and civilian targets alike.

It was at the time when the operations for the encircling of Makale were taking place that the Italian command, fearing a rout, followed the procedure which it is now my duty to denounce to the world. Special sprayers were installed on board aircraft so that they could vaporize, over vast areas of territory, a fine, death-dealing rain. Groups of nine, fifteen, eighteen aircraft followed one another so that the fog issuing from them formed a continuous sheet. It was thus that, as from the end of January 1936, soldiers, women, children, cattle, rivers, lakes, and pastures were drenched continually with this deadly rain. In order to kill off systematically all living creatures, in order to more surely poison waters and pastures, the Italian command made its aircraft pass over and over again. That was its chief method of warfare.[81]

Noting that his own "small people of 12 million inhabitants, without arms, without resources" could never withstand an attack by a large power such as Italy, with its 42 million people and "unlimited quantities of the most death-dealing weapons", he contended that all small states were threatened by the aggression, and that all small states were in effect reduced to vassal states in the absence of collective action. He admonished the League that "God and history will remember your judgment."[82]

It is collective security: it is the very existence of the League of Nations. It is the confidence that each State is to place in international treaties… In a word, it is international morality that is at stake. Have the signatures appended to a Treaty value only in so far as the signatory Powers have a personal, direct and immediate interest involved?

The speech made the emperor an icon for anti-fascists around the world, and Time named him "Man of the Year".[83] He failed, however, to get what he most needed: the League agreed to only partial and ineffective sanctions on Italy. Only six nations in 1937 did not recognize Italy's occupation; they were China, New Zealand, the Soviet Union, the Republic of Spain, Mexico and the United States.[68]
Exile[edit]




Haile Selassie in 1942


Haile Selassie spent his exile years (1936–41) in Bath, England, in Fairfield House, which he bought. The emperor and Kassa Haile Darge took morning walks together behind the high walls of the 14-room Georgian house. Haile Selassie's favorite reading was "diplomatic history." But most of his serious hours were occupied with the 90,000-word story of his life that he was laboriously writing in Amharic.[84]
Prior to Fairfield House, he briefly stayed at Warne's Hotel in Worthing[85] and in Parkside, Wimbledon.[86] A bust of Haile Selassie is in nearby Cannizaro Park to commemorate this time and is a popular place of pilgrimage for London's Rastafari community. Haile Selassie stayed at the Abbey Hotel in Malvern in the 1930s and his granddaughters and daughters of court officials were educated at Clarendon School in North Malvern. During his time in Malvern he attended services at Holy Trinity Church, in Link Top. A blue plaque, commemorating his stay in Malvern, was unveiled on Saturday, 25 June 2011. As part of the ceremony, a delegation from the Rastafari movement gave a short address and a drum recital.[87][88][89][90][91]
Haile Selassie's activity in this period was focused on countering Italian propaganda as to the state of Ethiopian resistance and the legality of the occupation.[92] He spoke out against the desecration of houses of worship and historical artifacts (including the theft of a 1,600-year-old imperial obelisk), and condemned the atrocities suffered by the Ethiopian civilian population.[93] He continued to plead for League intervention and to voice his certainty that "God's judgment will eventually visit the weak and the mighty alike",[94] though his attempts to gain support for the struggle against Italy were largely unsuccessful until Italy entered World War II on the German side in June 1940.[95]
The emperor's pleas for international support did take root in the United States, particularly among African-American organizations sympathetic to the Ethiopian cause.[96] In 1937, Haile Selassie was to give a Christmas Day radio address to the American people to thank his supporters when his taxi was involved in a traffic accident, leaving him with a fractured knee.[97] Rather than canceling the radio appearance, he proceeded in much pain to complete the address, in which he linked Christianity and goodwill with the Covenant of the League of Nations, and asserted that "War is not the only means to stop war":[97]

With the birth of the Son of God, an unprecedented, an unrepeatable, and a long-anticipated phenomenon occurred. He was born in a stable instead of a palace, in a manger instead of a crib. The hearts of the Wise men were struck by fear and wonder due to His Majestic Humbleness. The kings prostrated themselves before Him and worshipped Him. 'Peace be to those who have good will'. This became the first message.
...Although the toils of wise people may earn them respect, it is a fact of life that the spirit of the wicked continues to cast its shadow on this world. The arrogant are seen visibly leading their people into crime and destruction. The laws of the League of Nations are constantly violated and wars and acts of aggression repeatedly take place… So that the spirit of the cursed will not gain predominance over the human race whom Christ redeemed with his blood, all peace-loving people should cooperate to stand firm in order to preserve and promote lawfulness and peace.[97]

During this period, Haile Selassie suffered several personal tragedies. His two sons-in-law, Ras Desta Damtew and Dejazmach Beyene Merid, were both executed by the Italians.[94] The emperor's daughter, Princess Romanework, wife of Dejazmach Beyene Merid, was herself taken into captivity with her children, and she died in Italy in 1941.[98] His daughter Tsehai died during childbirth shortly after the restoration in 1942.[99]
After his return to Ethiopia, he donated Fairfield House to the city of Bath as a residence for the aged, until modified in the 1990s where it is now used as a day care centre.[100] Advanced negotiations are progressing for a community group to run the House to preserve and develop the House.
1940s and 1950s[edit]




Newspaper illustration drawn by Charles H. Alston for the U.S. Office of War Information Domestic Operations Branch News Bureau, 1943






Meeting with Crown Prince Akihito in 1955






Plaque commemorating the visit of Haile Selassie I to Mexico, 1954 - Etiopía Station, line 3 of the Mexico City Metro


British forces, which consisted primarily of Ethiopian-backed African and South African colonial troops under the "Gideon Force" of Colonel Orde Wingate, coordinated the military effort to liberate Ethiopia. The emperor himself issued several imperial proclamations in this period, demonstrating that, while authority was not divided up in any formal way, British military might and the emperor's populist appeal could be joined in the concerted effort to liberate Ethiopia.[95]
On 18 January 1941, during the East African Campaign, Haile Selassie crossed the border between Sudan and Ethiopia near the village of Um Iddla. The standard of the Lion of Judah was raised again. Two days later, he and a force of Ethiopian patriots joined Gideon Force which was already in Ethiopia and preparing the way.[101] Italy was defeated by a force of the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth of Nations, Free France, Free Belgium, and Ethiopian patriots. On 5 May 1941, Haile Selassie entered Addis Ababa and personally addressed the Ethiopian people, five years to the day since his 1936 exile:

Today is the day on which we defeated our enemy. Therefore, when we say let us rejoice with our hearts, let not our rejoicing be in any other way but in the spirit of Christ. Do not return evil for evil. Do not indulge in the atrocities which the enemy has been practicing in his usual way, even to the last.
Take care not to spoil the good name of Ethiopia by acts which are worthy of the enemy. We shall see that our enemies are disarmed and sent out the same way they came. As Saint George who killed the dragon is the Patron Saint of our army as well as of our allies, let us unite with our allies in everlasting friendship and amity in order to be able to stand against the godless and cruel dragon which has newly risen and which is oppressing mankind.[102]

On 27 August 1942, Haile Selassie abolished the legal basis of slavery throughout the empire and imposed severe penalties, including death, for slave trading.[103] After World War II, Ethiopia became a charter member of the United Nations. In 1948, the Ogaden, a region disputed with Somalia, was granted to Ethiopia.[104] On 2 December 1950, the UN General Assembly adopted Resolution 390 (V), establishing the federation of Eritrea (the former Italian colony) into Ethiopia.[105] Eritrea was to have its own constitution, which would provide for ethnic, linguistic, and cultural balance, while Ethiopia was to manage its finances, defense, and foreign policy.[105]
Despite his centralization policies that had been made before World War II, Haile Selassie still found himself unable to push for all the programs he wanted. In 1942, he attempted to institute a progressive tax scheme, but this failed due to opposition from the nobility, and only a flat tax was passed; in 1951, he agreed to reduce this as well.[106] Ethiopia was still "semi-feudal",[107] and the emperor's attempts to alter its social and economic form by reforming its modes of taxation met with resistance from the nobility and clergy, which were eager to resume their privileges in the postwar era.[106] Where Haile Selassie actually did succeed in effecting new land taxes, the burdens were often passed by the landowners to the peasants.[106] Despite his wishes, the tax burden remained primarily on the peasants.
Between 1941 and 1959, Haile Selassie worked to establish the autocephaly of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.[108] The Ethiopian Orthodox Church had been headed by the abuna, a bishop who answered to the Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. In 1942 and 1945 Haile Selassie applied to the Holy Synod of the Coptic Orthodox Church to establish the independence of Ethiopian bishops, and when his appeals were denied he threatened to sever relations with the Coptic Church of Alexandria.[108] Finally, in 1959, Pope Kyrillos VI elevated the Abuna to Patriarch-Catholicos.[108] The Ethiopian Church remained affiliated with the Alexandrian Church.[106] In addition to these efforts, Haile Selassie changed the Ethiopian church-state relationship by introducing taxation of church lands, and by restricting the legal privileges of the clergy, who had formerly been tried in their own courts for civil offenses.[106]
In keeping with the principle of collective security, for which he was an outspoken proponent, he sent a contingent under General Mulugueta Bulli, known as the Kagnew Battalion, to take part in the Korean War by supporting the United Nations Command. It was attached to the American 7th Infantry Division, and fought in a number of engagements including the Battle of Pork Chop Hill.[109] In a 1954 speech, the emperor spoke of Ethiopian participation in the Korean War as a redemption of the principles of collective security:

Nearly two decades ago, I personally assumed before history the responsibility of placing the fate of my beloved people on the issue of collective security, for surely, at that time and for the first time in world history, that issue was posed in all its clarity. My searching of conscience convinced me of the rightness of my course and if, after untold sufferings and, indeed, unaided resistance at the time of aggression, we now see the final vindication of that principle in our joint action in Korea, I can only be thankful that God gave me strength to persist in our faith until the moment of its recent glorious vindication.[110]





Haile Selassie, Emperor of Ethiopia, photographed during a radio broadcast


During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955, Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution,[111] whereby he retained effective power, while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body. Party politics were not provided for. Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire, and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization, tempered by Ethiopian traditions, and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state.
Haile Selassie compromised when practical with the traditionalists in the nobility and church. He also tried to improve relations between the state and ethnic groups, and granted autonomy to Afar lands that were difficult to control. Still, his reforms to end feudalism were slow and weakened by the compromises he made with the entrenched aristocracy. The Revised Constitution of 1955 has been criticized for reasserting "the indisputable power of the monarch" and maintaining the relative powerlessness of the peasants.[112]
Charitable gesture[edit]
He sent aid to the British government in 1947 when Britain was affected by heavy flooding. His letter to Lord Meork, National Distress Fund, London said, "even though We are busy of helping our people who didn't recover from the crises of the war, We heard that your fertile and beautiful country is devastated by the unusually heavy rain, and your request for aid. Therefore, We are sending small amount of money, about one thousand pounds through our embassy to show our sympathy and cooperation."[113]
He also left his home in exile, Fairfield House, Bath, to the City of Bath for the use of the Aged in 1959.
1960s[edit]


Haile Selassie








1st & 5th Chairman of the Organization of African Unity


In office
25 May 1963 – 17 July 1964


Succeeded by
Gamal Abdel Nasser


In office
5 November 1966 – 11 September 1967


Preceded by
Joseph Arthur Ankrah


Succeeded by
Joseph-Désiré Mobutu





Haile Selassie contributed Ethiopian troops to the United Nations Operation in the Congo peacekeeping force during the 1960 Congo Crisis, to preserve Congolese integrity, per United Nations Security Council Resolution 143. On 13 December 1960, while Haile Selassie was on a state visit to Brazil, his Imperial Guard forces staged an unsuccessful coup, briefly proclaiming Haile Selassie's eldest son Asfa Wossen as emperor. The coup d'état was crushed by the regular army and police forces. The coup attempt lacked broad popular support, was denounced by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, and was unpopular with the army, air force and police. Nonetheless, the effort to depose the emperor had support among students and the educated classes.[114] The coup attempt has been characterized as a pivotal moment in Ethiopian history, the point at which Ethiopians "for the first time questioned the power of the king to rule without the people's consent".[115] Student populations began to empathize with the peasantry and poor, and to advocate on their behalf.[115] The coup spurred Haile Selassie to accelerate reform, which was manifested in the form of land grants to military and police officials.
The emperor continued to be a staunch ally of the West, while pursuing a firm policy of decolonization in Africa, which was still largely under European colonial rule. The United Nations conducted a lengthy inquiry regarding the status of Eritrea, with the superpowers each vying for a stake in the state's future. Britain, the administrator at the time, suggested the partition of Eritrea between Sudan and Ethiopia, separating Christians and Muslims. The idea was instantly rejected by Eritrean political parties, as well as the UN.
A UN plebiscite voted 46 to 10 to have Eritrea be federated with Ethiopia, which was later stipulated on 2 December 1950 in resolution 390 (V). Eritrea would have its own parliament and administration and would be represented in what had been the Ethiopian parliament and would become the federal parliament.[116] Haile Selassie would have none of European attempts to draft a separate Constitution under which Eritrea would be governed, and wanted his own 1955 Constitution protecting families to apply in both Ethiopia and Eritrea. In 1961 the 30-year Eritrean Struggle for Independence began, followed by Haile Selassie's dissolution of the federation and shutting down of Eritrea's parliament.
In September 1961, Haile Selassie attended the Conference of Heads of State of Government of Non-Aligned Countries in Belgrade, FPR Yugoslavia. This is considered to be the founding conference of the Non-Aligned Movement.
In 1961, tensions between independence-minded Eritreans and Ethiopian forces culminated in the Eritrean War of Independence. The emperor declared Eritrea the fourteenth province of Ethiopia in 1962.[117] The war would continue for 30 years, as first Haile Selassie, then the Soviet-backed junta that succeeded him, attempted to retain Eritrea by force.
In 1963, Haile Selassie presided over the formation of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU), the precursor of the continent-wide African Union (AU). The new organization would establish its headquarters in Addis Ababa. In May of that year, Haile Selassie was elected as the OAU's first official chairperson, a rotating seat. Along with Modibo Keïta of Mali, the Ethiopian leader would later help successfully negotiate the Bamako Accords, which brought an end to the border conflict between Morocco and Algeria. In 1964, Haile Selassie would initiate the concept of the United States of Africa, a proposition later taken up by Muammar Gaddafi.[118]
On 4 October 1963, Haile Selassie addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations[119][120] referring in his address to his earlier speech to the League of Nations:

Twenty-seven years ago, as Emperor of Ethiopia, I mounted the rostrum in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the League of Nations and to appeal for relief from the destruction which had been unleashed against my defenceless nation, by the fascist invader. I spoke then both to and for the conscience of the world. My words went unheeded, but history testifies to the accuracy of the warning that I gave in 1936. Today, I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor. In this body is enshrined the principle of collective security which I unsuccessfully invoked at Geneva. Here, in this Assembly, reposes the best – perhaps the last – hope for the peaceful survival of mankind.[121]

On 25 November 1963, the emperor was among other heads of state, including France's President Charles de Gaulle, who traveled to Washington D.C. and attended the funeral of assassinated President John F. Kennedy.
In 1966, Haile Selassie attempted to create a modern, progressive tax[citation needed] that included registration of land, which would significantly weaken the nobility. Even with alterations, this law led to a revolt in Gojjam, which was repressed although enforcement of the tax was abandoned. The revolt, having achieved its design in undermining the tax, encouraged other landowners to defy Haile Selassie.




Haile Selassie on a state visit to Washington, 1963


While he had fully approved of, and assured Ethiopia's participation in, UN-approved collective security operations, including Korea and Congo, Haile Selassie drew a distinction with the non-UN approved foreign intervention in Indochina, and consistently deplored it as needless suffering, calling for the Vietnam War to end on several occasions. At the same time he remained open toward the United States and commended it for making progress with African Americans' Civil Rights legislation in the 1950s and 1960s, while visiting the US several times during these years.
In 1967, He visited Montreal, Canada to open the Ethiopian Pavilion at the Expo '67 World's Fair where he received great acclaim amongst other World leaders there for the occasion.
Student unrest became a regular feature of Ethiopian life in the 1960s and 1970s. Marxism took root in large segments of the Ethiopian intelligentsia, particularly among those who had studied abroad and had thus been exposed to radical and left-wing sentiments that were becoming popular in other parts of the globe.[114] Resistance by conservative elements at the Imperial Court and Parliament, and by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, made Haile Selassie's land reform proposals difficult to implement, and also damaged the standing of the government, costing Haile Selassie much of the goodwill he had once enjoyed. This bred resentment among the peasant population. Efforts to weaken unions also hurt his image. As these issues began to pile up, Haile Selassie left much of domestic governance to his Prime Minister, Aklilu Habte Wold, and concentrated more on foreign affairs.
1970s[edit]




Haile Selassie I in Toledo (Spain) in April 1971. Picture by Eduardo Butragueño.


Outside of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie continued to enjoy enormous prestige and respect. As the longest-serving head of state in power, he was often given precedence over other leaders at state events, such as the state funerals of John F. Kennedy and Charles de Gaulle, the summits of the Non-Aligned Movement, and the 1971 celebration of the 2,500 years of the Persian Empire. In 1970 he visited Italy as a guest of President Giuseppe Saragat, and in Milan he met Giordano Dell'Amore, President of Italian Savings Banks Association. He visited China in October 1971, and was the first foreign head of state to meet Mao Zedong following the death of Mao's designated successor Lin Biao in a plane crash in Mongolia.
Human rights in Ethiopia under Selassie's regime were poor. Civil liberties and political rights were low with Freedom House giving Ethiopia a "Not Free" score for both civil liberties and political rights in the last years of Selassie's rule.[122] Common human right abuses included imprisonment and torture of political prisoners and very poor prison conditions.[9] The Ethiopian army also carried out a number of these atrocities while fighting the Eritrean separatists. This was due to a policy of destroying Eritrean villages that supported the rebels. There were a number of mass killings of hundreds of civilians during the war in the late 1960s and early '70s.[123][124][125][126]
Wollo famine[edit]
Famine—mostly in Wollo, north-eastern Ethiopia, as well as in some parts of Tigray—is estimated to have killed 40,000 to 80,000 Ethiopians[8][127] between 1972 and 1974. A BBC News report[128] has cited a 1973 estimate that 200,000 deaths occurred, based on a contemporaneous estimate from the Ethiopian Nutrition Institute. While this figure is still repeated in some texts and media sources, it was an estimate that was later found to be "over-pessimistic".[130] Although the region is infamous for recurrent crop failures and continuous food shortage and starvation risk, this episode was remarkably severe. A 1973 production of the ITV programme The Unknown Famine by Jonathan Dimbleby.[131][132] relied on the unverified estimate of 200,000 dead,[128][133] stimulating a massive influx of aid while at the same time destabilizing Haile Selassie's regime.[127] Against that background, a group of dissident army officers instigated a creeping coup against the emperor's faltering regime. To guard against a public backlash in favour of Haile Selassie (who was still widely revered), they contrived to obtain a copy of The Unknown Famine which they intercut with images of Africa's grand old man presiding at a wedding feast in the grounds of his palace. Retitled The Hidden Hunger, it was shown round the clock on Ethiopian television to coincide with the day that they finally summoned the nerve to seize the emperor himself.[134]




The 1973 oil crisis, the severity of which is demonstrated by this graph, hit Ethiopia amidst a devastating famine, compounding its effect and undermining support for the emperor.[112]


Some reports suggest that the emperor was unaware of the extent of the famine,[128] while others assert that he was well aware of it.[135][136] In addition to the exposure of attempts by corrupt local officials to cover up the famine from the imperial government, the Kremlin's depiction of Haile Selassie's Ethiopia as backwards and inept (relative to the purported utopia of Marxism-Leninism) contributed to the popular uprising that led to its downfall and the rise of Mengistu Haile Mariam.[137] The famine and its image in the media undermined popular support of the government, and Haile Selassie's once unassailable personal popularity fell.[138]
The crisis was exacerbated by military mutinies and high oil prices, the latter a result of the 1973 oil crisis. The international economic crisis triggered by the oil crisis caused the costs of imported goods, gasoline, and food to skyrocket, while unemployment spiked.[112]
Revolution[edit]
In February 1974, four days of serious riots in Addis Ababa against a sudden economic inflation left five dead. The emperor responded by announcing on national television a reduction in petrol prices and a freeze on the cost of basic commodities. This calmed the public, but the promised 33% military wage hike was not substantial enough to pacify the army, which then mutinied, beginning in Asmara and spreading throughout the empire. This mutiny led to the resignation of Prime Minister Aklilu Habte-Wold on 27 February 1974.[139] Haile Selassie again went on television to agree to the army's demands for still greater pay, and named Endelkachew Makonnen as his new Prime Minister. Despite Endalkatchew's many concessions, discontent continued in March with a four-day general strike that paralyzed the nation.
Imprisonment[edit]




The deposition of Emperor Haile Selassie I (above rear window) from the Jubilee Palace on 12 September 1974, marking the coup d'état's action on that day and the assumption of power by the Derg.


The Derg, a committee of low-ranking military officers and enlisted men, set up in June to investigate the military's demands, took advantage of the government's disarray to depose Haile Selassie on 12 September 1974. General Aman Mikael Andom, a Protestant of Eritrean origin,[139] served briefly as provisional head of state pending the return of Crown Prince Asfa Wossen, who was then receiving medical treatment abroad. Haile Selassie was placed under house arrest briefly at the 4th Army Division in Addis Ababa,[139] while most of his family was detained at the late Duke of Harar's residence in the north of the capital. The last months of the emperor's life were spent in imprisonment, in the Grand Palace.[140] Reportedly, his mental condition was such that he believed he was still Emperor of Ethiopia.[141]
Later, most of the imperial family was imprisoned in the Addis Ababa prison Kerchele, also known as "Alem Bekagne", or "I've had Enough of This World". On 23 November 1974, sixty former high officials of the imperial government were executed without trial.[142] The executed included Haile Selassie's grandson and two former Prime Ministers.[140] These killings, known to Ethiopians as "Bloody Saturday", were condemned by Crown Prince Asfa Wossen; the Derg responded to his rebuke by revoking its acknowledgment of his imperial legitimacy, and announcing the end of the Solomonic dynasty.[142]
Death and interment[edit]
On 28 August 1975, the state media reported that the "ex-monarch" Haile Selassie had died on 27 August of "respiratory failure" following complications from a prostate examination followed up by a prostate operation.[143] His doctor, Asrat Woldeyes, denied that complications had occurred and rejected the government version of his death.[citation needed] Some imperial loyalists believed that the emperor had in fact been assassinated, and this belief remains widely held to this day.[144] One western correspondent in Ethiopia at the time commented, "While it is not known what actually happened, there are strong indications that no efforts were made to save him. It is unlikely that he was actually killed. Such rumors were bound to arise no matter what happened, given the atmosphere of suspicion and distrust prevailing in Addis Ababa at the time."[145]
The Soviet-backed Derg fell in 1991. In 1992, the emperor's bones were found under a concrete slab on the palace grounds;[144] some reports suggest that his remains were discovered beneath a latrine.[146] For almost a decade thereafter, as Ethiopian courts attempted to sort out the circumstances of his death, his coffin rested in Bhata Church, near his great-uncle Menelik II's resting place.[147] On 5 November 2000, Haile Selassie was given an imperial-style funeral by the Ethiopian Orthodox church. The post-communist government refused calls to declare the ceremony an official imperial funeral.[147]
Although such prominent Rastafari figures as Rita Marley and others participated in the grand funeral, most Rastafari rejected the event and refused to accept that the bones were the remains of Haile Selassie. There remains some debate within the Rastafari movement whether Haile Selassie actually died in 1975.[148]
Descendants[edit]




Prince Makonnen, son of Haile Selassie I.


By Menen Asfaw, Haile Selassie had six children: Princess Tenagnework, Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen, Princess Tsehai, Princess Zenebework, Prince Makonnen, and Prince Sahle Selassie.
There is some controversy as to the motherhood of Haile Selassie's eldest daughter, Princess Romanework. While the living members of the royal family state that Romanework is the eldest daughter of Empress Menen,[149] it has been asserted that Princess Romanework is actually the daughter of a previous union of the emperor with Woizero Altayech.[150] This may be a nickname she used, as nobleman Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos, a contemporary source prominent in both the Imperial Court and the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church names her as Woizero Woinetu Amede. The emperor's own autobiography makes no mention of this previous marriage or having fathered children with anyone other than Empress Menen, although he mentions the death of this daughter in captivity at Turin. Other sources such as Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos mentions Princess Romanework's mother Woizero Woinetu Amede as attending the wedding of her daughter to Dejazmatch Beyene Merid in a first hand account in his book about the years before the Italian occupation.
Prince Asfaw Wossen was first married to Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum and then following their divorce to Princess Medferiashwork Abebe. Prince Makonnen was married to Princess Sara Gizaw. Prince Sahle Selassie was married to Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam. Princess Romanework married Dejazmatch Beyene Merid. Princess Tenagnework first married Ras Desta Damtew, and after she was widowed later married Ras Andargachew Messai. Princess Zenebework married Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Gugsa. Princess Tsehai married Lt. General Abiye Abebe.


Name
Birth
Death
Spouse
Children


Princess Romanework
Circa 1909
14 October 1941
Dejazmatch Beyene Merid
Dejazmatch Merid Beyene
Dejazmatch Samson Beyene
Lij Getachew Beyene
Lij Gideon Beyene


Princess Tenagnework
12 January 1912
6 April 2003
1st Ras Desta Damtew
2nd Ras Andargatchew Messai
Princess Aida Desta
Prince Amha Desta
Princess Seble Desta
Rear Admiral Prince Iskinder Desta
Princess Hirut Desta
Princess Sophia Desta
Emebet Tsige Mariam Abebe Retta
Emebet Mentewab Andargatchew(died in childhood)


Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
27 July 1916
17 February 1997
1st Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum
2nd Princess Medferiashwork Abebe
Princess Ijigayehu
Princess Maryam Senna
Princess Sehin Azebe
Princess Sifrash Bizu
Crown Prince Zera Yacob


Princess Zenebework
25 July 1918
25 March 1933
Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Guglsa



Princess Tsehai
13 October 1919
17 August 1942
Lt. General Abiye Abebe



Prince Makonnen Duke of Harrar
16 October 1923
13 May 1957
Princess Sara Gizaw Duchess of Harrar
Prince Paul Wossen Seged Makonnen Duke of Harrar
Prince Mikael Makonnen
Prince Tefferi Makonnen
Prince Dawit Makonnen (or Makonnen Makonnen)
Prince Beede Mariam Makonnen


Prince Sahle Selassie
27 February 1931
24 April 1962
Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam
Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie


Rastafari messiah[edit]


“
…Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
”


—  Psalms 68:31




Rastafari





Main doctrines







Jah
Ital






Zion
Cannabis use







Central figures







Haile Selassie I
Jesus






Menen Asfaw
Marcus Garvey







Key scriptures







Bible
Kebra Nagast






My Life and Ethiopia's Progress






The Promise Key
Holy Piby




Royal Parchment Scroll
of Black Supremacy





Branches







Mansions
in the U.S.






Bobo Ashanti
Nyabinghi



Twelve Tribes of Israel




Festivals







Shashamane
Grounation Day



Reasoning




Notable individuals




Leonard Howell
Joseph Hibbert
Archibald Dunkley
Mortimer Planno
Vernon Carrington
Charles Edwards
Bob Marley
Peter Tosh




See also







Vocabulary
Persecution






Dreadlocks
Reggae



Roots reggae
Lion of Judah
Ethiopian Christianity
Chalice
Index of Rastafari articles







v
t
e





Today, Haile Selassie is worshipped as God incarnate[151] among followers of the Rastafari movement (taken from Haile Selassie's pre-imperial name Ras—meaning Head, a title equivalent to Duke—Tafari Makonnen), which emerged in Jamaica during the 1930s under the influence of Marcus Garvey's "Pan Africanism" movement. He is viewed as the messiah who will lead the peoples of Africa and the African diaspora to freedom.[152] His official titles are Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah and King of Kings of Ethiopia and Elect of God, and his traditional lineage is thought to be from Solomon and Sheba.[153] These notions are perceived by Rastafari as confirmation of the return of the messiah in the prophetic Book of Revelation in the New Testament: King of Kings, Lord of Lords, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, and Root of David. Rastafari faith in the incarnate divinity of Haile Selassie[154] began after news reports of his coronation reached Jamaica,[155] particularly via the two Time magazine articles on the coronation the week before and the week after the event. Haile Selassie's own perspectives permeate the philosophy of the movement.[155][156]
In 1961, the Jamaican government sent a delegation composed of both Rastafari and non-Rastafari leaders to Ethiopia to discuss the matter of repatriation, among other issues, with the emperor. He reportedly told the Rastafari delegation (which included Mortimer Planno), "Tell the Brethren to be not dismayed, I personally will give my assistance in the matter of repatriation."[157]
Haile Selassie visited Jamaica on 21 April 1966, and approximately one hundred thousand Rastafari from all over Jamaica descended on Palisadoes Airport in Kingston,[155] having heard that the man whom they considered to be their messiah was coming to visit them. Spliffs[158] and chalices[159] were openly[160] smoked, causing "a haze of ganja smoke" to drift through the air.[161][162][163] Haile Selassie arrived at the airport but was unable to come down the mobile steps of the airplane, as the crowd rushed the tarmac. He then returned into the plane, disappearing for several more minutes. Finally, Jamaican authorities were obliged to request Ras Mortimer Planno, a well-known Rasta leader, to climb the steps, enter the plane, and negotiate the emperor's descent.[164] Planno re-emerged and announced to the crowd: "The Emperor has instructed me to tell you to be calm. Step back and let the Emperor land".[165] This day is widely held by scholars to be a major turning point for the movement,[166][167][168] and it is still commemorated by Rastafari as Grounation Day, the anniversary of which is celebrated as the second holiest holiday after 2 November, the emperor's Coronation Day.
From then on, as a result of Planno's actions, the Jamaican authorities were asked to ensure that Rastafari representatives were present at all state functions attended by the emperor,[167][168] and Rastafari elders also ensured that they obtained a private audience with the emperor,[167] where he reportedly told them that they should not emigrate to Ethiopia until they had first liberated the people of Jamaica. This dictum came to be known as "liberation before repatriation".
Haile Selassie defied expectations of the Jamaican authorities[169] and never rebuked the Rastafari for their belief in him as the returned Jesus. Instead, he presented the movement's faithful elders with gold medallions – the only recipients of such an honor on this visit.[170][171] During PNP leader (later Jamaican Prime Minister) Michael Manley's visit to Ethiopia in October 1969, the emperor allegedly still recalled his 1966 reception with amazement, and stated that he felt that he had to be respectful of their beliefs.[172] This was the visit when Manley received the Rod of Correction or Rod of Joshua as a present from the emperor, which is thought to have helped him to win the 1972 election in Jamaica.
Rita Marley, Bob Marley's wife, converted to the Rastafari faith after seeing Haile Selassie on his Jamaican trip. She claimed in interviews (and in her book No Woman, No Cry) that she saw a stigmata print on the palm of Haile Selassie's hand as he waved to the crowd which resembled the markings on Christ's hands from being nailed to the cross—a claim that was not supported by other sources, but was used as evidence for her and other Rastafari to suggest that Haile Selassie I was indeed their messiah.[173] She was also influential in the conversion of Bob Marley, who then became internationally recognized. As a result, Rastafari became much better known throughout much of the world.[174] Bob Marley's posthumously released song "Iron Lion Zion" refers to Haile Selassie.
Question of his divinity[edit]
In a 1967 recorded interview Haile Selassie appeared to deny his alleged divinity. In the interview Bill McNeil says: "there are millions of Christians throughout the world, your Imperial Majesty, who regard you as the reincarnation of Jesus Christ." Selassie replied in his native language:

I have heard of that idea. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I will be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that a human being is emanated from a deity.[175]

For many Rastafari the CBC interview is not interpreted as a denial of his divinity, and according to Robert Earl Hood, Haile Selassie neither denied nor affirmed his divinity either way.[176] In Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music, Kevin Chang and Wayne Chen note

It's often said, though no definite date is ever cited, that Haile Selassie himself denied his divinity. Former senator and Gleaner editor, Hector Wynter, tells of asking him, during his visit to Jamaica in 1966, when he was going to tell Rastafari he was not God. "Who am I to disturb their belief?" replied the emperor.[169]

After his return to Ethiopia, he dispatched Archbishop Abuna Yesehaq Mandefro to the Caribbean to help draw Rastafari and other West Indians to the Ethiopian church and, according to some sources, denied his divinity.[177][178][179][180]
In 1948, Haile Selassie donated a piece of land at Shashamane, 250 km south of Addis Ababa, for the use of people of African descent from the West Indies. Numerous Rastafari families settled there and still live as a community to this day.[181]
Biographical film[edit]
In 2008 a full-length feature film, Man of the Millennium, was produced by an Ethiopian film-maker Tikher Teferra Kidane of Exodus Films, in collaboration with an Alaskan TV station Tanana Valley TV and 4th Avenue Films.[182]
Quotations[edit]

A house built on granite and strong foundations, not even the onslaught of pouring rain, gushing torrents and strong winds will be able to pull down. Some people have written the story of my life representing as truth what in fact derives from ignorance, error or envy; but they cannot shake the truth from its place, even if they attempt to make others believe it.
— Preface to My Life and Ethiopia's Progress, Autobiography of H.I.M. Haile Selassie I (English translation)


That until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned: That until there are no longer first-class and second-class citizens of any nation; That until the color of a man's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes; That until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race; That until that day, the dream of lasting peace and world citizenship and the rule of international morality will remain but a fleeting illusion, to be pursued but never attained and until the ignoble but unhappy regimes that hold our brothers in Angola, in Mozambique, and in South Africa in subhuman bondage have been toppled and destroyed; until bigotry and prejudice and malicious and inhuman self-interest have been replaced by understanding and tolerance and goodwill; until all Africans stand and speak as free human beings, equal in the eyes of the Almighty; until that day, the African continent shall not know peace. We Africans will fight if necessary and we know that we shall win as we are confident in the victory of good over evil.
— English translation of 1963 Speech delivered to the United Nations and popularized in a song called "War" by Bob Marley.


Our attitude to the Somalis who belong to the same race as the Ethiopian people and share with them a common history, has always been crystal clear.
— April 5, 1958 Interview with BBC


Apart from the Kingdom of the Lord there is not on this earth any nation that is superior to any other. Should it happen that a strong Government finds it may with impunity destroy a weak people, then the hour strikes for that weak people to appeal to the League of Nations to give its judgment in all freedom. God and history will remember your judgment.
— Address to the League of Nations, 1936.


We have finished the job. What shall we do with the tools?
— Telegram to Winston Churchill, 1941.


Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted; the indifference of those who should have known better; the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most; that has made it possible for evil to triumph.


Today I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor.
— In a speech to the United Nations.


Misguided people sometimes create misguided ideas. Some of my ancestors were Oromo. How can I colonize myself?
— in response to accusations by dissidents


I have heard of that idea [i.e., of Haile Selassie being the reincarnation of Jesus Christ]. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I would be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that the human being is emanated from a deity."
— Interview with Bill McNeil.


A qualified man with vision, unmoved by daily selfish interests, will be led to right decisions by his conscience. In general, a man who knows from whence he comes and where he is going will co-operate with his fellow human beings. He will not be satisfied with merely doing his ordinary duties but will inspire others by his good example. You are being watched by the nation and you should realize that you will satisfy it if you do good; but if, on the contrary, you do evil, it will lose its hope and its confidence in you."
— 2 July 1963 – University Graduation

Title as emperor[edit]

2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974: His Imperial Majesty the King of Kings of Ethiopia, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, Elect of God.

Honours[edit]
National orders[edit]

 Chief Commander of the Order of the Star of Ethiopia (1909)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Solomon (1930)[184]
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Seal of Solomon[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Queen of Sheba[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Holy Trinity (Ethiopia)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Menelik II[183]

Foreign orders[edit]


 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) (United Kingdom, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown of Italy (Kingdom of Italy, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus (Kingdom of Italy, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Redeemer (Kingdom of Greece, 19 August 1924)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (Belgium, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau (Luxembourg, 25 May 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Legion d'Honneur (France, 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Tower and Sword (Portugal, 1925)
 Knight of the Order of the Most Holy Annunciation (Kingdom of Italy, 1928)
 Royal Victorian Chain (United Kingdom, 1930)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1930)
 Collar of the Order of Muhammad Ali (Kingdom of Egypt, 1930)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion (Netherlands, 1930)
 Knight of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland, 1930)
 Croix de guerre 1939–1945 with a bronze palm (France, 1945)
 Chief Commander of the Legion of Merit (USA, 1945)
 Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of St. Olav (Norway, 1949)
 Yugoslav Great Star (Yugoslavia, 1954)
 Medal of Military Merit 1st Class (Kingdom of Greece, 28 October 1954)
 Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany, 1954)
 Military Medal (France, 1954)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Military William Order (Netherlands, 3 November 1954)[185]
 Honorary Knight of the Order of the Garter (KG) (United Kingdom, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Elephant (RE) (Denmark, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Seraphim (RSerafO) (Sweden, 1954)
 Collar of the Order of the Aztec Eagle (Mexico, 1954)
 Grand Star of the Order of Merit of the Austrian Republic (Austria, 1954)
Honorary Citizen of Belgrade (Yugoslavia, 1954)[186]
 Member of the Order of Merit for National Foundation, the "Order of the Republic of Korea" grade (South Korea, 1955)
 Knight Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (Italy, 1955)
 Collar of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1956)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Vietnam (South Vietnam, 1958)
Grand Commander of the Order of Truth (Burma, 1958)
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Southern Cross (Brazil, 1958)
 Star of the Republic of Indonesia, 1st Class (Indonesia, 1958)
 Hilal-i-Pakistan, 1st Class (Pakistan, 1958)
 Knight of the Order of the Royal House of Chakri (Thailand, 1958)
 Riband of the Three Military (Order Of Christ, Order of Saint Benedict of Aviz, and Order of St. James of the Sword) (Portugal, 1959)
 Korean War Service Medal (South Korea, 1959)
 1st Class of the Order of Suvorov (USSR, 1959)
Grand Cross of the Order of the Somali Star (Somalia)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Nile (Egypt, 22 May 1963)
 Commander of the Order of the Shield and Spears (Buganda, 1964)
 Grand Collar of the Order of Pahlavi (Iran, 1964)
 Star of the People's Republic of Romania (Romania, 1964)
 Member 1st Class with Diamonds of the Order of the Flag of the Republic of Hungary (Hungary, 1964)
Jamaica Kings House Honouree (Jamaica, 1966)
 Collar of the National Order of Honour and Merit (Haiti, 1966)
 Necklace of the Order of Jean-Jacques Dessalines the Great (Haiti, 1966)[187]
 Grand Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (Poland, 1967)
 Honorary Recipient of the Order of the Crown of the Realm (D.M.N.) (Malaysia, 21 May 1968)
 Companion of the Order of the Star of Ghana (CSG) (Ghana, 1970)
 Collar of the Order of Pius IX (Holy See, 1970)
 Knight Collar of the Order of Charles III (Spain, 27 April 1971)[188]
 Commemorative Medal of the 2500th Anniversary of the founding of the Persian Empire (Iran, 14 October 1971)[189]
Honorary Citizen of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Yugoslavia, 1972)[190]
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator General San Martín (Argentina)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Dahomey (Benin)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Condor of the Andes (Bolivia)
 Order of Valour (Cameroon)
 Order of Central African Merit (Central African Republic)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Chad (Republic of Chad)
 Collar of the Order of Merit (Chile)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Merit (Congo)
 Order of the White Lion 1st Class with Collar (Czechoslovakia)
 Collar of the Order of the White Rose (Finland)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Equatorial Star (Gabon)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Guinea)
 Grand Order of the Hashemites (Kingdom of Iraq)
 Order of al-Hussein bin Ali (Jordan)
 Grand Chief of the Order of the Golden Heart (Kenya)
 Extraordinary Grade of the Order of Merit (Lebanon)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Pioneers of Liberia (Liberia)
 Order of Idris I (Libya)
 Grand Cordon of the National Order of Madagascar (Madagascar)
 Order of the Lion (Malawi)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Mali (Mali)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Mauritania)
Order of Muhammad (Morocco)
 Grand Cross of the National Order (Niger)
 Order of the Federal Republic (Nigeria)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru (Peru)
 Raja of the Order of Sikatuna (Philippines)
 Order of Abdulaziz al Saud, 1st Class (Saudi Arabia)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Lion (Senegal)
 Cordon of Honour (Sudan)
 Order of Umayyad (Syria)
 Special Grade of the Order of Propitious Clouds (Taiwan)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Mono (Togo)
 Order of Independence (Tunisia)
 Order of the Source of the Nile (Uganda)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Upper Volta (Republic of Upper Volta)
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator (Venezuela)
 Collar of the National Order of the Leopard (Zaire)
 Collar of the Order of the Eagle of Zambia (Zambia)


Ancestry[edit]


Ancestors of Haile Selassie







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

8. Dejazmach Wolde Malakot Yamana Krestos

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

4. Dejazmach Wolde Mikael Gudessa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

9. Woizero Kalama Worq

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

2. Ras Mäkonnen Wäldä-Mika'él Guddisa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Meridazmach Wossen Seged



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Meridazmach Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Woizero Zenebework



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Immabet Tenagnework Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22.



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Woizero Yimegnushal Ayele

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Etalemahu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

6. Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar of Woreilu

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

3. Woizero Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

14. Ato Yimeru of Gurage

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

7. Immabet-Hoy Walatta Ihata Giyorgis Yimeru

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

15. Woizero Araza-Aregai

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






















Military ranks[edit]
Haile Selassie held the following ranks:[191]

Field Marshal, Imperial Ethiopian Army
Admiral of the Fleet, Imperial Ethiopian Navy
Marshal of the Imperial Ethiopian Air Force
Field Marshal, British Army, 20 January 1965[192]

Popular culture[edit]

William Saroyan wrote a short story about him entitled The Lion of Judah in his 1971 book, Letters from 74 rue Taitbout or Don't Go But If You Must Say Hello To Everybody.
His name is often called out in vain by Hermes Conrad, a Rastafarian Accountant from the show Futurama
Featured as a playable leader in the computer strategy game Civilization V: Brave New World
Rex Stewart, a jazz cornetist, thought about Haile Selassie when he was creating a tune named Menelik (The Lion of Juda) which was recorded in 1941.

See also[edit]

Black Lions
Desta Damtew
List of people who have been considered deities

Notes[edit]
Footnotes[edit]



^ Translates to "Power of the Trinity".[1]
^ Pronounced in English as /ˈhaɪli səˈlæsi/ or /səˈlɑːsi/.[2][3]
^ Ge'ez ግርማዊ ቀዳማዊ አፄ ኃይለ ሥላሴ ሞዓ አንበሳ ዘእምነገደ ይሁዳ ንጉሠ ነገሥት ዘኢትዮጵያ ሰዩመ እግዚአብሔር; girmāwī ḳedāmāwī 'aṣē ḫayle śillāsē, mō'ā 'anbessā ze'imneggede yihudā niguse negest ze'ītyōṗṗyā, siyume 'igzī'a'bihēr.[citation needed]
^ Bālemulu literally means "fully empowered" or "wholly authorised", thus distinguishing it from the general use of Enderase, that being a representative or lieutenant of the Emperor to fiefs or vassals, essentially a Governor-General or Viceroy, by which term provincial governors in the contemporary Imperial period, during Haile Selassie's reign, were referred.[citation needed]
^ Balcha Safo brought an army of ten thousand with him from Sidamo.[37]
^ Balcha Safo's personal bodyguard numbered about five hundred.[37]



Citations[edit]


^ Gates, Henry Louis and Appiah, Anthony, Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience. 1999, p. 902.
^ "Haile Selassie", Merriam-webster, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Haile Selassie", Dictionary, Reference, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ Page, Melvin Eugene; Sonnenburg, Penny M. (2003). Colonialism: an international, social, cultural, and political encyclopedia. 1. ABC-CLIO. p. 247. ISBN 978-1-57607-335-3. 
^ a b Safire 1997, pp. 297–8.
^ Karsh, Efraim (1988), Neutrality and Small States. Routledge. ISBN 0-41500507-8, p. 112.
^ Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs. ISBN 1-58648398-6, pp. 212–13.
^ a b c Rebellion and Famine in the North under Haile Selassie (PDF), Human Rights Watch .
^ a b Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998), "Feeding on Ethiopia's Famine", The Independent, UK .
^ "Rastafarian", Major religions ranked by size, Adherents .
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Sullivan, Michael, C. (2005), In Search of a Perfect World. Author House. ISBN 1-42084161-0, p. 86.
^ Erlich, Haggai (2002), The Cross and the River: Ethiopia, Egypt, and the Nile. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587970-5, p. 192.
^ Murrell, p. 148
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia dies at 83", The New York Times .
^ a b Murrell, pp. 172–3.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xiii.
^ "Haile Selasie: 40 year anniversary of his death". African calendar. Africa Media Online. 
^ Roberts, Neil (11 February 2015). Freedom as Marronage. University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 9780226201047. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ Murrell, p. 159.
^ Lee V. (1983, July), "The Roots of Rastafari", Yoga Journal No. 51. ISSN 0191-0965, p. 18
^ Ghai, Yash P. (2000), Autonomy and Ethnicity: Negotiating Competing Claims in Multi-Ethnic States. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52178642-8, p. 176.
^ a b Kasuka, Bridgette (2012). Prominent African Leaders Since Independence. Bankole Kamara Taylor. p. 19. ISBN 1-47004358-0. 
^ "Shoa 3". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ a b de Moor, Jaap and Wesseling, H. L. (1989), Imperialism and War: Essays on Colonial Wars in Asia and Africa. Brill. ISBN 9004088342, p. 189.
^ a b Woodward, Peter (1994), Conflict and Peace in the Horn of Africa: federalism and its alternatives. Dartmouth Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85521486-5, p. 29.
^ Shinn, p. 265.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xii.
^ a b c Shinn, pp. 193–4.
^ a b Roberts, p. 712.
^ a b White, pp. 34–5.
^ "Modern era". History of Ethiopia. Solomonic crown heraldry. Archived from the original on 26 September 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ Mockler, p. 387.
^ Lentakis, Michael B. (2004), Ethiopia: Land of the Lotus Eaters. Janus Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85756558-4, p. 41.
^ a b Shinn, p. 228.
^ Marcus, p. 126.
^ a b c d e Marcus, p. 127.
^ Marcus, Harold (1996), Haile Selassie I: The formative years, 1892–1936. Trenton: Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902007-8, pp. 36ff.
^ Clarence-Smith, W. G. The Economics of the Indian Ocean Slave Trade in the Nineteenth Century. 1989, p. 103.
^ Miers, Twentieth Century Solutions of the Abolition of Slavery (PDF), Yale .
^ Brody, J. Kenneth (2000). The Avoidable War. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-76580498-0. p. 209.
^ Marcus, p. 123.
^ Gates and Appiah, Africana (1999), p. 698.
^ Rogers, Joel Augustus (1936). The Real Facts about Ethiopia. p. 27.
^ a b c Mockler, pp. 3–4.
^ ETHIOPIAN RULER WINS PLAUDITS OF PARISIANS, The New York Times. 17 May 1924.
^ ETHIOPIAN ROYALTIES DON SHOES IN CAIRO, The New York Times. 5 May 1924.
^ Mockler, p. 4.
^ Nidel, Richard (2005), World Music: The Basics. Routledge. ISBN 0415968003, p. 56.
^ a b Roberts, p. 723.
^ Marcus, p. 129.
^ Mockler, p. 8.
^ Marcus, pp. 127–28.
^ Roberts, p. 724.
^ Sorenson, John (2001). Ghosts and Shadows: Construction of Identity and Community in an African Diaspora. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-80208331-5 p. 34.
^ Brockman, Norbert C. (1994), An African Biographical Dictionary. ABC-CLIO. ISBN 0-87436748-4, p. 381.
^ Henze, Paul B. (2000), Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia. C. Hurst & Co. Publishers. ISBN 1-85065393-3, p. 205.
^ a b Mockler, p. 12.
^ Abyssinian ruler honors Americans. The New York Times. 24 October 1930.
^ Wallace, Irving (1965). "Everybody's Rover Boy", p. 113 in The Sunday Gentleman. New York: Simon & Schuster.
^ "Emperor is Crowned in Regal Splendor at African Capital". The New York Times. 3 November 1930.
^ ABYSSINIA'S GUESTS RECEIVE COSTLY GIFTS. The New York Times. 12 November 1930.
^ "Emperor of Ethiopia Honors Bishop Freeman; Sends Gold-Encased Bible and Cross for Prayer". The New York Times. 27 January 1931.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 17.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 22.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020515, p. 22.
^ Mockler, p. 61.
^ a b Carlton, Eric (1992), Occupation: The Policies and Practices of Military Conquerors. Taylor & Francis. ISBN 0-20314346-9, pp. 88–9.
^ a b Vandervort, Bruce (1998), Wars of Imperial Conquest in Africa, 1830–1914. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-25321178-6, p. 158.
^ Churchill, Winston (1986). The Second World War. p. 165.
^ Chapter 35 – We proclaim mobilization at the Wayback Machine (archived 11 June 2009) in Words of RasTafarI, Haile Selassie I. Jah-rastafari. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Baudendistel, Rainer (2006), Between Bombs And Good Intentions: The Red Cross And the Italo-Ethiopian War. Berghahn Books. ISBN 1-84545035-3, p. 168.
^ Young, John (1997), Peasant Revolution in Ethiopia. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52102606-7, p. 51.
^ Garvey, Marcus, The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers. 1991, p. 685.
^ Mockler, p. 123.
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 62.
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 132
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 72.
^ Moseley, Ray (1999), Mussolini's Shadow: The Double Life of Count Galeazzo Ciano. Yale University Press. ISBN 0-30007917-6, p. 27.
^ Jarrett-Macauley, Delia (1998), The Life of Una Marson, 1905–65, Manchester University Press, ISBN 0-71905284-X, pp. 102–3.
^ Safire 1997, p. 318.
^ Ferraro, Vincent. "Haile Selassie, "Appeal to the League of Nations", June 1936". Mtholyoke. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Man of the Year", Time (magazine), 6 January 1936 .
^ Time 1937.
^ Elleray, D. Robert (1998). A Millennium Encyclopaedia of Worthing History. Worthing: Optimus Books. p. 119. ISBN 0-9533132-0-4. 
^ Selassie at Wimbledon, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society, Summer 2006, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Exiled emperor at home in hotel". Malvern Gazette. 18 October 2002. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor's life in town is recalled in BBC film". Malvern Gazette. 14 February 2003. Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "'Princesses were my school chums'". Malvern Gazette. Newsquest Media Group. 5 May 2006. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor will be remembered as part of civic week". Malvern Gazette. 6 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Civic week to be launched with ceremony". Malvern Gazette. 21 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 11–2..
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 26–27..
^ a b Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 25.
^ a b Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004), Ethiopia: A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-41911857-9, pp. 60–61.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 27.
^ a b c Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 40–42.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 170.
^ Shinn, p. 3.
^ Haber, Lutz, The Emperor Haile Selassie I in Bath 1936–1940, Occasional papers, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society .
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 156.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 165.
^ Hinks, Peter P.; McKivigan, John R. and Williams, R. Owen (2007). Encyclopedia of Antislavery and Abolition, Greenwood Publishing Group, p. 248. ISBN 0-313-33143-X.
^ Shinn, p. 201.
^ a b Shinn, pp. 140–1.
^ a b c d e Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004). Ethiopia A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1419118579. pp. 63–4.
^ Willcox Seidman, Ann (1990), Apartheid, Militarism, and the U.S. Southeast. Africa World Press. ISBN 0865431515, p. 78.
^ a b c Watson, John H. (2000), Among the Copts. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 978-1-902210-56-8, p. 56.
^ "Ethiopian Korean War Veterans", Geo cities, Yahoo!, Archived from the original on 26 October 2009 CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link).
^ Nathaniel, Ras (2004), 50th Anniversary of His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1-41203702-6, p. 30.
^ "Ethiopia Administrative Change and the 1955 Constitution". Country studies. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Mammo, Tirfe (1999). The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge. The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902049-3, p. 103.
^ Addis Zemen newspaper, 3 October 1947.
^ a b Zewde, Bahru (2001), A History of Modern Ethiopia. Oxford: James Currey. ISBN 0852557868, pp. 220–26.
^ a b Mammo, Tirfe (1999), The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge.The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020493, p. 100.
^ "General Assembly Resolutions 5th Session". United Nations. Retrieved 16 October 2007. 
^ Haile, Semere (1987), "The Origins and Demise of the Ethiopia-Eritrea Federation", Issue: A Journal of Opinion, 15, pp. 9–17.
^ "Ethiopia: New African Union Building and Kwame Statue" (Video) at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 June 2012). Jimma Times. 29 January 2012
^ Brewer, Sam Pope (5 October 1963), Selassie, at U.N., Recalls 1936 Plea to League, The New York Times.
^ "Photo # 84497", Emperor of Ethiopia Addresses General Assembly, New York: United Nations, 4 October 1963 .
^ Wikisource:Selassie's Address to the United Nations
^ "Country ratings and status, FIW 1973-2012" (XLS). Freedom House. 2012. Retrieved 2012-08-22. 
^ "40th anniversary of Hazemo Massacre commemorated". Shabait. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 26 July 2007. 
^ "Eritrean Martyrs' Day". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ Latt, Louise. "Eritrea Re-photographed: Landscape Changes in the Eritrean Highlands 1890-2004" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 4 March 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ "Dates in Eritrean History". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ a b De Waal, p. 58.
^ a b c Dickinson, Daniel, "The last of the Ethiopian emperors", BBC News, Addis Ababa, 12 May 2005.
^ De Waal.
^ De Waal (1991b), "3. Rebellion and famine in the north under Haile Selassie", Evil Days (PDF), p. 58, n. 7 ; from .[129]
^ "The Unknown Famine in Ethiopia 1973". BBC. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (28 July 2002). "Jonathan Dimbleby and the hidden famine". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Eldridge, John Eric Thomas (1993), Getting the Message: News, Truth and Power. Psychology Press. ISBN 0-41507983-7, p. 26.
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998). "Feeding on Ethiopia's famine". The Independent. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ De Waal, p. 61.
^ Woodward, Peter (2003), The Horn of Africa: Politics and International Relations. I. B. Tauris. ISBN 1-86064870-3, p. 175.
^ Kumar, Krishna (1998). Postconflict Elections, Democratization, and International Assistance. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587778-8, p. 114.
^ "Government and Politics", Ethiopia (country study), Mongabay, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ a b c Launhardt, Johannes (2005). Evangelicals in Addis Ababa (1919–1991). LIT Verlag. ISBN 3-82587791-4, pp. 239–40.
^ a b Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs, ISBN 1-58648398-6, p. 216.
^ Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, 1978. ISBN 0-679-72203-3.
^ a b Shinn, p. 44.
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia Dies at 83". The New York Times. 28 August 1975. Retrieved 21 July 2007. Haile Selassie, the last emperor in the 3,000-year-old Ethiopian monarchy, who ruled for half a century before he was deposed in a military coup last September, died yesterday in a small apartment in his former palace. He was 83 years old. His death was played down by the military rulers who succeeded him in Addis Ababa, who announced it in a normally scheduled radio newscast there at 7 am They said that he had been found dead in his bed by a servant, and that the cause of death was probably related to the effects of a prostate operation Haile Selassie underwent two months ago. 
^ a b "An Imperial Burial for Haile Selassie, 25 Years After Death", The New York Times, 6 November 2000.
^ Ottaway, Marina, and David Ottaway (1978), Ethiopia: Empire in Revolution. New York: Africana. ISBN 0-84190363-8, p. 109, n. 22.
^ "Ethiopians Celebrate a Mass for Exhumed Haile Selassie", The New York Times, 1 March 1992.
^ a b Lorch, Donatella (31 December 1995). "Ethiopia Deals With Legacy of Kings and Colonels". The New York Times.
^ Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19803060-6, p. 55.
^ "Granddaughter Esther Selassie's website genealogy". Afronord.tripod.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Mockler, p. xxvii.
^ "Rastafarian beliefs". BBC. 9 October 2009. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "The African Diaspora, Ethiopianism, and Rastafari". Smithsonian education. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie King of Kings, Conquering Lion of the tribe of Judah". Debate.uvm.edu. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie". Ethiopian History. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Owens, Joseph (1974), Dread, The Rastafarians of Jamaica. ISBN 0-435-98650-3.
^ "The Re-evolution of Rastafari". Rastafari speaks. 20 January 2003. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. pp. 118–. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Christopher John Farley, Before the Legend: The Rise of Bob Marley, p. 145.
^ David Katz, People Funny Boy (Lee Perry biography), p. 41.
^ Murrell, p. 64.
^ David Howard, Kingston: A Cultural and Literary History, p. 176.
^ "The State Visit of Emperor Haile Selassie I". Jamaica-gleaner.com. Archived from the original on 9 December 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Commemorating The Royal Visit by Ijahnya Christian", The Anguillian Newspaper, 22 April 2005.
^ White, pp. 15, 210, 211.
^ Bogues, Anthony (2003), Black Heretics, Black Prophets: Radical Political Intellectuals. Psychology Press. ISBN 0415943256, p. 189.
^ Bradley, Lloyd (2001), This Is Reggae Music: The Story of Jamaica's Music. Grove Press. ISBN 0802138284, pp. 192–93.
^ a b c Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0198030606. p. 86.
^ a b Habekost, Christian (1993), Verbal Riddim: The Politics and Aesthetics of African-Caribbean Dub Poetry. Rodopi. ISBN 9051835493, p. 83.
^ a b O'Brien Chang, Kevin; Chen, Wayne (1998). Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music. Temple University Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-1-56639-629-5. 
^ "African Crossroads – Spiritual Kinsmen" at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 January 2008) Dr. Ikael Tafari, The Daily Nation, 24 December 2007.
^ White, p. 211.
^ Funk, Jerry (2007), Life Is an Excellent Adventure. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1412215005, p. 149.
^ Marley, Rita (2004). No Woman No Cry: My Life with Bob Marley. Hyperion. p. 43. ISBN 978-0-7868-6867-4. 
^ "Bob Marley the Devoted Rastafarian!". Rasta-man-vibration.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Spencer, William David (1998). Dread Jesus. SPCK Publishing. p. 44. ISBN 978-0-28105101-4. 
^ Hood, Robert Earl (January 1990). Must God Remain Greek?: Afro Cultures and God-talk. Fortress Press. pp. 93–. ISBN 978-0-8006-2449-1. 
^ "Ethiopians in D.C. Region Mourn Archbishop's Death". The Washington Post. 13 January 2006. 
^ "Bob Marley Anniversary Spotlights Rasta Religion". National Geographic. 28 October 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie I – God of the Black race". BBC. 
^ Nettleford, Rex (1970), Mirror, Mirror: Identity, Race and Protest in Jamaica, William Collins and Sangster Ltd, Jamaica.
^ "The History and Location of the Shashamane Settlement Community Development Foundation, Inc., USA". Shashamane. Archived from the original on 25 May 2011. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "'Man of the Millennium' - Message from the Director". Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ a b c d e Copley, Gregory R. Ethiopia Reaches Her Hand Unto God: Imperial Ethiopia's Unique Symbols, Structures and Role in the Modern World. Published by Defense & Foreign Affairs, part of the International Strategic Studies Association, 1998. ISBN 1892998009. p.17
^ Religious, Traditional & Ceremonial. The Official Website of The Crown Council of Ethiopia. The Crown Council of Ethiopia. Retrieved 13 August 2014.
^ "Haile Selassie I", Military William Order (in Dutch), Defence, retrieved 9 March 2016 .
^ "Đilas podržao predlog". RS: Blic. Archived from the original on 21 December 2008. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Abbott, Elizabeth (1988), Haiti: An insider's history of the rise and fall of the Duvaliers. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-67168620-8, p. 139.
^ Boletín Oficial del Estado
^ Badraie. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Odluka o proglašenju Njegovog Carskog Veličanstva Cara Etiopije Haila Selasija Prvog za počasnog građanina SFRJ ("Službeni list SFRJ"), br. 33/72 319–655
^ "Shoa 6". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ The London Gazette, Issue: 43567 Page: 1235. Retrieved op 17 January 2017.


Bibliography[edit]

Marcus, Harold G. (1994). A History of Ethiopia. London: University of California Press. p. 316. ISBN 0-520-22479-5. 
Mockler, Anthony (2003). Haile Selassie's War. Signal Books. ISBN 1-90266953-3. 
Murrell, Nathaniel Samuel; Spencer, William David; McFarlane, Adrian Anthony (1998). Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader. Temple University Press. ISBN 1-56639584-4. 
Roberts, Andrew Dunlop (1986). The Cambridge History of Africa: From 1905 to 1940. 7. Cambridge: Press Sindicate of the University of Cambridge. ISBN 0-52122505-1. 
Safire, William (1997), Lend Me Your Ears: Great Speeches in History, W.W. Norton, ISBN 0-39304005-4 .
Selassie, Haile I (1999), My Life and Ethiopia's Progress: The Autobiography of Emperor Haile Selassie I, translated from Amharic by Edward Ullendorff, New York: Frontline Books, ISBN 0-948390-40-9 .
Shinn, David Hamilton; Ofcansky, Thomas P. (2004). Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. Scarecrow Press. ISBN 0-81086566-1. 
"Distressed Negus". Time Magazine. 15 November 1937. Retrieved 19 January 2010. 
De Waal, Alexander (1991). Evil Days: Thirty Years of War and Famine in Ethiopia (PDF). Human Rights Watch. ISBN 1-56432038-3. 
White, Timothy (2006). Catch a Fire: The Life of Bob Marley. Henry Holt & Co. ISBN 0-80508086-4. 

Further reading[edit]

Henze, Paul B (2000), ""The Rise of Haile Selassie: Time of Troubles, Regent, Emperor, Exile" and "Ethiopia in the Modern World: Haile Selassie from Triumph to Tragedy"", Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia, New York: Palgrave, ISBN 0-312-22719-1 .
Kapuściński, Ryszard (1978), The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, ISBN 0-679-72203-3 .
Haile Selassie I: Ethiopia's Lion of Judah, 1979, ISBN 0-88229-342-7
Haile Selassie's war: the Italian-Ethiopian Campaign, 1935–1941, 1984, ISBN 0-394-54222-3
Haile Selassie, western education, and political revolution in Ethiopia, 2006, ISBN 978-1-934043-20-2
King of Kings: the triumph and tragedy of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia, 2015, ISBN 978-1-910376-14-0
Mosley, Leonard, Haile Selassie: The Conquering Lion. Prentice Hall 1965 LCCN 65-11882 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Haile Selassie I.





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Haile Selassie



Ethiopian Treasures – Emperor Haile Selassie I
Imperial Crown Council of Ethiopia
Speech to the League of Nations, June 1936 (full text)
Rare and Unseen: Haile Selassie – slideshow by Life magazine
Marcus Garvey's prophecy of Haile Selassie I as the returned messiah
Haile Selassie I and the Italo-Ethiopian war
Haile Selassie I, the Later Years
A critical look at the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia
BBC article, memories of his personal servant
"His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia visits Jamaica", Watch News Reel (video), Google, 21 April 1966 
Ba Beta Kristiyan Haile Selassie I  – The Church of Haile Selassie I
Haile Selassie I Speaks -Text & Audio-
Collection by Martin Rikli in 1935–1936, including photos of Haile Selassie, open access through the University of Florida Digital Collections
The Emperor's Clothes
A History of Ethiopia




Haile Selassie
House of Solomon
Born: 23 July 1892 Died: 27 August 1975


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Zewditu I
Emperor of Ethiopia
2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974
Monarchy abolished


Titles in pretence


Loss of title
Communist take-over

— TITULAR —
Emperor of Ethiopia
12 September 1974 – 27 August 1975
Succeeded by
Crown Prince Amha Selassie








v
t
e


Emperors of Ethiopia (1270–1974)




Family tree



Solomonic dynasty



Yekuno Amlak
Yagbe'u Seyon (Salomon I)
Senfa Ared IV
Hezba Asgad
Qedma Asgad
Jin Asgad
Saba Asgad
Wedem Arad
Amda Seyon I
Newaya Krestos
Newaya Maryam
Dawit I
Tewodros I
Yeshaq I
Andreyas
Takla Maryam
Sarwe Iyasus
Amda Iyasus
Zara Yaqob (Kwestantinos I)
Baeda Maryam I
Eskender (Kwestantinos II)
Amda Seyon II
Na'od
Dawit II
Gelawdewos
Menas
Sarsa Dengel
Yaqob
Za Dengel
Yaqob
Susenyos I
Fasilides
Yohannes I
Iyasu the Great
Tekle Haymanot I
Tewoflos
Yostos
Dawit III
Bakaffa
Iyasu II





Age of the Princes



Iyoas I
Yohannes II
Tekle Haymanot II
Susenyos II
Tekle Haymanot II
Salomon II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Iyasu III
Tekle Giyorgis I
Hezqeyas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Baeda Maryam II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Yonas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Demetros
Tekle Giyorgis I
Demetros
Egwale Seyon
Iyoas II
Gigar
Baeda Maryam III
Gigar
Iyasu IV
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel





Tewodros dynasty



Tewodros II





Zagwe restoration



Tekle Giyorgis II





Tigray dynasty



Yohannes IV





Solomonic dynasty



Menelik II
Iyasu V
Zewditu I
Haile Selassie I












v
t
e


Chairpersons of the Organisation of African Unity and the African Union



Organisation of African Unity



Selassie
Nasser
Nkrumah
Ankrah
Selassie
Mobutu
Boumedienne
Ahidjo
Kaunda
Daddah
Hassan II
Gowon
Barre
Amin
Ramgoolam
Bongo
Nimeiry
Tolbert
Senghor
Stevens
Moi
Mengistu
Nyerere
Diouf
Nguesso
Kaunda
Traoré
Mubarak
Museveni
Babangida
Diouf
Mubarak
Ben Ali
Meles
Biya
Mugabe
Compaoré
Bouteflika
Eyadéma
Chiluba
Mwanawasa





African Union



Mbeki
Chissano
Obasanjo
Nguesso
Kufuor
Kikwete
Gaddafi
Mutharika
Nguema
Boni
Hailemariam
Abdel Aziz
Mugabe
Déby
Condé












v
t
e


Pan-Africanism



Ideology





Variants




Afrocentrism
African nationalism
African socialism
Black nationalism
Garveyism
Nkrumaism
Sankarism
Uhuru Movement
Zikism






Concepts




African century
Black Power
Négritude
Ubuntu
Ujamaa
United States of Africa








Proponents





Politicians




Nnamdi Azikiwe
Amílcar Cabral
David Comissiong
Muammar Gaddafi
Marcus Garvey
Alieu Ebrima Cham Joof
Kenneth Kaunda
Jomo Kenyatta
Patrice Lumumba
Thabo Mbeki
Robert Mugabe
Abdias do Nascimento
Gamal Abdel Nasser
Kwame Nkrumah
John Nyathi Pokela
Julius Nyerere
Thomas Sankara
Ahmed Sékou Touré
Haile Selassie
Robert Sobukwe
I. T. A. Wallace-Johnson






Others




Marimba Ani
Molefi Kete Asante
Steve Biko
Edward Wilmot Blyden
Stokely Carmichael
John Henrik Clarke
Cheikh Anta Diop
W. E. B. Du Bois
Frantz Fanon
John G. Jackson
Leonard Jeffries
Yosef Ben-Jochannan
Maulana Karenga
Fela Kuti
Malcolm X
Zephania Mothopeng
George Padmore
Motsoko Pheko
Runoko Rashidi
Paul Robeson
Randall Robinson
Walter Rodney
Burning Spear
Henry Sylvester-Williams
Issa Laye Thiaw
Omali Yeshitela








Organizations



African Union
African Unification Front
All-African People's Revolutionary Party
Conseil de l'Entente
Convention People's Party
Economic Freedom Fighters
International African Service Bureau
Organisation of African Unity
Pan Africanist Congress of Azania
Rassemblement Démocratique Africain
UNIA-ACL





Symbols



Black Star of Africa
Lion of Judah
Pan-African colours
Pan-African flag





Related



African philosophy
African-American leftism
Africanization
All-African Peoples' Conference
Kwanzaa
Year of Africa












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year








1927–1950






Charles Lindbergh (1927)
Walter Chrysler (1928)
Owen D. Young (1929)
Mohandas Gandhi (1930)
Pierre Laval (1931)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1932)
Hugh S. Johnson (1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1934)
Haile Selassie (1935)
Wallis Simpson (1936)
Chiang Kai-shek / Soong Mei-ling (1937)
Adolf Hitler (1938)
Joseph Stalin (1939)
Winston Churchill (1940)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1941)
Joseph Stalin (1942)
George Marshall (1943)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1944)
Harry S. Truman (1945)
James F. Byrnes (1946)
George Marshall (1947)
Harry S. Truman (1948)
Winston Churchill (1949)
The American Fighting-Man (1950)













1951–1975






Mohammed Mosaddeq (1951)
Elizabeth II (1952)
Konrad Adenauer (1953)
John Foster Dulles (1954)
Harlow Curtice (1955)
Hungarian Freedom Fighters (1956)
Nikita Khrushchev (1957)
Charles de Gaulle (1958)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1959)
U.S. Scientists: George Beadle / Charles Draper / John Enders / Donald A. Glaser / Joshua Lederberg / Willard Libby / Linus Pauling / Edward Purcell / Isidor Rabi / Emilio Segrè / William Shockley / Edward Teller / Charles Townes / James Van Allen / Robert Woodward (1960)
John F. Kennedy (1961)
Pope John XXIII (1962)
Martin Luther King, Jr. (1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1964)
William Westmoreland (1965)
The Generation Twenty-Five and Under (1966)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1967)
The Apollo 8 Astronauts: William Anders / Frank Borman / Jim Lovell (1968)
The Middle Americans (1969)
Willy Brandt (1970)
Richard Nixon (1971)
Henry Kissinger / Richard Nixon (1972)
John Sirica (1973)
King Faisal (1974)
American Women: Susan Brownmiller / Kathleen Byerly / Alison Cheek / Jill Conway / Betty Ford / Ella Grasso / Carla Hills / Barbara Jordan / Billie Jean King / Susie Sharp / Carol Sutton / Addie Wyatt (1975)













1976–2000






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yasser Arafat / F. W. de Klerk / Nelson Mandela / Yitzhak Rabin (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)













2001–present






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protester (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karwah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)









 Book:Time Persons of the Year







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 66475642
LCCN: n79043431
ISNI: 0000 0001 0910 2298
GND: 118700758
SELIBR: 319456
SUDOC: 027764656
BNF: cb11973730w (data)
NLA: 35677375
NDL: 00620780
NKC: jo2007416169










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Haile_Selassie&oldid=792503176"					
Categories: Haile Selassie1892 births1975 deathsAfrican Union chairpersonsBurials at Holy Trinity Cathedral (Addis Ababa)Deified peopleEmperors of EthiopiaEthiopian anti-communistsEthiopian Oriental Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian princesGovernments in exile during World War IIInternational opponents of apartheid in South AfricaLeaders ousted by a coupMarshals of the air forceNon-Chalcedonian Christian monarchsOrthodox monarchsAfrican pan-AfricanistsPeople from Addis AbabaRastafari movementRulers of EthiopiaSolomonic dynastyWorld War II political leadersChief Commanders of the Legion of MeritChiefs of the Order of the Golden Heart of KenyaCollars of the Order of the Aztec EagleExtra Knights Companion of the GarterGrand Collars of the Order of SikatunaGrand Collars of the Order of the Southern CrossGrand Commanders of the Order of the Federal RepublicGrand Cordons of the Order of the NileGrand Cordons of the Order of the Queen of ShebaGrand Cordons of the Order of the Seal of SolomonGrand Cordons of the Order of ValourGrand Croix of the Légion d'honneurGrand Crosses of the Order of the Sun of PeruGrand Crosses of the National Order of Honour and MeritGrand Crosses of the Order of Christ (Portugal)Grand Crosses of the Order of the Tower and SwordGrand Crosses Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of GermanyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the BathHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian OrderHonorary Recipients of the Order of the Crown of the RealmKnights Grand Cross of the Military William OrderKnights of Pius IXKnights of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of NassauRecipients of the National Order of VietnamRecipients of the Order of Menelik IIRecipients of the Order of Merit for National FoundationRecipients of the Order of Polonia RestitutaRecipients of the Order of Saints Maurice and LazarusRecipients of the Order of SolomonRecipients of the Order of the Condor of the AndesRecipients of the Order of the Liberator General San MartinRecipients of the Order of the Star of EthiopiaRecipients of the Order of the Star of GhanaRecipients of the Royal Victorian ChainRecipients of Thiri Thudhamma ThingahaPeople of the Second Italo-Ethiopian WarPeople considered avatars by their followersPeople from Oromia RegionRecipients of the Silver World AwardHidden categories: Articles containing Ge'ez-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2012Articles with unsourced statements from August 2016Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownCS1 Dutch-language sources (nl)Pages using infobox royalty with unknown parametersPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Amharic-language textUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from August 2016Articles with unsourced statements from May 2008Articles with unsourced statements from May 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीمصرىМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 22:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Haile Selassie - Wikipedia






















 






Haile Selassie

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ras Tafari Makonnen)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Ras Tafari" redirects here. For the religious movement that worships Haile Selassie, see Rastafari movement.


Haile Selassie I



Haile Selassie I in c.1971



Emperor of Ethiopia (more…)


Reign
2 April 1930 – 12 September 1974


Coronation
2 November 1930


Predecessor
Zewditu


Successor
Asfaw Wossen (Amha Selassie)
as "King of Ethiopia"
(Did not recognise designation as such)


Prime Ministers


See list

Himself
Wolde Tzaddick
Makonnen Endelkachew
Abebe Aregay
Imru Haile Selassie
Aklilu Habte-Wold
Endelkachew Makonnen
Mikael Imru





Regent Plenipotentiary of Ethiopia


Reign
27 September 1916 – 2 April 1930


Predecessor
Ras Bitwoded Tessema Nadew
(Under Iyasu V)


Monarch
Zewditu







Born
Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael
(1892-07-23)23 July 1892
Ejersa Goro, Ethiopian Empire


Died
27 August 1975(1975-08-27) (aged 83)
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Burial
5 November 2000
Holy Trinity Cathedral, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Spouse
Menen Asfaw


Issue
Princess Romanework
Princess Tenagnework
Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
Princess Zenebework
Princess Tsehai
Prince Makonnen
Prince Sahle Selassie


Dynasty
Solomonic (Sahle Selassie branch)


Father
Ras Makonnen Woldemikael


Mother
Yeshimebet Ali


Religion
Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo




Styles of
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Reference style
Amharic: ግርማዊ? girmāwī
His Imperial Majesty


Spoken style
Amharic: ጃንሆይ? djānhoi
Your Imperial Majesty
(lit. "O [esteemed] royal")


Alternative style
Amharic: ጌቶቹ? getochu
Our Lord (familiar)
(lit. "Our master" (pl.))





This article contains Ethiopic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols instead of Ethiopic characters.


Haile Selassie I (Ge'ez: ቀዳማዊ ኃይለ ሥላሴ?, qädamawi haylä səllasé[nb 1]; Amharic pronunciation: [ˈhaɪlɜ sɨˈlːase] ( listen);[nb 2] 23 July 1892 – 27 August 1975), born Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael,[4] was Ethiopia's regent from 1916 to 1930 and emperor from 1930 to 1974. He also served as Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity from 25 May 1963 to 17 July 1964 and 5 November 1966 to 11 September 1967. He was a member of the Solomonic Dynasty.
At the League of Nations in 1936, the emperor condemned the use of chemical weapons by Italy against his people during the Second Italo–Ethiopian War.[5] His internationalist views led to Ethiopia becoming a charter member of the League of Nations, and his political thought and experience in promoting multilateralism and collective security have proved seminal and enduring.[6] His suppression of rebellions among the landed aristocracy (the mesafint), which consistently opposed his reforms, as well as what some critics perceived to be Ethiopia's failure to modernize rapidly enough,[7] earned him criticism among some contemporaries and historians.[8] His regime was also criticized by human rights groups, such as Human Rights Watch, as autocratic and illiberal.[8][9]
Among the Rastafari movement, whose followers are estimated at between two and four million, Haile Selassie is revered as the returned messiah of the Bible, God incarnate.[10][11] Beginning in Jamaica in the 1930s, the Rastafari movement perceives Haile Selassie as a messianic figure who will lead a future golden age of eternal peace, righteousness, and prosperity.[12] Haile Selassie was an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian throughout his life. He is a defining figure in Ethiopian history.[13][14]
Haile Selassie died on 27 August 1975 at the age of 83, following a coup d'état.[15]



Contents


1 Name
2 Biography

2.1 Early life
2.2 Governorship
2.3 Regency

2.3.1 Travel abroad


2.4 King and emperor
2.5 Conflict with Italy

2.5.1 Mobilization
2.5.2 Progress of the war
2.5.3 Exile debate
2.5.4 Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936
2.5.5 Exile


2.6 1940s and 1950s
2.7 Charitable gesture
2.8 1960s
2.9 1970s

2.9.1 Wollo famine
2.9.2 Revolution
2.9.3 Imprisonment
2.9.4 Death and interment




3 Descendants
4 Rastafari messiah

4.1 Question of his divinity


5 Biographical film
6 Quotations
7 Title as emperor
8 Honours

8.1 National orders
8.2 Foreign orders


9 Ancestry
10 Military ranks
11 Popular culture
12 See also
13 Notes

13.1 Footnotes
13.2 Citations


14 Bibliography
15 Further reading
16 External links



Name[edit]




Lij Teferi Makonnen at age 3


Haile Selassie was known as a child as Lij Tafari Makonnen (Amharic ልጅ ተፈሪ መኮንን; lij teferī mekōnnin). Lij is translated as "child", and serves to indicate that a youth is of noble blood. His given name, Tafari, means "one who is respected or feared". Like most Ethiopians, his personal name Tafari is followed by that of his father Makonnen and rarely that of his grandfather Woldemikael. His Ge'ez name Haile Selassie was given to him at his infant baptism and adopted again as part of his regnal name in 1930.
As Governor of Harer, he became known as Ras Teferi Makonnen  listen (help·info). Ras is translated as "head"[16] and is a rank of nobility equivalent to Duke;[17] though it is often rendered in translation as "prince". In 1916, Empress Zewditu I appointed him to the position of Balemulu Silt'an Enderase (Regent Plenipotentiary). In 1928, she granted him the throne of Shoa, elevating his title to Negus or "King".[18]
On 2 November 1930, after the death of Empress Zewditu, Ras Tafari was crowned Negusa Nagast, literally King of Kings, rendered in English as "Emperor".[19] Upon his ascension, he took as his regnal name Haile Selassie I. Haile means in Ge'ez "Power of" and Selassie means trinity—therefore Haile Selassie roughly translates to "Power of the Trinity".[20] Haile Selassie's full title in office was "By the Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I, King of Kings of Ethiopia, Elect of God".[21][nb 3] This title reflects Ethiopian dynastic traditions, which hold that all monarchs must trace their lineage to Menelik I, who was the offspring of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba.[22]
To Ethiopians, Haile Selassie has been known by many names, including Janhoy, Talaqu Meri, and Abba Tekel.[23] The Rastafari movement employs many of these appellations, also referring to him as Jah, Jah Jah, Jah Rastafari, and HIM (the abbreviation of "His Imperial Majesty").[23]
Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]




Ras Makonnen Woldemikael and his son Lij Tafari Makonnen


Haile Selassie's royal line (through his father's mother) originated from the Amhara people,[24] He was born on 23 July 1892, in the village of Ejersa Goro, in the Harar province of Ethiopia. His mother was Woizero ("Lady") Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar, daughter of the renowned Oromo ruler of Wollo province Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar.[25] His maternal grandmother was of Gurage heritage.[26] Tafari's father was Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa, the governor of Harar. Ras Makonnen served as a general in the First Italo–Ethiopian War, playing a key role at the Battle of Adwa;[25] he too was paternally Oromo but maternally Amhara.[26] Haile Selassie was thus able to ascend to the imperial throne through his paternal grandmother, Woizero Tenagnework Sahle Selassie, who was an aunt of Emperor Menelik II and daughter of Negus Sahle Selassie of Shewa. As such, Haile Selassie claimed direct descent from Makeda, the Queen of Sheba, and King Solomon of ancient Israel.[27]
Ras Makonnen arranged for Tafari as well as his first cousin, Imru Haile Selassie, to receive instruction in Harar from Abba Samuel Wolde Kahin, an Ethiopian capuchin monk, and from Dr. Vitalien, a surgeon from Guadeloupe. Tafari was named Dejazmach (literally "commander of the gate", roughly equivalent to "count")[28] at the age of 13, on 1 November 1905.[29] Shortly thereafter, his father Ras Makonnen died at Kulibi, in 1906.[30]
Governorship[edit]




Dejazmatch Tafari, as governor of Harar


Tafari assumed the titular governorship of Selale in 1906, a realm of marginal importance,[31] but one that enabled him to continue his studies.[29] In 1907, he was appointed governor over part of the province of Sidamo. It is alleged that during his late teens, Haile Selassie was married to Woizero Altayech, and that from this union, his daughter Princess Romanework was born.[32]
Following the death of his brother Yelma in 1907, the governorate of Harar was left vacant,[31] and its administration was left to Menelik's loyal general, Dejazmach Balcha Safo. Balcha Safo's administration of Harar was ineffective, and so during the last illness of Menelik II, and the brief reign of Empress Taitu Bitul, Tafari was made governor of Harar in 1910[30] or 1911.[33]
On 3 August, he married Menen Asfaw of Ambassel, niece of heir to the throne Lij Iyasu.
Regency[edit]
The extent to which Tafari Makonnen contributed to the movement that would come to depose Iyasu V has been discussed extensively, particularly in Haile Selassie's own detailed account of the matter. Iyasu V, or Lij Iyasu, was the designated but uncrowned emperor of Ethiopia from 1913 to 1916. Iyasu's reputation for scandalous behavior and a disrespectful attitude towards the nobles at the court of his grandfather, Menelik II,[34] damaged his reputation. Iyasu's flirtation with Islam was considered treasonous among the Ethiopian Orthodox Christian leadership of the empire. On 27 September 1916, Iyasu was deposed.[35]
Contributing to the movement that deposed Iyasu were conservatives such as Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis, Menelik II's longtime Minister of War. The movement to depose Iyasu preferred Tafari, as he attracted support from both progressive and conservative factions. Ultimately, Iyasu was deposed on the grounds of conversion to Islam.[16][35] In his place, the daughter of Menelik II (the aunt of Iyasu) was named Empress Zewditu, while Tafari was elevated to the rank of Ras and was made heir apparent and Crown Prince. In the power arrangement that followed, Tafari accepted the role of Regent Plenipotentiary (Balemulu 'Inderase)[nb 4] and became the de facto ruler of the Ethiopian Empire (Mangista Ityop'p'ya). Zewditu would govern while Tafari would administer.[36]




Empress Zewditu with one of her trusted priests


While Iyasu had been deposed on 27 September 1916, on 8 October he managed to escape into the Ogaden Desert and his father, Negus Mikael of Wollo, had time to come to his aid.[37] On 27 October, Negus Mikael and his army met an army under Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis loyal to Zewditu and Tafari. During the Battle of Segale, Negus Mikael was defeated and captured. Any chance that Iyasu would regain the throne was ended and he went into hiding. On 11 January 1921, after avoiding capture for about five years, Iyasu was taken into custody by Gugsa Araya Selassie.
On 11 February 1917, the coronation for Zewditu took place. She pledged to rule justly through her Regent, Tafari. While Tafari was the more visible of the two, Zewditu was far from an honorary ruler. Her position required that she arbitrate the claims of competing factions. In other words, she had the last word. Tafari carried the burden of daily administration but, because his position was relatively weak, this was often an exercise in futility for him. Initially his personal army was poorly equipped, his finances were limited, and he had little leverage to withstand the combined influence of the Empress, the Minister of War, or the provincial governors.[37]
During his Regency, the new Crown Prince developed the policy of cautious modernization initiated by Menelik II. Also, during this time, he survived the 1918 flu pandemic, having come down with the illness.[38] He secured Ethiopia's admission to the League of Nations in 1923 by promising to eradicate slavery; each emperor since Tewodros II had issued proclamations to halt slavery,[39] but without effect: the internationally scorned practice persisted well into Haile Selassie's reign with an estimated 2 million slaves in Ethiopia in the early 1930s.[40][41]
Travel abroad[edit]
In 1924, Ras Tafari toured Europe and the Middle East visiting Jerusalem, Alexandria, Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, Stockholm, London, Geneva, and Athens. With him on his tour was a group that included Ras Seyum Mangasha of western Tigray Province; Ras Hailu Tekle Haymanot of Gojjam province; Ras Mulugeta Yeggazu of Illubabor Province; Ras Makonnen Endelkachew; and Blattengeta Heruy Welde Sellase. The primary goal of the trip to Europe was for Ethiopia to gain access to the sea. In Paris, Tafari was to find out from the French Foreign Ministry (Quai d'Orsay) that this goal would not be realized.[42] However, failing this, he and his retinue inspected schools, hospitals, factories, and churches. Although patterning many reforms after European models, Tafari remained wary of European pressure. To guard against economic imperialism, Tafari required that all enterprises have at least partial local ownership.[43] Of his modernization campaign, he remarked, "We need European progress only because we are surrounded by it. That is at once a benefit and a misfortune."[44]
Throughout Ras Tafari's travels in Europe, the Levant, and Egypt, he and his entourage were greeted with enthusiasm and fascination. He was accompanied by Seyum Mangasha and Hailu Tekle Haymanot who, like Tafari, were sons of generals who contributed to the victorious war against Italy a quarter century earlier at the Battle of Adwa.[45] Another member of his entourage, Mulugeta Yeggazu, actually fought at Adwa as a young man. The "Oriental Dignity" of the Ethiopians[46] and their "rich, picturesque court dress"[47] were sensationalized in the media; among his entourage he even included a pride of lions, which he distributed as gifts to President Alexandre Millerand and Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré of France, to King George V of the United Kingdom, and to the Zoological Garden (Jardin Zoologique) of Paris.[45] As one historian noted, "Rarely can a tour have inspired so many anecdotes".[45] In return for two lions, the United Kingdom presented Ras Tafari with the imperial crown of Emperor Tewodros II for its safe return to Empress Zewditu. The crown had been taken by Robert Napier during the 1868 Expedition to Abyssinia.[48]
In this period, the Crown Prince visited the Armenian monastery of Jerusalem. There, he adopted 40 Armenian orphans (አርባ ልጆች Arba Lijoch, "forty children"), who had lost their parents in Ottoman massacres. Ras Tafari arranged for the musical education of the youths, and they came to form the imperial brass band.[49]
King and emperor[edit]
See also: Modernisation of Ethiopia under Haile Selassie I
In 1928, the authority of Ras Tafari Makonnen was challenged when Dejazmatch Balcha Safo went to Addis Ababa with a sizeable armed force. When Tafari consolidated his hold over the provinces, many of Menelik's appointees refused to abide by the new regulations. Balcha Safo, the governor (Shum) of coffee-rich Sidamo Province, was particularly troublesome. The revenues he remitted to the central government did not reflect the accrued profits and Tafari recalled him to Addis Ababa. The old man came in high dudgeon and, insultingly, with a large army.[nb 5] The Dejazmatch paid homage to Empress Zewditu, but snubbed Ras Tafari.[50][51] On 18 February, while Balcha Safo and his personal bodyguard[nb 6] were in Addis Ababa, Ras Tafari had Ras Kassa Haile Darge buy off his army and arranged to have him displaced as the Shum of Sidamo Province[52] by Birru Wolde Gabriel who himself was replaced by Desta Damtew.[37]




Cover of Time magazine, 3 November 1930


Even so, the gesture of Balcha Safo empowered Empress Zewditu politically and she attempted to have Tafari tried for treason. He was tried for his benevolent dealings with Italy including a 20-year peace accord which was signed on 2 August.[29] In September, a group of palace reactionaries including some courtiers of the empress, made a final bid to get rid of Tafari. The attempted coup d'état was tragic in its origins and comic in its end. When confronted by Tafari and a company of his troops, the ringleaders of the coup took refuge on the palace grounds in Menelik's mausoleum. Tafari and his men surrounded them only to be surrounded themselves by the personal guard of Zewditu. More of Tafari's khaki clad soldiers arrived and, with superiority of arms, decided the outcome in his favor.[53] Popular support, as well as the support of the police,[50] remained with Tafari. Ultimately, the Empress relented and, on 7 October 1928, she crowned Tafari as Negus (Amharic: "King").
The crowning of Tafari as King was controversial. He occupied the same territory as the empress rather than going off to a regional kingdom of the empire. Two monarchs, even with one being the vassal and the other the emperor (in this case empress), had never occupied the same location as their seat in Ethiopian history. Conservatives agitated to redress this perceived insult to the dignity of the crown, leading to the rebellion of Ras Gugsa Welle. Gugsa Welle was the husband of the empress and the Shum of Begemder Province. In early 1930, he raised an army and marched it from his governorate at Gondar towards Addis Ababa. On 31 March 1930, Gugsa Welle was met by forces loyal to Negus Tafari and was defeated at the Battle of Anchem. Gugsa Welle was killed in action.[54] News of Gugsa Welle's defeat and death had hardly spread through Addis Ababa when the empress died suddenly on 2 April 1930. Although it was long rumored that the empress was poisoned upon the defeat of her husband,[55] or alternately that she died from shock upon hearing of the death of her estranged yet beloved husband,[56] it has since been documented that the Empress succumbed to a flu-like fever and complications from diabetes.[57]
With the passing of Zewditu, Tafari himself rose to emperor and was proclaimed Neguse Negest ze-'Ityopp'ya, "King of Kings of Ethiopia". He was crowned on 2 November 1930, at Addis Ababa's Cathedral of St. George. The coronation was by all accounts "a most splendid affair",[58] and it was attended by royals and dignitaries from all over the world. Among those in attendance were George V's son the Duke of Gloucester, Marshal Franchet d'Esperey of France, and the Prince of Udine representing the King of Italy. Emissaries from the United States,[59] Egypt, Turkey, Sweden, Belgium, and Japan were also present.[58] British author Evelyn Waugh was also present, penning a contemporary report on the event, and American travel lecturer Burton Holmes shot the only known film footage of the event.[60] One newspaper report suggested that the celebration may have incurred a cost in excess of $3,000,000.[61] Many of those in attendance received lavish gifts;[62] in one instance, the Christian emperor even sent a gold-encased Bible to an American bishop who had not attended the coronation, but who had dedicated a prayer to the emperor on the day of the coronation.[63]
Haile Selassie introduced Ethiopia's first written constitution on 16 July 1931,[64] providing for a bicameral legislature.[65] The constitution kept power in the hands of the nobility, but it did establish democratic standards among the nobility, envisaging a transition to democratic rule: it would prevail "until the people are in a position to elect themselves."[66] The constitution limited the succession to the throne to the descendants of Haile Selassie, a point that met with the disapprobation of other dynastic princes, including the princes of Tigrai and even the emperor's loyal cousin, Ras Kassa Haile Darge.
In 1932, the Sultanate of Jimma was formally absorbed into Ethiopia following the death of Sultan Abba Jifar II of Jimma.
Conflict with Italy[edit]
See also: Abyssinia Crisis and Second Italo-Abyssinian War
Ethiopia became the target of renewed Italian imperialist designs in the 1930s. Benito Mussolini's Fascist regime was keen to avenge the military defeats Italy had suffered to Ethiopia in the First Italo-Abyssinian War, and to efface the failed attempt by "liberal" Italy to conquer the country, as epitomised by the defeat at Adwa.[67][68][69] A conquest of Ethiopia could also empower the cause of fascism and embolden its rhetoric of empire.[69] Ethiopia would also provide a bridge between Italy's Eritrean and Italian Somaliland possessions. Ethiopia's position in the League of Nations did not dissuade the Italians from invading in 1935; the "collective security" envisaged by the League proved useless, and a scandal erupted when the Hoare-Laval Pact revealed that Ethiopia's League allies were scheming to appease Italy.[70]
Mobilization[edit]
Following the 5 December 1934 Italian invasion of Ethiopia at Walwal, Ogeden Province, Haile Selassie joined his northern armies and set up headquarters at Desse in Wollo province. He issued his mobilization order on 3 October 1935:

If you withhold from your country Ethiopia the death from cough or head-cold of which you would otherwise die, refusing to resist (in your district, in your patrimony, and in your home) our enemy who is coming from a distant country to attack us, and if you persist in not shedding your blood, you will be rebuked for it by your Creator and will be cursed by your offspring. Hence, without cooling your heart of accustomed valour, there emerges your decision to fight fiercely, mindful of your history that will last far into the future… If on your march you touch any property inside houses or cattle and crops outside, not even grass, straw, and dung excluded, it is like killing your brother who is dying with you… You, countryman, living at the various access routes, set up a market for the army at the places where it is camping and on the day your district-governor will indicate to you, lest the soldiers campaigning for Ethiopia's liberty should experience difficulty. You will not be charged excise duty, until the end of the campaign, for anything you are marketing at the military camps: I have granted you remission… After you have been ordered to go to war, but are then idly missing from the campaign, and when you are seized by the local chief or by an accuser, you will have punishment inflicted upon your inherited land, your property, and your body; to the accuser I shall grant a third of your property…

On 19 October 1935, Haile Selassie gave more precise orders for his army to his Commander-in-Chief, Ras Kassa:


When you set up tents, it is to be in caves and by trees and in a wood, if the place happens to be adjoining to these―and separated in the various platoons. Tents are to be set up at a distance of 30 cubits from each other.
When an aeroplane is sighted, one should leave large open roads and wide meadows and march in valleys and trenches and by zigzag routes, along places which have trees and woods.
When an aeroplane comes to drop bombs, it will not suit it to do so unless it comes down to about 100 metres; hence when it flies low for such action, one should fire a volley with a good and very long gun and then quickly disperse. When three or four bullets have hit it, the aeroplane is bound to fall down. But let only those fire who have been ordered to shoot with a weapon that has been selected for such firing, for if everyone shoots who possesses a gun, there is no advantage in this except to waste bullets and to disclose the men's whereabouts.
Lest the aeroplane, when rising again, should detect the whereabouts of those who are dispersed, it is well to remain cautiously scattered as long as it is still fairly close. In time of war it suits the enemy to aim his guns at adorned shields, ornaments, silver and gold cloaks, silk shirts and all similar things. Whether one possesses a jacket or not, it is best to wear a narrow-sleeved shirt with faded colours. When we return, with God's help, you can wear your gold and silver decorations then. Now it is time to go and fight. We offer you all these words of advice in the hope that no great harm should befall you through lack of caution. At the same time, We are glad to assure you that in time of war We are ready to shed Our blood in your midst for the sake of Ethiopia's freedom…"[71]


Compared to the Ethiopians, the Italians had an advanced, modern military which included a large air force. The Italians would also come to employ chemical weapons extensively throughout the conflict, even targeting Red Cross field hospitals in violation of the Geneva Conventions.[72]
Progress of the war[edit]
Starting in early October 1935, the Italians invaded Ethiopia. But, by November, the pace of invasion had slowed appreciably and Haile Selassie's northern armies were able to launch what was known as the "Christmas Offensive". During this offensive, the Italians were forced back in places and put on the defensive. In early 1936, the First Battle of Tembien stopped the progress of the Ethiopian offensive and the Italians were ready to continue their offensive. Following the defeat and destruction of the northern Ethiopian armies at the Battle of Amba Aradam, the Second Battle of Tembien, and the Battle of Shire, Haile Selassie took the field with the last Ethiopian army on the northern front. On 31 March 1936, he launched a counterattack against the Italians himself at the Battle of Maychew in southern Tigray. The emperor's army was defeated and retreated in disarray. As Haile Selassie's army withdrew, the Italians attacked from the air along with rebellious Raya and Azebo tribesmen on the ground, who were armed and paid by the Italians.[73]




When the struggle to resist Italy appeared doomed, Haile Selassie traveled to the rock-hewn churches of Lalibela for fasting and prayer.[74]


Haile Selassie made a solitary pilgrimage to the churches at Lalibela, at considerable risk of capture, before returning to his capital.[75] After a stormy session of the council of state, it was agreed that because Addis Ababa could not be defended, the government would relocate to the southern town of Gore, and that in the interest of preserving the Imperial house, the emperor's wife Menen Asfaw and the rest of the imperial family should immediately depart for French Somaliland, and from there continue on to Jerusalem.
Exile debate[edit]




The emperor arrives in Jerusalem. May 1936


After further debate as to whether Haile Selassie should go to Gore or accompany his family into exile, it was agreed that he should leave Ethiopia with his family and present the case of Ethiopia to the League of Nations at Geneva. The decision was not unanimous and several participants, including the nobleman Blatta Tekle Wolde Hawariat, strenuously objected to the idea of an Ethiopian monarch fleeing before an invading force.[76] Haile Selassie appointed his cousin Ras Imru Haile Selassie as Prince Regent in his absence, departing with his family for French Somaliland on 2 May 1936.
On 5 May, Marshal Pietro Badoglio led Italian troops into Addis Ababa, and Mussolini declared Ethiopia an Italian province. Victor Emanuel III was proclaimed as the new Emperor of Ethiopia. On the previous day, the Ethiopian exiles had left French Somaliland aboard the British cruiser HMS Enterprise. They were bound for Jerusalem in the British Mandate of Palestine, where the Ethiopian royal family maintained a residence. The Imperial family disembarked at Haifa and then went on to Jerusalem. Once there, Haile Selassie and his retinue prepared to make their case at Geneva. The choice of Jerusalem was highly symbolic, since the Solomonic Dynasty claimed descent from the House of David. Leaving the Holy Land, Haile Selassie and his entourage sailed aboard the British cruiser HMS Capetown for Gibraltar, where he stayed at the Rock Hotel. From Gibraltar, the exiles were transferred to an ordinary liner. By doing this, the government of the United Kingdom was spared the expense of a state reception.[77]
Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936[edit]
Mussolini, upon invading Ethiopia, had promptly declared his own "Italian Empire"; because the League of Nations afforded Haile Selassie the opportunity to address the assembly, Italy even withdrew its League delegation, on 12 May 1936.[78] It was in this context that Haile Selassie walked into the hall of the League of Nations, introduced by the President of the Assembly as "His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of Ethiopia" (Sa Majesté Imperiale, l'Empereur d'Ethiopie). The introduction caused a great many Italian journalists in the galleries to erupt into jeering, heckling, and whistling. As it turned out, they had earlier been issued whistles by Mussolini's son-in-law, Count Galeazzo Ciano.[79] The Romanian delegate, Nicolae Titulescu, famously jumped to his feet in response and cried "Show the savages the door!", and they were cleared out. Haile Selassie waited calmly for the hall to be cleared, and responded "majestically"[80] with a speech sometimes considered[by whom?] among the most stirring of the 20th century.[5]
Although fluent in French, the working language of the League, Haile Selassie chose to deliver his historic speech in his native Amharic. He asserted that, because his "confidence in the League was absolute", his people were now being slaughtered. He pointed out that the same European states that found in Ethiopia's favor at the League of Nations were refusing Ethiopia credit and matériel while aiding Italy, which was employing chemical weapons on military and civilian targets alike.

It was at the time when the operations for the encircling of Makale were taking place that the Italian command, fearing a rout, followed the procedure which it is now my duty to denounce to the world. Special sprayers were installed on board aircraft so that they could vaporize, over vast areas of territory, a fine, death-dealing rain. Groups of nine, fifteen, eighteen aircraft followed one another so that the fog issuing from them formed a continuous sheet. It was thus that, as from the end of January 1936, soldiers, women, children, cattle, rivers, lakes, and pastures were drenched continually with this deadly rain. In order to kill off systematically all living creatures, in order to more surely poison waters and pastures, the Italian command made its aircraft pass over and over again. That was its chief method of warfare.[81]

Noting that his own "small people of 12 million inhabitants, without arms, without resources" could never withstand an attack by a large power such as Italy, with its 42 million people and "unlimited quantities of the most death-dealing weapons", he contended that all small states were threatened by the aggression, and that all small states were in effect reduced to vassal states in the absence of collective action. He admonished the League that "God and history will remember your judgment."[82]

It is collective security: it is the very existence of the League of Nations. It is the confidence that each State is to place in international treaties… In a word, it is international morality that is at stake. Have the signatures appended to a Treaty value only in so far as the signatory Powers have a personal, direct and immediate interest involved?

The speech made the emperor an icon for anti-fascists around the world, and Time named him "Man of the Year".[83] He failed, however, to get what he most needed: the League agreed to only partial and ineffective sanctions on Italy. Only six nations in 1937 did not recognize Italy's occupation; they were China, New Zealand, the Soviet Union, the Republic of Spain, Mexico and the United States.[68]
Exile[edit]




Haile Selassie in 1942


Haile Selassie spent his exile years (1936–41) in Bath, England, in Fairfield House, which he bought. The emperor and Kassa Haile Darge took morning walks together behind the high walls of the 14-room Georgian house. Haile Selassie's favorite reading was "diplomatic history." But most of his serious hours were occupied with the 90,000-word story of his life that he was laboriously writing in Amharic.[84]
Prior to Fairfield House, he briefly stayed at Warne's Hotel in Worthing[85] and in Parkside, Wimbledon.[86] A bust of Haile Selassie is in nearby Cannizaro Park to commemorate this time and is a popular place of pilgrimage for London's Rastafari community. Haile Selassie stayed at the Abbey Hotel in Malvern in the 1930s and his granddaughters and daughters of court officials were educated at Clarendon School in North Malvern. During his time in Malvern he attended services at Holy Trinity Church, in Link Top. A blue plaque, commemorating his stay in Malvern, was unveiled on Saturday, 25 June 2011. As part of the ceremony, a delegation from the Rastafari movement gave a short address and a drum recital.[87][88][89][90][91]
Haile Selassie's activity in this period was focused on countering Italian propaganda as to the state of Ethiopian resistance and the legality of the occupation.[92] He spoke out against the desecration of houses of worship and historical artifacts (including the theft of a 1,600-year-old imperial obelisk), and condemned the atrocities suffered by the Ethiopian civilian population.[93] He continued to plead for League intervention and to voice his certainty that "God's judgment will eventually visit the weak and the mighty alike",[94] though his attempts to gain support for the struggle against Italy were largely unsuccessful until Italy entered World War II on the German side in June 1940.[95]
The emperor's pleas for international support did take root in the United States, particularly among African-American organizations sympathetic to the Ethiopian cause.[96] In 1937, Haile Selassie was to give a Christmas Day radio address to the American people to thank his supporters when his taxi was involved in a traffic accident, leaving him with a fractured knee.[97] Rather than canceling the radio appearance, he proceeded in much pain to complete the address, in which he linked Christianity and goodwill with the Covenant of the League of Nations, and asserted that "War is not the only means to stop war":[97]

With the birth of the Son of God, an unprecedented, an unrepeatable, and a long-anticipated phenomenon occurred. He was born in a stable instead of a palace, in a manger instead of a crib. The hearts of the Wise men were struck by fear and wonder due to His Majestic Humbleness. The kings prostrated themselves before Him and worshipped Him. 'Peace be to those who have good will'. This became the first message.
...Although the toils of wise people may earn them respect, it is a fact of life that the spirit of the wicked continues to cast its shadow on this world. The arrogant are seen visibly leading their people into crime and destruction. The laws of the League of Nations are constantly violated and wars and acts of aggression repeatedly take place… So that the spirit of the cursed will not gain predominance over the human race whom Christ redeemed with his blood, all peace-loving people should cooperate to stand firm in order to preserve and promote lawfulness and peace.[97]

During this period, Haile Selassie suffered several personal tragedies. His two sons-in-law, Ras Desta Damtew and Dejazmach Beyene Merid, were both executed by the Italians.[94] The emperor's daughter, Princess Romanework, wife of Dejazmach Beyene Merid, was herself taken into captivity with her children, and she died in Italy in 1941.[98] His daughter Tsehai died during childbirth shortly after the restoration in 1942.[99]
After his return to Ethiopia, he donated Fairfield House to the city of Bath as a residence for the aged, until modified in the 1990s where it is now used as a day care centre.[100] Advanced negotiations are progressing for a community group to run the House to preserve and develop the House.
1940s and 1950s[edit]




Newspaper illustration drawn by Charles H. Alston for the U.S. Office of War Information Domestic Operations Branch News Bureau, 1943






Meeting with Crown Prince Akihito in 1955






Plaque commemorating the visit of Haile Selassie I to Mexico, 1954 - Etiopía Station, line 3 of the Mexico City Metro


British forces, which consisted primarily of Ethiopian-backed African and South African colonial troops under the "Gideon Force" of Colonel Orde Wingate, coordinated the military effort to liberate Ethiopia. The emperor himself issued several imperial proclamations in this period, demonstrating that, while authority was not divided up in any formal way, British military might and the emperor's populist appeal could be joined in the concerted effort to liberate Ethiopia.[95]
On 18 January 1941, during the East African Campaign, Haile Selassie crossed the border between Sudan and Ethiopia near the village of Um Iddla. The standard of the Lion of Judah was raised again. Two days later, he and a force of Ethiopian patriots joined Gideon Force which was already in Ethiopia and preparing the way.[101] Italy was defeated by a force of the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth of Nations, Free France, Free Belgium, and Ethiopian patriots. On 5 May 1941, Haile Selassie entered Addis Ababa and personally addressed the Ethiopian people, five years to the day since his 1936 exile:

Today is the day on which we defeated our enemy. Therefore, when we say let us rejoice with our hearts, let not our rejoicing be in any other way but in the spirit of Christ. Do not return evil for evil. Do not indulge in the atrocities which the enemy has been practicing in his usual way, even to the last.
Take care not to spoil the good name of Ethiopia by acts which are worthy of the enemy. We shall see that our enemies are disarmed and sent out the same way they came. As Saint George who killed the dragon is the Patron Saint of our army as well as of our allies, let us unite with our allies in everlasting friendship and amity in order to be able to stand against the godless and cruel dragon which has newly risen and which is oppressing mankind.[102]

On 27 August 1942, Haile Selassie abolished the legal basis of slavery throughout the empire and imposed severe penalties, including death, for slave trading.[103] After World War II, Ethiopia became a charter member of the United Nations. In 1948, the Ogaden, a region disputed with Somalia, was granted to Ethiopia.[104] On 2 December 1950, the UN General Assembly adopted Resolution 390 (V), establishing the federation of Eritrea (the former Italian colony) into Ethiopia.[105] Eritrea was to have its own constitution, which would provide for ethnic, linguistic, and cultural balance, while Ethiopia was to manage its finances, defense, and foreign policy.[105]
Despite his centralization policies that had been made before World War II, Haile Selassie still found himself unable to push for all the programs he wanted. In 1942, he attempted to institute a progressive tax scheme, but this failed due to opposition from the nobility, and only a flat tax was passed; in 1951, he agreed to reduce this as well.[106] Ethiopia was still "semi-feudal",[107] and the emperor's attempts to alter its social and economic form by reforming its modes of taxation met with resistance from the nobility and clergy, which were eager to resume their privileges in the postwar era.[106] Where Haile Selassie actually did succeed in effecting new land taxes, the burdens were often passed by the landowners to the peasants.[106] Despite his wishes, the tax burden remained primarily on the peasants.
Between 1941 and 1959, Haile Selassie worked to establish the autocephaly of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.[108] The Ethiopian Orthodox Church had been headed by the abuna, a bishop who answered to the Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. In 1942 and 1945 Haile Selassie applied to the Holy Synod of the Coptic Orthodox Church to establish the independence of Ethiopian bishops, and when his appeals were denied he threatened to sever relations with the Coptic Church of Alexandria.[108] Finally, in 1959, Pope Kyrillos VI elevated the Abuna to Patriarch-Catholicos.[108] The Ethiopian Church remained affiliated with the Alexandrian Church.[106] In addition to these efforts, Haile Selassie changed the Ethiopian church-state relationship by introducing taxation of church lands, and by restricting the legal privileges of the clergy, who had formerly been tried in their own courts for civil offenses.[106]
In keeping with the principle of collective security, for which he was an outspoken proponent, he sent a contingent under General Mulugueta Bulli, known as the Kagnew Battalion, to take part in the Korean War by supporting the United Nations Command. It was attached to the American 7th Infantry Division, and fought in a number of engagements including the Battle of Pork Chop Hill.[109] In a 1954 speech, the emperor spoke of Ethiopian participation in the Korean War as a redemption of the principles of collective security:

Nearly two decades ago, I personally assumed before history the responsibility of placing the fate of my beloved people on the issue of collective security, for surely, at that time and for the first time in world history, that issue was posed in all its clarity. My searching of conscience convinced me of the rightness of my course and if, after untold sufferings and, indeed, unaided resistance at the time of aggression, we now see the final vindication of that principle in our joint action in Korea, I can only be thankful that God gave me strength to persist in our faith until the moment of its recent glorious vindication.[110]





Haile Selassie, Emperor of Ethiopia, photographed during a radio broadcast


During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955, Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution,[111] whereby he retained effective power, while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body. Party politics were not provided for. Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire, and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization, tempered by Ethiopian traditions, and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state.
Haile Selassie compromised when practical with the traditionalists in the nobility and church. He also tried to improve relations between the state and ethnic groups, and granted autonomy to Afar lands that were difficult to control. Still, his reforms to end feudalism were slow and weakened by the compromises he made with the entrenched aristocracy. The Revised Constitution of 1955 has been criticized for reasserting "the indisputable power of the monarch" and maintaining the relative powerlessness of the peasants.[112]
Charitable gesture[edit]
He sent aid to the British government in 1947 when Britain was affected by heavy flooding. His letter to Lord Meork, National Distress Fund, London said, "even though We are busy of helping our people who didn't recover from the crises of the war, We heard that your fertile and beautiful country is devastated by the unusually heavy rain, and your request for aid. Therefore, We are sending small amount of money, about one thousand pounds through our embassy to show our sympathy and cooperation."[113]
He also left his home in exile, Fairfield House, Bath, to the City of Bath for the use of the Aged in 1959.
1960s[edit]


Haile Selassie








1st & 5th Chairman of the Organization of African Unity


In office
25 May 1963 – 17 July 1964


Succeeded by
Gamal Abdel Nasser


In office
5 November 1966 – 11 September 1967


Preceded by
Joseph Arthur Ankrah


Succeeded by
Joseph-Désiré Mobutu





Haile Selassie contributed Ethiopian troops to the United Nations Operation in the Congo peacekeeping force during the 1960 Congo Crisis, to preserve Congolese integrity, per United Nations Security Council Resolution 143. On 13 December 1960, while Haile Selassie was on a state visit to Brazil, his Imperial Guard forces staged an unsuccessful coup, briefly proclaiming Haile Selassie's eldest son Asfa Wossen as emperor. The coup d'état was crushed by the regular army and police forces. The coup attempt lacked broad popular support, was denounced by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, and was unpopular with the army, air force and police. Nonetheless, the effort to depose the emperor had support among students and the educated classes.[114] The coup attempt has been characterized as a pivotal moment in Ethiopian history, the point at which Ethiopians "for the first time questioned the power of the king to rule without the people's consent".[115] Student populations began to empathize with the peasantry and poor, and to advocate on their behalf.[115] The coup spurred Haile Selassie to accelerate reform, which was manifested in the form of land grants to military and police officials.
The emperor continued to be a staunch ally of the West, while pursuing a firm policy of decolonization in Africa, which was still largely under European colonial rule. The United Nations conducted a lengthy inquiry regarding the status of Eritrea, with the superpowers each vying for a stake in the state's future. Britain, the administrator at the time, suggested the partition of Eritrea between Sudan and Ethiopia, separating Christians and Muslims. The idea was instantly rejected by Eritrean political parties, as well as the UN.
A UN plebiscite voted 46 to 10 to have Eritrea be federated with Ethiopia, which was later stipulated on 2 December 1950 in resolution 390 (V). Eritrea would have its own parliament and administration and would be represented in what had been the Ethiopian parliament and would become the federal parliament.[116] Haile Selassie would have none of European attempts to draft a separate Constitution under which Eritrea would be governed, and wanted his own 1955 Constitution protecting families to apply in both Ethiopia and Eritrea. In 1961 the 30-year Eritrean Struggle for Independence began, followed by Haile Selassie's dissolution of the federation and shutting down of Eritrea's parliament.
In September 1961, Haile Selassie attended the Conference of Heads of State of Government of Non-Aligned Countries in Belgrade, FPR Yugoslavia. This is considered to be the founding conference of the Non-Aligned Movement.
In 1961, tensions between independence-minded Eritreans and Ethiopian forces culminated in the Eritrean War of Independence. The emperor declared Eritrea the fourteenth province of Ethiopia in 1962.[117] The war would continue for 30 years, as first Haile Selassie, then the Soviet-backed junta that succeeded him, attempted to retain Eritrea by force.
In 1963, Haile Selassie presided over the formation of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU), the precursor of the continent-wide African Union (AU). The new organization would establish its headquarters in Addis Ababa. In May of that year, Haile Selassie was elected as the OAU's first official chairperson, a rotating seat. Along with Modibo Keïta of Mali, the Ethiopian leader would later help successfully negotiate the Bamako Accords, which brought an end to the border conflict between Morocco and Algeria. In 1964, Haile Selassie would initiate the concept of the United States of Africa, a proposition later taken up by Muammar Gaddafi.[118]
On 4 October 1963, Haile Selassie addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations[119][120] referring in his address to his earlier speech to the League of Nations:

Twenty-seven years ago, as Emperor of Ethiopia, I mounted the rostrum in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the League of Nations and to appeal for relief from the destruction which had been unleashed against my defenceless nation, by the fascist invader. I spoke then both to and for the conscience of the world. My words went unheeded, but history testifies to the accuracy of the warning that I gave in 1936. Today, I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor. In this body is enshrined the principle of collective security which I unsuccessfully invoked at Geneva. Here, in this Assembly, reposes the best – perhaps the last – hope for the peaceful survival of mankind.[121]

On 25 November 1963, the emperor was among other heads of state, including France's President Charles de Gaulle, who traveled to Washington D.C. and attended the funeral of assassinated President John F. Kennedy.
In 1966, Haile Selassie attempted to create a modern, progressive tax[citation needed] that included registration of land, which would significantly weaken the nobility. Even with alterations, this law led to a revolt in Gojjam, which was repressed although enforcement of the tax was abandoned. The revolt, having achieved its design in undermining the tax, encouraged other landowners to defy Haile Selassie.




Haile Selassie on a state visit to Washington, 1963


While he had fully approved of, and assured Ethiopia's participation in, UN-approved collective security operations, including Korea and Congo, Haile Selassie drew a distinction with the non-UN approved foreign intervention in Indochina, and consistently deplored it as needless suffering, calling for the Vietnam War to end on several occasions. At the same time he remained open toward the United States and commended it for making progress with African Americans' Civil Rights legislation in the 1950s and 1960s, while visiting the US several times during these years.
In 1967, He visited Montreal, Canada to open the Ethiopian Pavilion at the Expo '67 World's Fair where he received great acclaim amongst other World leaders there for the occasion.
Student unrest became a regular feature of Ethiopian life in the 1960s and 1970s. Marxism took root in large segments of the Ethiopian intelligentsia, particularly among those who had studied abroad and had thus been exposed to radical and left-wing sentiments that were becoming popular in other parts of the globe.[114] Resistance by conservative elements at the Imperial Court and Parliament, and by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, made Haile Selassie's land reform proposals difficult to implement, and also damaged the standing of the government, costing Haile Selassie much of the goodwill he had once enjoyed. This bred resentment among the peasant population. Efforts to weaken unions also hurt his image. As these issues began to pile up, Haile Selassie left much of domestic governance to his Prime Minister, Aklilu Habte Wold, and concentrated more on foreign affairs.
1970s[edit]




Haile Selassie I in Toledo (Spain) in April 1971. Picture by Eduardo Butragueño.


Outside of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie continued to enjoy enormous prestige and respect. As the longest-serving head of state in power, he was often given precedence over other leaders at state events, such as the state funerals of John F. Kennedy and Charles de Gaulle, the summits of the Non-Aligned Movement, and the 1971 celebration of the 2,500 years of the Persian Empire. In 1970 he visited Italy as a guest of President Giuseppe Saragat, and in Milan he met Giordano Dell'Amore, President of Italian Savings Banks Association. He visited China in October 1971, and was the first foreign head of state to meet Mao Zedong following the death of Mao's designated successor Lin Biao in a plane crash in Mongolia.
Human rights in Ethiopia under Selassie's regime were poor. Civil liberties and political rights were low with Freedom House giving Ethiopia a "Not Free" score for both civil liberties and political rights in the last years of Selassie's rule.[122] Common human right abuses included imprisonment and torture of political prisoners and very poor prison conditions.[9] The Ethiopian army also carried out a number of these atrocities while fighting the Eritrean separatists. This was due to a policy of destroying Eritrean villages that supported the rebels. There were a number of mass killings of hundreds of civilians during the war in the late 1960s and early '70s.[123][124][125][126]
Wollo famine[edit]
Famine—mostly in Wollo, north-eastern Ethiopia, as well as in some parts of Tigray—is estimated to have killed 40,000 to 80,000 Ethiopians[8][127] between 1972 and 1974. A BBC News report[128] has cited a 1973 estimate that 200,000 deaths occurred, based on a contemporaneous estimate from the Ethiopian Nutrition Institute. While this figure is still repeated in some texts and media sources, it was an estimate that was later found to be "over-pessimistic".[130] Although the region is infamous for recurrent crop failures and continuous food shortage and starvation risk, this episode was remarkably severe. A 1973 production of the ITV programme The Unknown Famine by Jonathan Dimbleby.[131][132] relied on the unverified estimate of 200,000 dead,[128][133] stimulating a massive influx of aid while at the same time destabilizing Haile Selassie's regime.[127] Against that background, a group of dissident army officers instigated a creeping coup against the emperor's faltering regime. To guard against a public backlash in favour of Haile Selassie (who was still widely revered), they contrived to obtain a copy of The Unknown Famine which they intercut with images of Africa's grand old man presiding at a wedding feast in the grounds of his palace. Retitled The Hidden Hunger, it was shown round the clock on Ethiopian television to coincide with the day that they finally summoned the nerve to seize the emperor himself.[134]




The 1973 oil crisis, the severity of which is demonstrated by this graph, hit Ethiopia amidst a devastating famine, compounding its effect and undermining support for the emperor.[112]


Some reports suggest that the emperor was unaware of the extent of the famine,[128] while others assert that he was well aware of it.[135][136] In addition to the exposure of attempts by corrupt local officials to cover up the famine from the imperial government, the Kremlin's depiction of Haile Selassie's Ethiopia as backwards and inept (relative to the purported utopia of Marxism-Leninism) contributed to the popular uprising that led to its downfall and the rise of Mengistu Haile Mariam.[137] The famine and its image in the media undermined popular support of the government, and Haile Selassie's once unassailable personal popularity fell.[138]
The crisis was exacerbated by military mutinies and high oil prices, the latter a result of the 1973 oil crisis. The international economic crisis triggered by the oil crisis caused the costs of imported goods, gasoline, and food to skyrocket, while unemployment spiked.[112]
Revolution[edit]
In February 1974, four days of serious riots in Addis Ababa against a sudden economic inflation left five dead. The emperor responded by announcing on national television a reduction in petrol prices and a freeze on the cost of basic commodities. This calmed the public, but the promised 33% military wage hike was not substantial enough to pacify the army, which then mutinied, beginning in Asmara and spreading throughout the empire. This mutiny led to the resignation of Prime Minister Aklilu Habte-Wold on 27 February 1974.[139] Haile Selassie again went on television to agree to the army's demands for still greater pay, and named Endelkachew Makonnen as his new Prime Minister. Despite Endalkatchew's many concessions, discontent continued in March with a four-day general strike that paralyzed the nation.
Imprisonment[edit]




The deposition of Emperor Haile Selassie I (above rear window) from the Jubilee Palace on 12 September 1974, marking the coup d'état's action on that day and the assumption of power by the Derg.


The Derg, a committee of low-ranking military officers and enlisted men, set up in June to investigate the military's demands, took advantage of the government's disarray to depose Haile Selassie on 12 September 1974. General Aman Mikael Andom, a Protestant of Eritrean origin,[139] served briefly as provisional head of state pending the return of Crown Prince Asfa Wossen, who was then receiving medical treatment abroad. Haile Selassie was placed under house arrest briefly at the 4th Army Division in Addis Ababa,[139] while most of his family was detained at the late Duke of Harar's residence in the north of the capital. The last months of the emperor's life were spent in imprisonment, in the Grand Palace.[140] Reportedly, his mental condition was such that he believed he was still Emperor of Ethiopia.[141]
Later, most of the imperial family was imprisoned in the Addis Ababa prison Kerchele, also known as "Alem Bekagne", or "I've had Enough of This World". On 23 November 1974, sixty former high officials of the imperial government were executed without trial.[142] The executed included Haile Selassie's grandson and two former Prime Ministers.[140] These killings, known to Ethiopians as "Bloody Saturday", were condemned by Crown Prince Asfa Wossen; the Derg responded to his rebuke by revoking its acknowledgment of his imperial legitimacy, and announcing the end of the Solomonic dynasty.[142]
Death and interment[edit]
On 28 August 1975, the state media reported that the "ex-monarch" Haile Selassie had died on 27 August of "respiratory failure" following complications from a prostate examination followed up by a prostate operation.[143] His doctor, Asrat Woldeyes, denied that complications had occurred and rejected the government version of his death.[citation needed] Some imperial loyalists believed that the emperor had in fact been assassinated, and this belief remains widely held to this day.[144] One western correspondent in Ethiopia at the time commented, "While it is not known what actually happened, there are strong indications that no efforts were made to save him. It is unlikely that he was actually killed. Such rumors were bound to arise no matter what happened, given the atmosphere of suspicion and distrust prevailing in Addis Ababa at the time."[145]
The Soviet-backed Derg fell in 1991. In 1992, the emperor's bones were found under a concrete slab on the palace grounds;[144] some reports suggest that his remains were discovered beneath a latrine.[146] For almost a decade thereafter, as Ethiopian courts attempted to sort out the circumstances of his death, his coffin rested in Bhata Church, near his great-uncle Menelik II's resting place.[147] On 5 November 2000, Haile Selassie was given an imperial-style funeral by the Ethiopian Orthodox church. The post-communist government refused calls to declare the ceremony an official imperial funeral.[147]
Although such prominent Rastafari figures as Rita Marley and others participated in the grand funeral, most Rastafari rejected the event and refused to accept that the bones were the remains of Haile Selassie. There remains some debate within the Rastafari movement whether Haile Selassie actually died in 1975.[148]
Descendants[edit]




Prince Makonnen, son of Haile Selassie I.


By Menen Asfaw, Haile Selassie had six children: Princess Tenagnework, Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen, Princess Tsehai, Princess Zenebework, Prince Makonnen, and Prince Sahle Selassie.
There is some controversy as to the motherhood of Haile Selassie's eldest daughter, Princess Romanework. While the living members of the royal family state that Romanework is the eldest daughter of Empress Menen,[149] it has been asserted that Princess Romanework is actually the daughter of a previous union of the emperor with Woizero Altayech.[150] This may be a nickname she used, as nobleman Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos, a contemporary source prominent in both the Imperial Court and the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church names her as Woizero Woinetu Amede. The emperor's own autobiography makes no mention of this previous marriage or having fathered children with anyone other than Empress Menen, although he mentions the death of this daughter in captivity at Turin. Other sources such as Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos mentions Princess Romanework's mother Woizero Woinetu Amede as attending the wedding of her daughter to Dejazmatch Beyene Merid in a first hand account in his book about the years before the Italian occupation.
Prince Asfaw Wossen was first married to Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum and then following their divorce to Princess Medferiashwork Abebe. Prince Makonnen was married to Princess Sara Gizaw. Prince Sahle Selassie was married to Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam. Princess Romanework married Dejazmatch Beyene Merid. Princess Tenagnework first married Ras Desta Damtew, and after she was widowed later married Ras Andargachew Messai. Princess Zenebework married Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Gugsa. Princess Tsehai married Lt. General Abiye Abebe.


Name
Birth
Death
Spouse
Children


Princess Romanework
Circa 1909
14 October 1941
Dejazmatch Beyene Merid
Dejazmatch Merid Beyene
Dejazmatch Samson Beyene
Lij Getachew Beyene
Lij Gideon Beyene


Princess Tenagnework
12 January 1912
6 April 2003
1st Ras Desta Damtew
2nd Ras Andargatchew Messai
Princess Aida Desta
Prince Amha Desta
Princess Seble Desta
Rear Admiral Prince Iskinder Desta
Princess Hirut Desta
Princess Sophia Desta
Emebet Tsige Mariam Abebe Retta
Emebet Mentewab Andargatchew(died in childhood)


Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
27 July 1916
17 February 1997
1st Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum
2nd Princess Medferiashwork Abebe
Princess Ijigayehu
Princess Maryam Senna
Princess Sehin Azebe
Princess Sifrash Bizu
Crown Prince Zera Yacob


Princess Zenebework
25 July 1918
25 March 1933
Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Guglsa



Princess Tsehai
13 October 1919
17 August 1942
Lt. General Abiye Abebe



Prince Makonnen Duke of Harrar
16 October 1923
13 May 1957
Princess Sara Gizaw Duchess of Harrar
Prince Paul Wossen Seged Makonnen Duke of Harrar
Prince Mikael Makonnen
Prince Tefferi Makonnen
Prince Dawit Makonnen (or Makonnen Makonnen)
Prince Beede Mariam Makonnen


Prince Sahle Selassie
27 February 1931
24 April 1962
Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam
Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie


Rastafari messiah[edit]


“
…Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
”


—  Psalms 68:31




Rastafari





Main doctrines







Jah
Ital






Zion
Cannabis use







Central figures







Haile Selassie I
Jesus






Menen Asfaw
Marcus Garvey







Key scriptures







Bible
Kebra Nagast






My Life and Ethiopia's Progress






The Promise Key
Holy Piby




Royal Parchment Scroll
of Black Supremacy





Branches







Mansions
in the U.S.






Bobo Ashanti
Nyabinghi



Twelve Tribes of Israel




Festivals







Shashamane
Grounation Day



Reasoning




Notable individuals




Leonard Howell
Joseph Hibbert
Archibald Dunkley
Mortimer Planno
Vernon Carrington
Charles Edwards
Bob Marley
Peter Tosh




See also







Vocabulary
Persecution






Dreadlocks
Reggae



Roots reggae
Lion of Judah
Ethiopian Christianity
Chalice
Index of Rastafari articles







v
t
e





Today, Haile Selassie is worshipped as God incarnate[151] among followers of the Rastafari movement (taken from Haile Selassie's pre-imperial name Ras—meaning Head, a title equivalent to Duke—Tafari Makonnen), which emerged in Jamaica during the 1930s under the influence of Marcus Garvey's "Pan Africanism" movement. He is viewed as the messiah who will lead the peoples of Africa and the African diaspora to freedom.[152] His official titles are Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah and King of Kings of Ethiopia and Elect of God, and his traditional lineage is thought to be from Solomon and Sheba.[153] These notions are perceived by Rastafari as confirmation of the return of the messiah in the prophetic Book of Revelation in the New Testament: King of Kings, Lord of Lords, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, and Root of David. Rastafari faith in the incarnate divinity of Haile Selassie[154] began after news reports of his coronation reached Jamaica,[155] particularly via the two Time magazine articles on the coronation the week before and the week after the event. Haile Selassie's own perspectives permeate the philosophy of the movement.[155][156]
In 1961, the Jamaican government sent a delegation composed of both Rastafari and non-Rastafari leaders to Ethiopia to discuss the matter of repatriation, among other issues, with the emperor. He reportedly told the Rastafari delegation (which included Mortimer Planno), "Tell the Brethren to be not dismayed, I personally will give my assistance in the matter of repatriation."[157]
Haile Selassie visited Jamaica on 21 April 1966, and approximately one hundred thousand Rastafari from all over Jamaica descended on Palisadoes Airport in Kingston,[155] having heard that the man whom they considered to be their messiah was coming to visit them. Spliffs[158] and chalices[159] were openly[160] smoked, causing "a haze of ganja smoke" to drift through the air.[161][162][163] Haile Selassie arrived at the airport but was unable to come down the mobile steps of the airplane, as the crowd rushed the tarmac. He then returned into the plane, disappearing for several more minutes. Finally, Jamaican authorities were obliged to request Ras Mortimer Planno, a well-known Rasta leader, to climb the steps, enter the plane, and negotiate the emperor's descent.[164] Planno re-emerged and announced to the crowd: "The Emperor has instructed me to tell you to be calm. Step back and let the Emperor land".[165] This day is widely held by scholars to be a major turning point for the movement,[166][167][168] and it is still commemorated by Rastafari as Grounation Day, the anniversary of which is celebrated as the second holiest holiday after 2 November, the emperor's Coronation Day.
From then on, as a result of Planno's actions, the Jamaican authorities were asked to ensure that Rastafari representatives were present at all state functions attended by the emperor,[167][168] and Rastafari elders also ensured that they obtained a private audience with the emperor,[167] where he reportedly told them that they should not emigrate to Ethiopia until they had first liberated the people of Jamaica. This dictum came to be known as "liberation before repatriation".
Haile Selassie defied expectations of the Jamaican authorities[169] and never rebuked the Rastafari for their belief in him as the returned Jesus. Instead, he presented the movement's faithful elders with gold medallions – the only recipients of such an honor on this visit.[170][171] During PNP leader (later Jamaican Prime Minister) Michael Manley's visit to Ethiopia in October 1969, the emperor allegedly still recalled his 1966 reception with amazement, and stated that he felt that he had to be respectful of their beliefs.[172] This was the visit when Manley received the Rod of Correction or Rod of Joshua as a present from the emperor, which is thought to have helped him to win the 1972 election in Jamaica.
Rita Marley, Bob Marley's wife, converted to the Rastafari faith after seeing Haile Selassie on his Jamaican trip. She claimed in interviews (and in her book No Woman, No Cry) that she saw a stigmata print on the palm of Haile Selassie's hand as he waved to the crowd which resembled the markings on Christ's hands from being nailed to the cross—a claim that was not supported by other sources, but was used as evidence for her and other Rastafari to suggest that Haile Selassie I was indeed their messiah.[173] She was also influential in the conversion of Bob Marley, who then became internationally recognized. As a result, Rastafari became much better known throughout much of the world.[174] Bob Marley's posthumously released song "Iron Lion Zion" refers to Haile Selassie.
Question of his divinity[edit]
In a 1967 recorded interview Haile Selassie appeared to deny his alleged divinity. In the interview Bill McNeil says: "there are millions of Christians throughout the world, your Imperial Majesty, who regard you as the reincarnation of Jesus Christ." Selassie replied in his native language:

I have heard of that idea. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I will be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that a human being is emanated from a deity.[175]

For many Rastafari the CBC interview is not interpreted as a denial of his divinity, and according to Robert Earl Hood, Haile Selassie neither denied nor affirmed his divinity either way.[176] In Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music, Kevin Chang and Wayne Chen note

It's often said, though no definite date is ever cited, that Haile Selassie himself denied his divinity. Former senator and Gleaner editor, Hector Wynter, tells of asking him, during his visit to Jamaica in 1966, when he was going to tell Rastafari he was not God. "Who am I to disturb their belief?" replied the emperor.[169]

After his return to Ethiopia, he dispatched Archbishop Abuna Yesehaq Mandefro to the Caribbean to help draw Rastafari and other West Indians to the Ethiopian church and, according to some sources, denied his divinity.[177][178][179][180]
In 1948, Haile Selassie donated a piece of land at Shashamane, 250 km south of Addis Ababa, for the use of people of African descent from the West Indies. Numerous Rastafari families settled there and still live as a community to this day.[181]
Biographical film[edit]
In 2008 a full-length feature film, Man of the Millennium, was produced by an Ethiopian film-maker Tikher Teferra Kidane of Exodus Films, in collaboration with an Alaskan TV station Tanana Valley TV and 4th Avenue Films.[182]
Quotations[edit]

A house built on granite and strong foundations, not even the onslaught of pouring rain, gushing torrents and strong winds will be able to pull down. Some people have written the story of my life representing as truth what in fact derives from ignorance, error or envy; but they cannot shake the truth from its place, even if they attempt to make others believe it.
— Preface to My Life and Ethiopia's Progress, Autobiography of H.I.M. Haile Selassie I (English translation)


That until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned: That until there are no longer first-class and second-class citizens of any nation; That until the color of a man's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes; That until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race; That until that day, the dream of lasting peace and world citizenship and the rule of international morality will remain but a fleeting illusion, to be pursued but never attained and until the ignoble but unhappy regimes that hold our brothers in Angola, in Mozambique, and in South Africa in subhuman bondage have been toppled and destroyed; until bigotry and prejudice and malicious and inhuman self-interest have been replaced by understanding and tolerance and goodwill; until all Africans stand and speak as free human beings, equal in the eyes of the Almighty; until that day, the African continent shall not know peace. We Africans will fight if necessary and we know that we shall win as we are confident in the victory of good over evil.
— English translation of 1963 Speech delivered to the United Nations and popularized in a song called "War" by Bob Marley.


Our attitude to the Somalis who belong to the same race as the Ethiopian people and share with them a common history, has always been crystal clear.
— April 5, 1958 Interview with BBC


Apart from the Kingdom of the Lord there is not on this earth any nation that is superior to any other. Should it happen that a strong Government finds it may with impunity destroy a weak people, then the hour strikes for that weak people to appeal to the League of Nations to give its judgment in all freedom. God and history will remember your judgment.
— Address to the League of Nations, 1936.


We have finished the job. What shall we do with the tools?
— Telegram to Winston Churchill, 1941.


Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted; the indifference of those who should have known better; the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most; that has made it possible for evil to triumph.


Today I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor.
— In a speech to the United Nations.


Misguided people sometimes create misguided ideas. Some of my ancestors were Oromo. How can I colonize myself?
— in response to accusations by dissidents


I have heard of that idea [i.e., of Haile Selassie being the reincarnation of Jesus Christ]. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I would be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that the human being is emanated from a deity."
— Interview with Bill McNeil.


A qualified man with vision, unmoved by daily selfish interests, will be led to right decisions by his conscience. In general, a man who knows from whence he comes and where he is going will co-operate with his fellow human beings. He will not be satisfied with merely doing his ordinary duties but will inspire others by his good example. You are being watched by the nation and you should realize that you will satisfy it if you do good; but if, on the contrary, you do evil, it will lose its hope and its confidence in you."
— 2 July 1963 – University Graduation

Title as emperor[edit]

2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974: His Imperial Majesty the King of Kings of Ethiopia, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, Elect of God.

Honours[edit]
National orders[edit]

 Chief Commander of the Order of the Star of Ethiopia (1909)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Solomon (1930)[184]
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Seal of Solomon[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Queen of Sheba[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Holy Trinity (Ethiopia)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Menelik II[183]

Foreign orders[edit]


 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) (United Kingdom, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown of Italy (Kingdom of Italy, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus (Kingdom of Italy, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Redeemer (Kingdom of Greece, 19 August 1924)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (Belgium, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau (Luxembourg, 25 May 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Legion d'Honneur (France, 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Tower and Sword (Portugal, 1925)
 Knight of the Order of the Most Holy Annunciation (Kingdom of Italy, 1928)
 Royal Victorian Chain (United Kingdom, 1930)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1930)
 Collar of the Order of Muhammad Ali (Kingdom of Egypt, 1930)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion (Netherlands, 1930)
 Knight of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland, 1930)
 Croix de guerre 1939–1945 with a bronze palm (France, 1945)
 Chief Commander of the Legion of Merit (USA, 1945)
 Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of St. Olav (Norway, 1949)
 Yugoslav Great Star (Yugoslavia, 1954)
 Medal of Military Merit 1st Class (Kingdom of Greece, 28 October 1954)
 Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany, 1954)
 Military Medal (France, 1954)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Military William Order (Netherlands, 3 November 1954)[185]
 Honorary Knight of the Order of the Garter (KG) (United Kingdom, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Elephant (RE) (Denmark, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Seraphim (RSerafO) (Sweden, 1954)
 Collar of the Order of the Aztec Eagle (Mexico, 1954)
 Grand Star of the Order of Merit of the Austrian Republic (Austria, 1954)
Honorary Citizen of Belgrade (Yugoslavia, 1954)[186]
 Member of the Order of Merit for National Foundation, the "Order of the Republic of Korea" grade (South Korea, 1955)
 Knight Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (Italy, 1955)
 Collar of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1956)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Vietnam (South Vietnam, 1958)
Grand Commander of the Order of Truth (Burma, 1958)
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Southern Cross (Brazil, 1958)
 Star of the Republic of Indonesia, 1st Class (Indonesia, 1958)
 Hilal-i-Pakistan, 1st Class (Pakistan, 1958)
 Knight of the Order of the Royal House of Chakri (Thailand, 1958)
 Riband of the Three Military (Order Of Christ, Order of Saint Benedict of Aviz, and Order of St. James of the Sword) (Portugal, 1959)
 Korean War Service Medal (South Korea, 1959)
 1st Class of the Order of Suvorov (USSR, 1959)
Grand Cross of the Order of the Somali Star (Somalia)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Nile (Egypt, 22 May 1963)
 Commander of the Order of the Shield and Spears (Buganda, 1964)
 Grand Collar of the Order of Pahlavi (Iran, 1964)
 Star of the People's Republic of Romania (Romania, 1964)
 Member 1st Class with Diamonds of the Order of the Flag of the Republic of Hungary (Hungary, 1964)
Jamaica Kings House Honouree (Jamaica, 1966)
 Collar of the National Order of Honour and Merit (Haiti, 1966)
 Necklace of the Order of Jean-Jacques Dessalines the Great (Haiti, 1966)[187]
 Grand Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (Poland, 1967)
 Honorary Recipient of the Order of the Crown of the Realm (D.M.N.) (Malaysia, 21 May 1968)
 Companion of the Order of the Star of Ghana (CSG) (Ghana, 1970)
 Collar of the Order of Pius IX (Holy See, 1970)
 Knight Collar of the Order of Charles III (Spain, 27 April 1971)[188]
 Commemorative Medal of the 2500th Anniversary of the founding of the Persian Empire (Iran, 14 October 1971)[189]
Honorary Citizen of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Yugoslavia, 1972)[190]
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator General San Martín (Argentina)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Dahomey (Benin)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Condor of the Andes (Bolivia)
 Order of Valour (Cameroon)
 Order of Central African Merit (Central African Republic)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Chad (Republic of Chad)
 Collar of the Order of Merit (Chile)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Merit (Congo)
 Order of the White Lion 1st Class with Collar (Czechoslovakia)
 Collar of the Order of the White Rose (Finland)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Equatorial Star (Gabon)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Guinea)
 Grand Order of the Hashemites (Kingdom of Iraq)
 Order of al-Hussein bin Ali (Jordan)
 Grand Chief of the Order of the Golden Heart (Kenya)
 Extraordinary Grade of the Order of Merit (Lebanon)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Pioneers of Liberia (Liberia)
 Order of Idris I (Libya)
 Grand Cordon of the National Order of Madagascar (Madagascar)
 Order of the Lion (Malawi)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Mali (Mali)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Mauritania)
Order of Muhammad (Morocco)
 Grand Cross of the National Order (Niger)
 Order of the Federal Republic (Nigeria)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru (Peru)
 Raja of the Order of Sikatuna (Philippines)
 Order of Abdulaziz al Saud, 1st Class (Saudi Arabia)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Lion (Senegal)
 Cordon of Honour (Sudan)
 Order of Umayyad (Syria)
 Special Grade of the Order of Propitious Clouds (Taiwan)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Mono (Togo)
 Order of Independence (Tunisia)
 Order of the Source of the Nile (Uganda)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Upper Volta (Republic of Upper Volta)
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator (Venezuela)
 Collar of the National Order of the Leopard (Zaire)
 Collar of the Order of the Eagle of Zambia (Zambia)


Ancestry[edit]


Ancestors of Haile Selassie







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

8. Dejazmach Wolde Malakot Yamana Krestos

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

4. Dejazmach Wolde Mikael Gudessa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

9. Woizero Kalama Worq

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

2. Ras Mäkonnen Wäldä-Mika'él Guddisa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Meridazmach Wossen Seged



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Meridazmach Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Woizero Zenebework



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Immabet Tenagnework Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22.



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Woizero Yimegnushal Ayele

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Etalemahu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

6. Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar of Woreilu

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

3. Woizero Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

14. Ato Yimeru of Gurage

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

7. Immabet-Hoy Walatta Ihata Giyorgis Yimeru

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

15. Woizero Araza-Aregai

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






















Military ranks[edit]
Haile Selassie held the following ranks:[191]

Field Marshal, Imperial Ethiopian Army
Admiral of the Fleet, Imperial Ethiopian Navy
Marshal of the Imperial Ethiopian Air Force
Field Marshal, British Army, 20 January 1965[192]

Popular culture[edit]

William Saroyan wrote a short story about him entitled The Lion of Judah in his 1971 book, Letters from 74 rue Taitbout or Don't Go But If You Must Say Hello To Everybody.
His name is often called out in vain by Hermes Conrad, a Rastafarian Accountant from the show Futurama
Featured as a playable leader in the computer strategy game Civilization V: Brave New World
Rex Stewart, a jazz cornetist, thought about Haile Selassie when he was creating a tune named Menelik (The Lion of Juda) which was recorded in 1941.

See also[edit]

Black Lions
Desta Damtew
List of people who have been considered deities

Notes[edit]
Footnotes[edit]



^ Translates to "Power of the Trinity".[1]
^ Pronounced in English as /ˈhaɪli səˈlæsi/ or /səˈlɑːsi/.[2][3]
^ Ge'ez ግርማዊ ቀዳማዊ አፄ ኃይለ ሥላሴ ሞዓ አንበሳ ዘእምነገደ ይሁዳ ንጉሠ ነገሥት ዘኢትዮጵያ ሰዩመ እግዚአብሔር; girmāwī ḳedāmāwī 'aṣē ḫayle śillāsē, mō'ā 'anbessā ze'imneggede yihudā niguse negest ze'ītyōṗṗyā, siyume 'igzī'a'bihēr.[citation needed]
^ Bālemulu literally means "fully empowered" or "wholly authorised", thus distinguishing it from the general use of Enderase, that being a representative or lieutenant of the Emperor to fiefs or vassals, essentially a Governor-General or Viceroy, by which term provincial governors in the contemporary Imperial period, during Haile Selassie's reign, were referred.[citation needed]
^ Balcha Safo brought an army of ten thousand with him from Sidamo.[37]
^ Balcha Safo's personal bodyguard numbered about five hundred.[37]



Citations[edit]


^ Gates, Henry Louis and Appiah, Anthony, Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience. 1999, p. 902.
^ "Haile Selassie", Merriam-webster, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Haile Selassie", Dictionary, Reference, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ Page, Melvin Eugene; Sonnenburg, Penny M. (2003). Colonialism: an international, social, cultural, and political encyclopedia. 1. ABC-CLIO. p. 247. ISBN 978-1-57607-335-3. 
^ a b Safire 1997, pp. 297–8.
^ Karsh, Efraim (1988), Neutrality and Small States. Routledge. ISBN 0-41500507-8, p. 112.
^ Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs. ISBN 1-58648398-6, pp. 212–13.
^ a b c Rebellion and Famine in the North under Haile Selassie (PDF), Human Rights Watch .
^ a b Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998), "Feeding on Ethiopia's Famine", The Independent, UK .
^ "Rastafarian", Major religions ranked by size, Adherents .
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Sullivan, Michael, C. (2005), In Search of a Perfect World. Author House. ISBN 1-42084161-0, p. 86.
^ Erlich, Haggai (2002), The Cross and the River: Ethiopia, Egypt, and the Nile. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587970-5, p. 192.
^ Murrell, p. 148
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia dies at 83", The New York Times .
^ a b Murrell, pp. 172–3.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xiii.
^ "Haile Selasie: 40 year anniversary of his death". African calendar. Africa Media Online. 
^ Roberts, Neil (11 February 2015). Freedom as Marronage. University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 9780226201047. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ Murrell, p. 159.
^ Lee V. (1983, July), "The Roots of Rastafari", Yoga Journal No. 51. ISSN 0191-0965, p. 18
^ Ghai, Yash P. (2000), Autonomy and Ethnicity: Negotiating Competing Claims in Multi-Ethnic States. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52178642-8, p. 176.
^ a b Kasuka, Bridgette (2012). Prominent African Leaders Since Independence. Bankole Kamara Taylor. p. 19. ISBN 1-47004358-0. 
^ "Shoa 3". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ a b de Moor, Jaap and Wesseling, H. L. (1989), Imperialism and War: Essays on Colonial Wars in Asia and Africa. Brill. ISBN 9004088342, p. 189.
^ a b Woodward, Peter (1994), Conflict and Peace in the Horn of Africa: federalism and its alternatives. Dartmouth Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85521486-5, p. 29.
^ Shinn, p. 265.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xii.
^ a b c Shinn, pp. 193–4.
^ a b Roberts, p. 712.
^ a b White, pp. 34–5.
^ "Modern era". History of Ethiopia. Solomonic crown heraldry. Archived from the original on 26 September 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ Mockler, p. 387.
^ Lentakis, Michael B. (2004), Ethiopia: Land of the Lotus Eaters. Janus Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85756558-4, p. 41.
^ a b Shinn, p. 228.
^ Marcus, p. 126.
^ a b c d e Marcus, p. 127.
^ Marcus, Harold (1996), Haile Selassie I: The formative years, 1892–1936. Trenton: Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902007-8, pp. 36ff.
^ Clarence-Smith, W. G. The Economics of the Indian Ocean Slave Trade in the Nineteenth Century. 1989, p. 103.
^ Miers, Twentieth Century Solutions of the Abolition of Slavery (PDF), Yale .
^ Brody, J. Kenneth (2000). The Avoidable War. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-76580498-0. p. 209.
^ Marcus, p. 123.
^ Gates and Appiah, Africana (1999), p. 698.
^ Rogers, Joel Augustus (1936). The Real Facts about Ethiopia. p. 27.
^ a b c Mockler, pp. 3–4.
^ ETHIOPIAN RULER WINS PLAUDITS OF PARISIANS, The New York Times. 17 May 1924.
^ ETHIOPIAN ROYALTIES DON SHOES IN CAIRO, The New York Times. 5 May 1924.
^ Mockler, p. 4.
^ Nidel, Richard (2005), World Music: The Basics. Routledge. ISBN 0415968003, p. 56.
^ a b Roberts, p. 723.
^ Marcus, p. 129.
^ Mockler, p. 8.
^ Marcus, pp. 127–28.
^ Roberts, p. 724.
^ Sorenson, John (2001). Ghosts and Shadows: Construction of Identity and Community in an African Diaspora. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-80208331-5 p. 34.
^ Brockman, Norbert C. (1994), An African Biographical Dictionary. ABC-CLIO. ISBN 0-87436748-4, p. 381.
^ Henze, Paul B. (2000), Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia. C. Hurst & Co. Publishers. ISBN 1-85065393-3, p. 205.
^ a b Mockler, p. 12.
^ Abyssinian ruler honors Americans. The New York Times. 24 October 1930.
^ Wallace, Irving (1965). "Everybody's Rover Boy", p. 113 in The Sunday Gentleman. New York: Simon & Schuster.
^ "Emperor is Crowned in Regal Splendor at African Capital". The New York Times. 3 November 1930.
^ ABYSSINIA'S GUESTS RECEIVE COSTLY GIFTS. The New York Times. 12 November 1930.
^ "Emperor of Ethiopia Honors Bishop Freeman; Sends Gold-Encased Bible and Cross for Prayer". The New York Times. 27 January 1931.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 17.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 22.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020515, p. 22.
^ Mockler, p. 61.
^ a b Carlton, Eric (1992), Occupation: The Policies and Practices of Military Conquerors. Taylor & Francis. ISBN 0-20314346-9, pp. 88–9.
^ a b Vandervort, Bruce (1998), Wars of Imperial Conquest in Africa, 1830–1914. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-25321178-6, p. 158.
^ Churchill, Winston (1986). The Second World War. p. 165.
^ Chapter 35 – We proclaim mobilization at the Wayback Machine (archived 11 June 2009) in Words of RasTafarI, Haile Selassie I. Jah-rastafari. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Baudendistel, Rainer (2006), Between Bombs And Good Intentions: The Red Cross And the Italo-Ethiopian War. Berghahn Books. ISBN 1-84545035-3, p. 168.
^ Young, John (1997), Peasant Revolution in Ethiopia. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52102606-7, p. 51.
^ Garvey, Marcus, The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers. 1991, p. 685.
^ Mockler, p. 123.
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 62.
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 132
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 72.
^ Moseley, Ray (1999), Mussolini's Shadow: The Double Life of Count Galeazzo Ciano. Yale University Press. ISBN 0-30007917-6, p. 27.
^ Jarrett-Macauley, Delia (1998), The Life of Una Marson, 1905–65, Manchester University Press, ISBN 0-71905284-X, pp. 102–3.
^ Safire 1997, p. 318.
^ Ferraro, Vincent. "Haile Selassie, "Appeal to the League of Nations", June 1936". Mtholyoke. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Man of the Year", Time (magazine), 6 January 1936 .
^ Time 1937.
^ Elleray, D. Robert (1998). A Millennium Encyclopaedia of Worthing History. Worthing: Optimus Books. p. 119. ISBN 0-9533132-0-4. 
^ Selassie at Wimbledon, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society, Summer 2006, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Exiled emperor at home in hotel". Malvern Gazette. 18 October 2002. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor's life in town is recalled in BBC film". Malvern Gazette. 14 February 2003. Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "'Princesses were my school chums'". Malvern Gazette. Newsquest Media Group. 5 May 2006. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor will be remembered as part of civic week". Malvern Gazette. 6 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Civic week to be launched with ceremony". Malvern Gazette. 21 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 11–2..
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 26–27..
^ a b Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 25.
^ a b Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004), Ethiopia: A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-41911857-9, pp. 60–61.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 27.
^ a b c Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 40–42.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 170.
^ Shinn, p. 3.
^ Haber, Lutz, The Emperor Haile Selassie I in Bath 1936–1940, Occasional papers, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society .
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 156.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 165.
^ Hinks, Peter P.; McKivigan, John R. and Williams, R. Owen (2007). Encyclopedia of Antislavery and Abolition, Greenwood Publishing Group, p. 248. ISBN 0-313-33143-X.
^ Shinn, p. 201.
^ a b Shinn, pp. 140–1.
^ a b c d e Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004). Ethiopia A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1419118579. pp. 63–4.
^ Willcox Seidman, Ann (1990), Apartheid, Militarism, and the U.S. Southeast. Africa World Press. ISBN 0865431515, p. 78.
^ a b c Watson, John H. (2000), Among the Copts. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 978-1-902210-56-8, p. 56.
^ "Ethiopian Korean War Veterans", Geo cities, Yahoo!, Archived from the original on 26 October 2009 CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link).
^ Nathaniel, Ras (2004), 50th Anniversary of His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1-41203702-6, p. 30.
^ "Ethiopia Administrative Change and the 1955 Constitution". Country studies. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Mammo, Tirfe (1999). The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge. The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902049-3, p. 103.
^ Addis Zemen newspaper, 3 October 1947.
^ a b Zewde, Bahru (2001), A History of Modern Ethiopia. Oxford: James Currey. ISBN 0852557868, pp. 220–26.
^ a b Mammo, Tirfe (1999), The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge.The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020493, p. 100.
^ "General Assembly Resolutions 5th Session". United Nations. Retrieved 16 October 2007. 
^ Haile, Semere (1987), "The Origins and Demise of the Ethiopia-Eritrea Federation", Issue: A Journal of Opinion, 15, pp. 9–17.
^ "Ethiopia: New African Union Building and Kwame Statue" (Video) at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 June 2012). Jimma Times. 29 January 2012
^ Brewer, Sam Pope (5 October 1963), Selassie, at U.N., Recalls 1936 Plea to League, The New York Times.
^ "Photo # 84497", Emperor of Ethiopia Addresses General Assembly, New York: United Nations, 4 October 1963 .
^ Wikisource:Selassie's Address to the United Nations
^ "Country ratings and status, FIW 1973-2012" (XLS). Freedom House. 2012. Retrieved 2012-08-22. 
^ "40th anniversary of Hazemo Massacre commemorated". Shabait. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 26 July 2007. 
^ "Eritrean Martyrs' Day". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ Latt, Louise. "Eritrea Re-photographed: Landscape Changes in the Eritrean Highlands 1890-2004" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 4 March 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ "Dates in Eritrean History". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ a b De Waal, p. 58.
^ a b c Dickinson, Daniel, "The last of the Ethiopian emperors", BBC News, Addis Ababa, 12 May 2005.
^ De Waal.
^ De Waal (1991b), "3. Rebellion and famine in the north under Haile Selassie", Evil Days (PDF), p. 58, n. 7 ; from .[129]
^ "The Unknown Famine in Ethiopia 1973". BBC. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (28 July 2002). "Jonathan Dimbleby and the hidden famine". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Eldridge, John Eric Thomas (1993), Getting the Message: News, Truth and Power. Psychology Press. ISBN 0-41507983-7, p. 26.
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998). "Feeding on Ethiopia's famine". The Independent. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ De Waal, p. 61.
^ Woodward, Peter (2003), The Horn of Africa: Politics and International Relations. I. B. Tauris. ISBN 1-86064870-3, p. 175.
^ Kumar, Krishna (1998). Postconflict Elections, Democratization, and International Assistance. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587778-8, p. 114.
^ "Government and Politics", Ethiopia (country study), Mongabay, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ a b c Launhardt, Johannes (2005). Evangelicals in Addis Ababa (1919–1991). LIT Verlag. ISBN 3-82587791-4, pp. 239–40.
^ a b Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs, ISBN 1-58648398-6, p. 216.
^ Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, 1978. ISBN 0-679-72203-3.
^ a b Shinn, p. 44.
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia Dies at 83". The New York Times. 28 August 1975. Retrieved 21 July 2007. Haile Selassie, the last emperor in the 3,000-year-old Ethiopian monarchy, who ruled for half a century before he was deposed in a military coup last September, died yesterday in a small apartment in his former palace. He was 83 years old. His death was played down by the military rulers who succeeded him in Addis Ababa, who announced it in a normally scheduled radio newscast there at 7 am They said that he had been found dead in his bed by a servant, and that the cause of death was probably related to the effects of a prostate operation Haile Selassie underwent two months ago. 
^ a b "An Imperial Burial for Haile Selassie, 25 Years After Death", The New York Times, 6 November 2000.
^ Ottaway, Marina, and David Ottaway (1978), Ethiopia: Empire in Revolution. New York: Africana. ISBN 0-84190363-8, p. 109, n. 22.
^ "Ethiopians Celebrate a Mass for Exhumed Haile Selassie", The New York Times, 1 March 1992.
^ a b Lorch, Donatella (31 December 1995). "Ethiopia Deals With Legacy of Kings and Colonels". The New York Times.
^ Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19803060-6, p. 55.
^ "Granddaughter Esther Selassie's website genealogy". Afronord.tripod.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Mockler, p. xxvii.
^ "Rastafarian beliefs". BBC. 9 October 2009. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "The African Diaspora, Ethiopianism, and Rastafari". Smithsonian education. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie King of Kings, Conquering Lion of the tribe of Judah". Debate.uvm.edu. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie". Ethiopian History. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Owens, Joseph (1974), Dread, The Rastafarians of Jamaica. ISBN 0-435-98650-3.
^ "The Re-evolution of Rastafari". Rastafari speaks. 20 January 2003. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. pp. 118–. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Christopher John Farley, Before the Legend: The Rise of Bob Marley, p. 145.
^ David Katz, People Funny Boy (Lee Perry biography), p. 41.
^ Murrell, p. 64.
^ David Howard, Kingston: A Cultural and Literary History, p. 176.
^ "The State Visit of Emperor Haile Selassie I". Jamaica-gleaner.com. Archived from the original on 9 December 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Commemorating The Royal Visit by Ijahnya Christian", The Anguillian Newspaper, 22 April 2005.
^ White, pp. 15, 210, 211.
^ Bogues, Anthony (2003), Black Heretics, Black Prophets: Radical Political Intellectuals. Psychology Press. ISBN 0415943256, p. 189.
^ Bradley, Lloyd (2001), This Is Reggae Music: The Story of Jamaica's Music. Grove Press. ISBN 0802138284, pp. 192–93.
^ a b c Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0198030606. p. 86.
^ a b Habekost, Christian (1993), Verbal Riddim: The Politics and Aesthetics of African-Caribbean Dub Poetry. Rodopi. ISBN 9051835493, p. 83.
^ a b O'Brien Chang, Kevin; Chen, Wayne (1998). Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music. Temple University Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-1-56639-629-5. 
^ "African Crossroads – Spiritual Kinsmen" at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 January 2008) Dr. Ikael Tafari, The Daily Nation, 24 December 2007.
^ White, p. 211.
^ Funk, Jerry (2007), Life Is an Excellent Adventure. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1412215005, p. 149.
^ Marley, Rita (2004). No Woman No Cry: My Life with Bob Marley. Hyperion. p. 43. ISBN 978-0-7868-6867-4. 
^ "Bob Marley the Devoted Rastafarian!". Rasta-man-vibration.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Spencer, William David (1998). Dread Jesus. SPCK Publishing. p. 44. ISBN 978-0-28105101-4. 
^ Hood, Robert Earl (January 1990). Must God Remain Greek?: Afro Cultures and God-talk. Fortress Press. pp. 93–. ISBN 978-0-8006-2449-1. 
^ "Ethiopians in D.C. Region Mourn Archbishop's Death". The Washington Post. 13 January 2006. 
^ "Bob Marley Anniversary Spotlights Rasta Religion". National Geographic. 28 October 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie I – God of the Black race". BBC. 
^ Nettleford, Rex (1970), Mirror, Mirror: Identity, Race and Protest in Jamaica, William Collins and Sangster Ltd, Jamaica.
^ "The History and Location of the Shashamane Settlement Community Development Foundation, Inc., USA". Shashamane. Archived from the original on 25 May 2011. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "'Man of the Millennium' - Message from the Director". Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ a b c d e Copley, Gregory R. Ethiopia Reaches Her Hand Unto God: Imperial Ethiopia's Unique Symbols, Structures and Role in the Modern World. Published by Defense & Foreign Affairs, part of the International Strategic Studies Association, 1998. ISBN 1892998009. p.17
^ Religious, Traditional & Ceremonial. The Official Website of The Crown Council of Ethiopia. The Crown Council of Ethiopia. Retrieved 13 August 2014.
^ "Haile Selassie I", Military William Order (in Dutch), Defence, retrieved 9 March 2016 .
^ "Đilas podržao predlog". RS: Blic. Archived from the original on 21 December 2008. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Abbott, Elizabeth (1988), Haiti: An insider's history of the rise and fall of the Duvaliers. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-67168620-8, p. 139.
^ Boletín Oficial del Estado
^ Badraie. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Odluka o proglašenju Njegovog Carskog Veličanstva Cara Etiopije Haila Selasija Prvog za počasnog građanina SFRJ ("Službeni list SFRJ"), br. 33/72 319–655
^ "Shoa 6". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ The London Gazette, Issue: 43567 Page: 1235. Retrieved op 17 January 2017.


Bibliography[edit]

Marcus, Harold G. (1994). A History of Ethiopia. London: University of California Press. p. 316. ISBN 0-520-22479-5. 
Mockler, Anthony (2003). Haile Selassie's War. Signal Books. ISBN 1-90266953-3. 
Murrell, Nathaniel Samuel; Spencer, William David; McFarlane, Adrian Anthony (1998). Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader. Temple University Press. ISBN 1-56639584-4. 
Roberts, Andrew Dunlop (1986). The Cambridge History of Africa: From 1905 to 1940. 7. Cambridge: Press Sindicate of the University of Cambridge. ISBN 0-52122505-1. 
Safire, William (1997), Lend Me Your Ears: Great Speeches in History, W.W. Norton, ISBN 0-39304005-4 .
Selassie, Haile I (1999), My Life and Ethiopia's Progress: The Autobiography of Emperor Haile Selassie I, translated from Amharic by Edward Ullendorff, New York: Frontline Books, ISBN 0-948390-40-9 .
Shinn, David Hamilton; Ofcansky, Thomas P. (2004). Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. Scarecrow Press. ISBN 0-81086566-1. 
"Distressed Negus". Time Magazine. 15 November 1937. Retrieved 19 January 2010. 
De Waal, Alexander (1991). Evil Days: Thirty Years of War and Famine in Ethiopia (PDF). Human Rights Watch. ISBN 1-56432038-3. 
White, Timothy (2006). Catch a Fire: The Life of Bob Marley. Henry Holt & Co. ISBN 0-80508086-4. 

Further reading[edit]

Henze, Paul B (2000), ""The Rise of Haile Selassie: Time of Troubles, Regent, Emperor, Exile" and "Ethiopia in the Modern World: Haile Selassie from Triumph to Tragedy"", Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia, New York: Palgrave, ISBN 0-312-22719-1 .
Kapuściński, Ryszard (1978), The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, ISBN 0-679-72203-3 .
Haile Selassie I: Ethiopia's Lion of Judah, 1979, ISBN 0-88229-342-7
Haile Selassie's war: the Italian-Ethiopian Campaign, 1935–1941, 1984, ISBN 0-394-54222-3
Haile Selassie, western education, and political revolution in Ethiopia, 2006, ISBN 978-1-934043-20-2
King of Kings: the triumph and tragedy of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia, 2015, ISBN 978-1-910376-14-0
Mosley, Leonard, Haile Selassie: The Conquering Lion. Prentice Hall 1965 LCCN 65-11882 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Haile Selassie I.





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Haile Selassie



Ethiopian Treasures – Emperor Haile Selassie I
Imperial Crown Council of Ethiopia
Speech to the League of Nations, June 1936 (full text)
Rare and Unseen: Haile Selassie – slideshow by Life magazine
Marcus Garvey's prophecy of Haile Selassie I as the returned messiah
Haile Selassie I and the Italo-Ethiopian war
Haile Selassie I, the Later Years
A critical look at the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia
BBC article, memories of his personal servant
"His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia visits Jamaica", Watch News Reel (video), Google, 21 April 1966 
Ba Beta Kristiyan Haile Selassie I  – The Church of Haile Selassie I
Haile Selassie I Speaks -Text & Audio-
Collection by Martin Rikli in 1935–1936, including photos of Haile Selassie, open access through the University of Florida Digital Collections
The Emperor's Clothes
A History of Ethiopia




Haile Selassie
House of Solomon
Born: 23 July 1892 Died: 27 August 1975


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Zewditu I
Emperor of Ethiopia
2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974
Monarchy abolished


Titles in pretence


Loss of title
Communist take-over

— TITULAR —
Emperor of Ethiopia
12 September 1974 – 27 August 1975
Succeeded by
Crown Prince Amha Selassie








v
t
e


Emperors of Ethiopia (1270–1974)




Family tree



Solomonic dynasty



Yekuno Amlak
Yagbe'u Seyon (Salomon I)
Senfa Ared IV
Hezba Asgad
Qedma Asgad
Jin Asgad
Saba Asgad
Wedem Arad
Amda Seyon I
Newaya Krestos
Newaya Maryam
Dawit I
Tewodros I
Yeshaq I
Andreyas
Takla Maryam
Sarwe Iyasus
Amda Iyasus
Zara Yaqob (Kwestantinos I)
Baeda Maryam I
Eskender (Kwestantinos II)
Amda Seyon II
Na'od
Dawit II
Gelawdewos
Menas
Sarsa Dengel
Yaqob
Za Dengel
Yaqob
Susenyos I
Fasilides
Yohannes I
Iyasu the Great
Tekle Haymanot I
Tewoflos
Yostos
Dawit III
Bakaffa
Iyasu II





Age of the Princes



Iyoas I
Yohannes II
Tekle Haymanot II
Susenyos II
Tekle Haymanot II
Salomon II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Iyasu III
Tekle Giyorgis I
Hezqeyas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Baeda Maryam II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Yonas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Demetros
Tekle Giyorgis I
Demetros
Egwale Seyon
Iyoas II
Gigar
Baeda Maryam III
Gigar
Iyasu IV
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel





Tewodros dynasty



Tewodros II





Zagwe restoration



Tekle Giyorgis II





Tigray dynasty



Yohannes IV





Solomonic dynasty



Menelik II
Iyasu V
Zewditu I
Haile Selassie I












v
t
e


Chairpersons of the Organisation of African Unity and the African Union



Organisation of African Unity



Selassie
Nasser
Nkrumah
Ankrah
Selassie
Mobutu
Boumedienne
Ahidjo
Kaunda
Daddah
Hassan II
Gowon
Barre
Amin
Ramgoolam
Bongo
Nimeiry
Tolbert
Senghor
Stevens
Moi
Mengistu
Nyerere
Diouf
Nguesso
Kaunda
Traoré
Mubarak
Museveni
Babangida
Diouf
Mubarak
Ben Ali
Meles
Biya
Mugabe
Compaoré
Bouteflika
Eyadéma
Chiluba
Mwanawasa





African Union



Mbeki
Chissano
Obasanjo
Nguesso
Kufuor
Kikwete
Gaddafi
Mutharika
Nguema
Boni
Hailemariam
Abdel Aziz
Mugabe
Déby
Condé












v
t
e


Pan-Africanism



Ideology





Variants




Afrocentrism
African nationalism
African socialism
Black nationalism
Garveyism
Nkrumaism
Sankarism
Uhuru Movement
Zikism






Concepts




African century
Black Power
Négritude
Ubuntu
Ujamaa
United States of Africa








Proponents





Politicians




Nnamdi Azikiwe
Amílcar Cabral
David Comissiong
Muammar Gaddafi
Marcus Garvey
Alieu Ebrima Cham Joof
Kenneth Kaunda
Jomo Kenyatta
Patrice Lumumba
Thabo Mbeki
Robert Mugabe
Abdias do Nascimento
Gamal Abdel Nasser
Kwame Nkrumah
John Nyathi Pokela
Julius Nyerere
Thomas Sankara
Ahmed Sékou Touré
Haile Selassie
Robert Sobukwe
I. T. A. Wallace-Johnson






Others




Marimba Ani
Molefi Kete Asante
Steve Biko
Edward Wilmot Blyden
Stokely Carmichael
John Henrik Clarke
Cheikh Anta Diop
W. E. B. Du Bois
Frantz Fanon
John G. Jackson
Leonard Jeffries
Yosef Ben-Jochannan
Maulana Karenga
Fela Kuti
Malcolm X
Zephania Mothopeng
George Padmore
Motsoko Pheko
Runoko Rashidi
Paul Robeson
Randall Robinson
Walter Rodney
Burning Spear
Henry Sylvester-Williams
Issa Laye Thiaw
Omali Yeshitela








Organizations



African Union
African Unification Front
All-African People's Revolutionary Party
Conseil de l'Entente
Convention People's Party
Economic Freedom Fighters
International African Service Bureau
Organisation of African Unity
Pan Africanist Congress of Azania
Rassemblement Démocratique Africain
UNIA-ACL





Symbols



Black Star of Africa
Lion of Judah
Pan-African colours
Pan-African flag





Related



African philosophy
African-American leftism
Africanization
All-African Peoples' Conference
Kwanzaa
Year of Africa












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year








1927–1950






Charles Lindbergh (1927)
Walter Chrysler (1928)
Owen D. Young (1929)
Mohandas Gandhi (1930)
Pierre Laval (1931)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1932)
Hugh S. Johnson (1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1934)
Haile Selassie (1935)
Wallis Simpson (1936)
Chiang Kai-shek / Soong Mei-ling (1937)
Adolf Hitler (1938)
Joseph Stalin (1939)
Winston Churchill (1940)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1941)
Joseph Stalin (1942)
George Marshall (1943)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1944)
Harry S. Truman (1945)
James F. Byrnes (1946)
George Marshall (1947)
Harry S. Truman (1948)
Winston Churchill (1949)
The American Fighting-Man (1950)













1951–1975






Mohammed Mosaddeq (1951)
Elizabeth II (1952)
Konrad Adenauer (1953)
John Foster Dulles (1954)
Harlow Curtice (1955)
Hungarian Freedom Fighters (1956)
Nikita Khrushchev (1957)
Charles de Gaulle (1958)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1959)
U.S. Scientists: George Beadle / Charles Draper / John Enders / Donald A. Glaser / Joshua Lederberg / Willard Libby / Linus Pauling / Edward Purcell / Isidor Rabi / Emilio Segrè / William Shockley / Edward Teller / Charles Townes / James Van Allen / Robert Woodward (1960)
John F. Kennedy (1961)
Pope John XXIII (1962)
Martin Luther King, Jr. (1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1964)
William Westmoreland (1965)
The Generation Twenty-Five and Under (1966)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1967)
The Apollo 8 Astronauts: William Anders / Frank Borman / Jim Lovell (1968)
The Middle Americans (1969)
Willy Brandt (1970)
Richard Nixon (1971)
Henry Kissinger / Richard Nixon (1972)
John Sirica (1973)
King Faisal (1974)
American Women: Susan Brownmiller / Kathleen Byerly / Alison Cheek / Jill Conway / Betty Ford / Ella Grasso / Carla Hills / Barbara Jordan / Billie Jean King / Susie Sharp / Carol Sutton / Addie Wyatt (1975)













1976–2000






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yasser Arafat / F. W. de Klerk / Nelson Mandela / Yitzhak Rabin (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)













2001–present






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protester (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karwah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)









 Book:Time Persons of the Year







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 66475642
LCCN: n79043431
ISNI: 0000 0001 0910 2298
GND: 118700758
SELIBR: 319456
SUDOC: 027764656
BNF: cb11973730w (data)
NLA: 35677375
NDL: 00620780
NKC: jo2007416169










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Haile_Selassie&oldid=792503176"					
Categories: Haile Selassie1892 births1975 deathsAfrican Union chairpersonsBurials at Holy Trinity Cathedral (Addis Ababa)Deified peopleEmperors of EthiopiaEthiopian anti-communistsEthiopian Oriental Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian princesGovernments in exile during World War IIInternational opponents of apartheid in South AfricaLeaders ousted by a coupMarshals of the air forceNon-Chalcedonian Christian monarchsOrthodox monarchsAfrican pan-AfricanistsPeople from Addis AbabaRastafari movementRulers of EthiopiaSolomonic dynastyWorld War II political leadersChief Commanders of the Legion of MeritChiefs of the Order of the Golden Heart of KenyaCollars of the Order of the Aztec EagleExtra Knights Companion of the GarterGrand Collars of the Order of SikatunaGrand Collars of the Order of the Southern CrossGrand Commanders of the Order of the Federal RepublicGrand Cordons of the Order of the NileGrand Cordons of the Order of the Queen of ShebaGrand Cordons of the Order of the Seal of SolomonGrand Cordons of the Order of ValourGrand Croix of the Légion d'honneurGrand Crosses of the Order of the Sun of PeruGrand Crosses of the National Order of Honour and MeritGrand Crosses of the Order of Christ (Portugal)Grand Crosses of the Order of the Tower and SwordGrand Crosses Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of GermanyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the BathHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian OrderHonorary Recipients of the Order of the Crown of the RealmKnights Grand Cross of the Military William OrderKnights of Pius IXKnights of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of NassauRecipients of the National Order of VietnamRecipients of the Order of Menelik IIRecipients of the Order of Merit for National FoundationRecipients of the Order of Polonia RestitutaRecipients of the Order of Saints Maurice and LazarusRecipients of the Order of SolomonRecipients of the Order of the Condor of the AndesRecipients of the Order of the Liberator General San MartinRecipients of the Order of the Star of EthiopiaRecipients of the Order of the Star of GhanaRecipients of the Royal Victorian ChainRecipients of Thiri Thudhamma ThingahaPeople of the Second Italo-Ethiopian WarPeople considered avatars by their followersPeople from Oromia RegionRecipients of the Silver World AwardHidden categories: Articles containing Ge'ez-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2012Articles with unsourced statements from August 2016Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownCS1 Dutch-language sources (nl)Pages using infobox royalty with unknown parametersPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Amharic-language textUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from August 2016Articles with unsourced statements from May 2008Articles with unsourced statements from May 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीمصرىМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 22:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Haile Selassie - Wikipedia






















 






Haile Selassie

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ras Tafari Makonnen)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Ras Tafari" redirects here. For the religious movement that worships Haile Selassie, see Rastafari movement.


Haile Selassie I



Haile Selassie I in c.1971



Emperor of Ethiopia (more…)


Reign
2 April 1930 – 12 September 1974


Coronation
2 November 1930


Predecessor
Zewditu


Successor
Asfaw Wossen (Amha Selassie)
as "King of Ethiopia"
(Did not recognise designation as such)


Prime Ministers


See list

Himself
Wolde Tzaddick
Makonnen Endelkachew
Abebe Aregay
Imru Haile Selassie
Aklilu Habte-Wold
Endelkachew Makonnen
Mikael Imru





Regent Plenipotentiary of Ethiopia


Reign
27 September 1916 – 2 April 1930


Predecessor
Ras Bitwoded Tessema Nadew
(Under Iyasu V)


Monarch
Zewditu







Born
Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael
(1892-07-23)23 July 1892
Ejersa Goro, Ethiopian Empire


Died
27 August 1975(1975-08-27) (aged 83)
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Burial
5 November 2000
Holy Trinity Cathedral, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Spouse
Menen Asfaw


Issue
Princess Romanework
Princess Tenagnework
Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
Princess Zenebework
Princess Tsehai
Prince Makonnen
Prince Sahle Selassie


Dynasty
Solomonic (Sahle Selassie branch)


Father
Ras Makonnen Woldemikael


Mother
Yeshimebet Ali


Religion
Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo




Styles of
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Reference style
Amharic: ግርማዊ? girmāwī
His Imperial Majesty


Spoken style
Amharic: ጃንሆይ? djānhoi
Your Imperial Majesty
(lit. "O [esteemed] royal")


Alternative style
Amharic: ጌቶቹ? getochu
Our Lord (familiar)
(lit. "Our master" (pl.))





This article contains Ethiopic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols instead of Ethiopic characters.


Haile Selassie I (Ge'ez: ቀዳማዊ ኃይለ ሥላሴ?, qädamawi haylä səllasé[nb 1]; Amharic pronunciation: [ˈhaɪlɜ sɨˈlːase] ( listen);[nb 2] 23 July 1892 – 27 August 1975), born Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael,[4] was Ethiopia's regent from 1916 to 1930 and emperor from 1930 to 1974. He also served as Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity from 25 May 1963 to 17 July 1964 and 5 November 1966 to 11 September 1967. He was a member of the Solomonic Dynasty.
At the League of Nations in 1936, the emperor condemned the use of chemical weapons by Italy against his people during the Second Italo–Ethiopian War.[5] His internationalist views led to Ethiopia becoming a charter member of the League of Nations, and his political thought and experience in promoting multilateralism and collective security have proved seminal and enduring.[6] His suppression of rebellions among the landed aristocracy (the mesafint), which consistently opposed his reforms, as well as what some critics perceived to be Ethiopia's failure to modernize rapidly enough,[7] earned him criticism among some contemporaries and historians.[8] His regime was also criticized by human rights groups, such as Human Rights Watch, as autocratic and illiberal.[8][9]
Among the Rastafari movement, whose followers are estimated at between two and four million, Haile Selassie is revered as the returned messiah of the Bible, God incarnate.[10][11] Beginning in Jamaica in the 1930s, the Rastafari movement perceives Haile Selassie as a messianic figure who will lead a future golden age of eternal peace, righteousness, and prosperity.[12] Haile Selassie was an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian throughout his life. He is a defining figure in Ethiopian history.[13][14]
Haile Selassie died on 27 August 1975 at the age of 83, following a coup d'état.[15]



Contents


1 Name
2 Biography

2.1 Early life
2.2 Governorship
2.3 Regency

2.3.1 Travel abroad


2.4 King and emperor
2.5 Conflict with Italy

2.5.1 Mobilization
2.5.2 Progress of the war
2.5.3 Exile debate
2.5.4 Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936
2.5.5 Exile


2.6 1940s and 1950s
2.7 Charitable gesture
2.8 1960s
2.9 1970s

2.9.1 Wollo famine
2.9.2 Revolution
2.9.3 Imprisonment
2.9.4 Death and interment




3 Descendants
4 Rastafari messiah

4.1 Question of his divinity


5 Biographical film
6 Quotations
7 Title as emperor
8 Honours

8.1 National orders
8.2 Foreign orders


9 Ancestry
10 Military ranks
11 Popular culture
12 See also
13 Notes

13.1 Footnotes
13.2 Citations


14 Bibliography
15 Further reading
16 External links



Name[edit]




Lij Teferi Makonnen at age 3


Haile Selassie was known as a child as Lij Tafari Makonnen (Amharic ልጅ ተፈሪ መኮንን; lij teferī mekōnnin). Lij is translated as "child", and serves to indicate that a youth is of noble blood. His given name, Tafari, means "one who is respected or feared". Like most Ethiopians, his personal name Tafari is followed by that of his father Makonnen and rarely that of his grandfather Woldemikael. His Ge'ez name Haile Selassie was given to him at his infant baptism and adopted again as part of his regnal name in 1930.
As Governor of Harer, he became known as Ras Teferi Makonnen  listen (help·info). Ras is translated as "head"[16] and is a rank of nobility equivalent to Duke;[17] though it is often rendered in translation as "prince". In 1916, Empress Zewditu I appointed him to the position of Balemulu Silt'an Enderase (Regent Plenipotentiary). In 1928, she granted him the throne of Shoa, elevating his title to Negus or "King".[18]
On 2 November 1930, after the death of Empress Zewditu, Ras Tafari was crowned Negusa Nagast, literally King of Kings, rendered in English as "Emperor".[19] Upon his ascension, he took as his regnal name Haile Selassie I. Haile means in Ge'ez "Power of" and Selassie means trinity—therefore Haile Selassie roughly translates to "Power of the Trinity".[20] Haile Selassie's full title in office was "By the Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I, King of Kings of Ethiopia, Elect of God".[21][nb 3] This title reflects Ethiopian dynastic traditions, which hold that all monarchs must trace their lineage to Menelik I, who was the offspring of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba.[22]
To Ethiopians, Haile Selassie has been known by many names, including Janhoy, Talaqu Meri, and Abba Tekel.[23] The Rastafari movement employs many of these appellations, also referring to him as Jah, Jah Jah, Jah Rastafari, and HIM (the abbreviation of "His Imperial Majesty").[23]
Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]




Ras Makonnen Woldemikael and his son Lij Tafari Makonnen


Haile Selassie's royal line (through his father's mother) originated from the Amhara people,[24] He was born on 23 July 1892, in the village of Ejersa Goro, in the Harar province of Ethiopia. His mother was Woizero ("Lady") Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar, daughter of the renowned Oromo ruler of Wollo province Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar.[25] His maternal grandmother was of Gurage heritage.[26] Tafari's father was Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa, the governor of Harar. Ras Makonnen served as a general in the First Italo–Ethiopian War, playing a key role at the Battle of Adwa;[25] he too was paternally Oromo but maternally Amhara.[26] Haile Selassie was thus able to ascend to the imperial throne through his paternal grandmother, Woizero Tenagnework Sahle Selassie, who was an aunt of Emperor Menelik II and daughter of Negus Sahle Selassie of Shewa. As such, Haile Selassie claimed direct descent from Makeda, the Queen of Sheba, and King Solomon of ancient Israel.[27]
Ras Makonnen arranged for Tafari as well as his first cousin, Imru Haile Selassie, to receive instruction in Harar from Abba Samuel Wolde Kahin, an Ethiopian capuchin monk, and from Dr. Vitalien, a surgeon from Guadeloupe. Tafari was named Dejazmach (literally "commander of the gate", roughly equivalent to "count")[28] at the age of 13, on 1 November 1905.[29] Shortly thereafter, his father Ras Makonnen died at Kulibi, in 1906.[30]
Governorship[edit]




Dejazmatch Tafari, as governor of Harar


Tafari assumed the titular governorship of Selale in 1906, a realm of marginal importance,[31] but one that enabled him to continue his studies.[29] In 1907, he was appointed governor over part of the province of Sidamo. It is alleged that during his late teens, Haile Selassie was married to Woizero Altayech, and that from this union, his daughter Princess Romanework was born.[32]
Following the death of his brother Yelma in 1907, the governorate of Harar was left vacant,[31] and its administration was left to Menelik's loyal general, Dejazmach Balcha Safo. Balcha Safo's administration of Harar was ineffective, and so during the last illness of Menelik II, and the brief reign of Empress Taitu Bitul, Tafari was made governor of Harar in 1910[30] or 1911.[33]
On 3 August, he married Menen Asfaw of Ambassel, niece of heir to the throne Lij Iyasu.
Regency[edit]
The extent to which Tafari Makonnen contributed to the movement that would come to depose Iyasu V has been discussed extensively, particularly in Haile Selassie's own detailed account of the matter. Iyasu V, or Lij Iyasu, was the designated but uncrowned emperor of Ethiopia from 1913 to 1916. Iyasu's reputation for scandalous behavior and a disrespectful attitude towards the nobles at the court of his grandfather, Menelik II,[34] damaged his reputation. Iyasu's flirtation with Islam was considered treasonous among the Ethiopian Orthodox Christian leadership of the empire. On 27 September 1916, Iyasu was deposed.[35]
Contributing to the movement that deposed Iyasu were conservatives such as Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis, Menelik II's longtime Minister of War. The movement to depose Iyasu preferred Tafari, as he attracted support from both progressive and conservative factions. Ultimately, Iyasu was deposed on the grounds of conversion to Islam.[16][35] In his place, the daughter of Menelik II (the aunt of Iyasu) was named Empress Zewditu, while Tafari was elevated to the rank of Ras and was made heir apparent and Crown Prince. In the power arrangement that followed, Tafari accepted the role of Regent Plenipotentiary (Balemulu 'Inderase)[nb 4] and became the de facto ruler of the Ethiopian Empire (Mangista Ityop'p'ya). Zewditu would govern while Tafari would administer.[36]




Empress Zewditu with one of her trusted priests


While Iyasu had been deposed on 27 September 1916, on 8 October he managed to escape into the Ogaden Desert and his father, Negus Mikael of Wollo, had time to come to his aid.[37] On 27 October, Negus Mikael and his army met an army under Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis loyal to Zewditu and Tafari. During the Battle of Segale, Negus Mikael was defeated and captured. Any chance that Iyasu would regain the throne was ended and he went into hiding. On 11 January 1921, after avoiding capture for about five years, Iyasu was taken into custody by Gugsa Araya Selassie.
On 11 February 1917, the coronation for Zewditu took place. She pledged to rule justly through her Regent, Tafari. While Tafari was the more visible of the two, Zewditu was far from an honorary ruler. Her position required that she arbitrate the claims of competing factions. In other words, she had the last word. Tafari carried the burden of daily administration but, because his position was relatively weak, this was often an exercise in futility for him. Initially his personal army was poorly equipped, his finances were limited, and he had little leverage to withstand the combined influence of the Empress, the Minister of War, or the provincial governors.[37]
During his Regency, the new Crown Prince developed the policy of cautious modernization initiated by Menelik II. Also, during this time, he survived the 1918 flu pandemic, having come down with the illness.[38] He secured Ethiopia's admission to the League of Nations in 1923 by promising to eradicate slavery; each emperor since Tewodros II had issued proclamations to halt slavery,[39] but without effect: the internationally scorned practice persisted well into Haile Selassie's reign with an estimated 2 million slaves in Ethiopia in the early 1930s.[40][41]
Travel abroad[edit]
In 1924, Ras Tafari toured Europe and the Middle East visiting Jerusalem, Alexandria, Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, Stockholm, London, Geneva, and Athens. With him on his tour was a group that included Ras Seyum Mangasha of western Tigray Province; Ras Hailu Tekle Haymanot of Gojjam province; Ras Mulugeta Yeggazu of Illubabor Province; Ras Makonnen Endelkachew; and Blattengeta Heruy Welde Sellase. The primary goal of the trip to Europe was for Ethiopia to gain access to the sea. In Paris, Tafari was to find out from the French Foreign Ministry (Quai d'Orsay) that this goal would not be realized.[42] However, failing this, he and his retinue inspected schools, hospitals, factories, and churches. Although patterning many reforms after European models, Tafari remained wary of European pressure. To guard against economic imperialism, Tafari required that all enterprises have at least partial local ownership.[43] Of his modernization campaign, he remarked, "We need European progress only because we are surrounded by it. That is at once a benefit and a misfortune."[44]
Throughout Ras Tafari's travels in Europe, the Levant, and Egypt, he and his entourage were greeted with enthusiasm and fascination. He was accompanied by Seyum Mangasha and Hailu Tekle Haymanot who, like Tafari, were sons of generals who contributed to the victorious war against Italy a quarter century earlier at the Battle of Adwa.[45] Another member of his entourage, Mulugeta Yeggazu, actually fought at Adwa as a young man. The "Oriental Dignity" of the Ethiopians[46] and their "rich, picturesque court dress"[47] were sensationalized in the media; among his entourage he even included a pride of lions, which he distributed as gifts to President Alexandre Millerand and Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré of France, to King George V of the United Kingdom, and to the Zoological Garden (Jardin Zoologique) of Paris.[45] As one historian noted, "Rarely can a tour have inspired so many anecdotes".[45] In return for two lions, the United Kingdom presented Ras Tafari with the imperial crown of Emperor Tewodros II for its safe return to Empress Zewditu. The crown had been taken by Robert Napier during the 1868 Expedition to Abyssinia.[48]
In this period, the Crown Prince visited the Armenian monastery of Jerusalem. There, he adopted 40 Armenian orphans (አርባ ልጆች Arba Lijoch, "forty children"), who had lost their parents in Ottoman massacres. Ras Tafari arranged for the musical education of the youths, and they came to form the imperial brass band.[49]
King and emperor[edit]
See also: Modernisation of Ethiopia under Haile Selassie I
In 1928, the authority of Ras Tafari Makonnen was challenged when Dejazmatch Balcha Safo went to Addis Ababa with a sizeable armed force. When Tafari consolidated his hold over the provinces, many of Menelik's appointees refused to abide by the new regulations. Balcha Safo, the governor (Shum) of coffee-rich Sidamo Province, was particularly troublesome. The revenues he remitted to the central government did not reflect the accrued profits and Tafari recalled him to Addis Ababa. The old man came in high dudgeon and, insultingly, with a large army.[nb 5] The Dejazmatch paid homage to Empress Zewditu, but snubbed Ras Tafari.[50][51] On 18 February, while Balcha Safo and his personal bodyguard[nb 6] were in Addis Ababa, Ras Tafari had Ras Kassa Haile Darge buy off his army and arranged to have him displaced as the Shum of Sidamo Province[52] by Birru Wolde Gabriel who himself was replaced by Desta Damtew.[37]




Cover of Time magazine, 3 November 1930


Even so, the gesture of Balcha Safo empowered Empress Zewditu politically and she attempted to have Tafari tried for treason. He was tried for his benevolent dealings with Italy including a 20-year peace accord which was signed on 2 August.[29] In September, a group of palace reactionaries including some courtiers of the empress, made a final bid to get rid of Tafari. The attempted coup d'état was tragic in its origins and comic in its end. When confronted by Tafari and a company of his troops, the ringleaders of the coup took refuge on the palace grounds in Menelik's mausoleum. Tafari and his men surrounded them only to be surrounded themselves by the personal guard of Zewditu. More of Tafari's khaki clad soldiers arrived and, with superiority of arms, decided the outcome in his favor.[53] Popular support, as well as the support of the police,[50] remained with Tafari. Ultimately, the Empress relented and, on 7 October 1928, she crowned Tafari as Negus (Amharic: "King").
The crowning of Tafari as King was controversial. He occupied the same territory as the empress rather than going off to a regional kingdom of the empire. Two monarchs, even with one being the vassal and the other the emperor (in this case empress), had never occupied the same location as their seat in Ethiopian history. Conservatives agitated to redress this perceived insult to the dignity of the crown, leading to the rebellion of Ras Gugsa Welle. Gugsa Welle was the husband of the empress and the Shum of Begemder Province. In early 1930, he raised an army and marched it from his governorate at Gondar towards Addis Ababa. On 31 March 1930, Gugsa Welle was met by forces loyal to Negus Tafari and was defeated at the Battle of Anchem. Gugsa Welle was killed in action.[54] News of Gugsa Welle's defeat and death had hardly spread through Addis Ababa when the empress died suddenly on 2 April 1930. Although it was long rumored that the empress was poisoned upon the defeat of her husband,[55] or alternately that she died from shock upon hearing of the death of her estranged yet beloved husband,[56] it has since been documented that the Empress succumbed to a flu-like fever and complications from diabetes.[57]
With the passing of Zewditu, Tafari himself rose to emperor and was proclaimed Neguse Negest ze-'Ityopp'ya, "King of Kings of Ethiopia". He was crowned on 2 November 1930, at Addis Ababa's Cathedral of St. George. The coronation was by all accounts "a most splendid affair",[58] and it was attended by royals and dignitaries from all over the world. Among those in attendance were George V's son the Duke of Gloucester, Marshal Franchet d'Esperey of France, and the Prince of Udine representing the King of Italy. Emissaries from the United States,[59] Egypt, Turkey, Sweden, Belgium, and Japan were also present.[58] British author Evelyn Waugh was also present, penning a contemporary report on the event, and American travel lecturer Burton Holmes shot the only known film footage of the event.[60] One newspaper report suggested that the celebration may have incurred a cost in excess of $3,000,000.[61] Many of those in attendance received lavish gifts;[62] in one instance, the Christian emperor even sent a gold-encased Bible to an American bishop who had not attended the coronation, but who had dedicated a prayer to the emperor on the day of the coronation.[63]
Haile Selassie introduced Ethiopia's first written constitution on 16 July 1931,[64] providing for a bicameral legislature.[65] The constitution kept power in the hands of the nobility, but it did establish democratic standards among the nobility, envisaging a transition to democratic rule: it would prevail "until the people are in a position to elect themselves."[66] The constitution limited the succession to the throne to the descendants of Haile Selassie, a point that met with the disapprobation of other dynastic princes, including the princes of Tigrai and even the emperor's loyal cousin, Ras Kassa Haile Darge.
In 1932, the Sultanate of Jimma was formally absorbed into Ethiopia following the death of Sultan Abba Jifar II of Jimma.
Conflict with Italy[edit]
See also: Abyssinia Crisis and Second Italo-Abyssinian War
Ethiopia became the target of renewed Italian imperialist designs in the 1930s. Benito Mussolini's Fascist regime was keen to avenge the military defeats Italy had suffered to Ethiopia in the First Italo-Abyssinian War, and to efface the failed attempt by "liberal" Italy to conquer the country, as epitomised by the defeat at Adwa.[67][68][69] A conquest of Ethiopia could also empower the cause of fascism and embolden its rhetoric of empire.[69] Ethiopia would also provide a bridge between Italy's Eritrean and Italian Somaliland possessions. Ethiopia's position in the League of Nations did not dissuade the Italians from invading in 1935; the "collective security" envisaged by the League proved useless, and a scandal erupted when the Hoare-Laval Pact revealed that Ethiopia's League allies were scheming to appease Italy.[70]
Mobilization[edit]
Following the 5 December 1934 Italian invasion of Ethiopia at Walwal, Ogeden Province, Haile Selassie joined his northern armies and set up headquarters at Desse in Wollo province. He issued his mobilization order on 3 October 1935:

If you withhold from your country Ethiopia the death from cough or head-cold of which you would otherwise die, refusing to resist (in your district, in your patrimony, and in your home) our enemy who is coming from a distant country to attack us, and if you persist in not shedding your blood, you will be rebuked for it by your Creator and will be cursed by your offspring. Hence, without cooling your heart of accustomed valour, there emerges your decision to fight fiercely, mindful of your history that will last far into the future… If on your march you touch any property inside houses or cattle and crops outside, not even grass, straw, and dung excluded, it is like killing your brother who is dying with you… You, countryman, living at the various access routes, set up a market for the army at the places where it is camping and on the day your district-governor will indicate to you, lest the soldiers campaigning for Ethiopia's liberty should experience difficulty. You will not be charged excise duty, until the end of the campaign, for anything you are marketing at the military camps: I have granted you remission… After you have been ordered to go to war, but are then idly missing from the campaign, and when you are seized by the local chief or by an accuser, you will have punishment inflicted upon your inherited land, your property, and your body; to the accuser I shall grant a third of your property…

On 19 October 1935, Haile Selassie gave more precise orders for his army to his Commander-in-Chief, Ras Kassa:


When you set up tents, it is to be in caves and by trees and in a wood, if the place happens to be adjoining to these―and separated in the various platoons. Tents are to be set up at a distance of 30 cubits from each other.
When an aeroplane is sighted, one should leave large open roads and wide meadows and march in valleys and trenches and by zigzag routes, along places which have trees and woods.
When an aeroplane comes to drop bombs, it will not suit it to do so unless it comes down to about 100 metres; hence when it flies low for such action, one should fire a volley with a good and very long gun and then quickly disperse. When three or four bullets have hit it, the aeroplane is bound to fall down. But let only those fire who have been ordered to shoot with a weapon that has been selected for such firing, for if everyone shoots who possesses a gun, there is no advantage in this except to waste bullets and to disclose the men's whereabouts.
Lest the aeroplane, when rising again, should detect the whereabouts of those who are dispersed, it is well to remain cautiously scattered as long as it is still fairly close. In time of war it suits the enemy to aim his guns at adorned shields, ornaments, silver and gold cloaks, silk shirts and all similar things. Whether one possesses a jacket or not, it is best to wear a narrow-sleeved shirt with faded colours. When we return, with God's help, you can wear your gold and silver decorations then. Now it is time to go and fight. We offer you all these words of advice in the hope that no great harm should befall you through lack of caution. At the same time, We are glad to assure you that in time of war We are ready to shed Our blood in your midst for the sake of Ethiopia's freedom…"[71]


Compared to the Ethiopians, the Italians had an advanced, modern military which included a large air force. The Italians would also come to employ chemical weapons extensively throughout the conflict, even targeting Red Cross field hospitals in violation of the Geneva Conventions.[72]
Progress of the war[edit]
Starting in early October 1935, the Italians invaded Ethiopia. But, by November, the pace of invasion had slowed appreciably and Haile Selassie's northern armies were able to launch what was known as the "Christmas Offensive". During this offensive, the Italians were forced back in places and put on the defensive. In early 1936, the First Battle of Tembien stopped the progress of the Ethiopian offensive and the Italians were ready to continue their offensive. Following the defeat and destruction of the northern Ethiopian armies at the Battle of Amba Aradam, the Second Battle of Tembien, and the Battle of Shire, Haile Selassie took the field with the last Ethiopian army on the northern front. On 31 March 1936, he launched a counterattack against the Italians himself at the Battle of Maychew in southern Tigray. The emperor's army was defeated and retreated in disarray. As Haile Selassie's army withdrew, the Italians attacked from the air along with rebellious Raya and Azebo tribesmen on the ground, who were armed and paid by the Italians.[73]




When the struggle to resist Italy appeared doomed, Haile Selassie traveled to the rock-hewn churches of Lalibela for fasting and prayer.[74]


Haile Selassie made a solitary pilgrimage to the churches at Lalibela, at considerable risk of capture, before returning to his capital.[75] After a stormy session of the council of state, it was agreed that because Addis Ababa could not be defended, the government would relocate to the southern town of Gore, and that in the interest of preserving the Imperial house, the emperor's wife Menen Asfaw and the rest of the imperial family should immediately depart for French Somaliland, and from there continue on to Jerusalem.
Exile debate[edit]




The emperor arrives in Jerusalem. May 1936


After further debate as to whether Haile Selassie should go to Gore or accompany his family into exile, it was agreed that he should leave Ethiopia with his family and present the case of Ethiopia to the League of Nations at Geneva. The decision was not unanimous and several participants, including the nobleman Blatta Tekle Wolde Hawariat, strenuously objected to the idea of an Ethiopian monarch fleeing before an invading force.[76] Haile Selassie appointed his cousin Ras Imru Haile Selassie as Prince Regent in his absence, departing with his family for French Somaliland on 2 May 1936.
On 5 May, Marshal Pietro Badoglio led Italian troops into Addis Ababa, and Mussolini declared Ethiopia an Italian province. Victor Emanuel III was proclaimed as the new Emperor of Ethiopia. On the previous day, the Ethiopian exiles had left French Somaliland aboard the British cruiser HMS Enterprise. They were bound for Jerusalem in the British Mandate of Palestine, where the Ethiopian royal family maintained a residence. The Imperial family disembarked at Haifa and then went on to Jerusalem. Once there, Haile Selassie and his retinue prepared to make their case at Geneva. The choice of Jerusalem was highly symbolic, since the Solomonic Dynasty claimed descent from the House of David. Leaving the Holy Land, Haile Selassie and his entourage sailed aboard the British cruiser HMS Capetown for Gibraltar, where he stayed at the Rock Hotel. From Gibraltar, the exiles were transferred to an ordinary liner. By doing this, the government of the United Kingdom was spared the expense of a state reception.[77]
Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936[edit]
Mussolini, upon invading Ethiopia, had promptly declared his own "Italian Empire"; because the League of Nations afforded Haile Selassie the opportunity to address the assembly, Italy even withdrew its League delegation, on 12 May 1936.[78] It was in this context that Haile Selassie walked into the hall of the League of Nations, introduced by the President of the Assembly as "His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of Ethiopia" (Sa Majesté Imperiale, l'Empereur d'Ethiopie). The introduction caused a great many Italian journalists in the galleries to erupt into jeering, heckling, and whistling. As it turned out, they had earlier been issued whistles by Mussolini's son-in-law, Count Galeazzo Ciano.[79] The Romanian delegate, Nicolae Titulescu, famously jumped to his feet in response and cried "Show the savages the door!", and they were cleared out. Haile Selassie waited calmly for the hall to be cleared, and responded "majestically"[80] with a speech sometimes considered[by whom?] among the most stirring of the 20th century.[5]
Although fluent in French, the working language of the League, Haile Selassie chose to deliver his historic speech in his native Amharic. He asserted that, because his "confidence in the League was absolute", his people were now being slaughtered. He pointed out that the same European states that found in Ethiopia's favor at the League of Nations were refusing Ethiopia credit and matériel while aiding Italy, which was employing chemical weapons on military and civilian targets alike.

It was at the time when the operations for the encircling of Makale were taking place that the Italian command, fearing a rout, followed the procedure which it is now my duty to denounce to the world. Special sprayers were installed on board aircraft so that they could vaporize, over vast areas of territory, a fine, death-dealing rain. Groups of nine, fifteen, eighteen aircraft followed one another so that the fog issuing from them formed a continuous sheet. It was thus that, as from the end of January 1936, soldiers, women, children, cattle, rivers, lakes, and pastures were drenched continually with this deadly rain. In order to kill off systematically all living creatures, in order to more surely poison waters and pastures, the Italian command made its aircraft pass over and over again. That was its chief method of warfare.[81]

Noting that his own "small people of 12 million inhabitants, without arms, without resources" could never withstand an attack by a large power such as Italy, with its 42 million people and "unlimited quantities of the most death-dealing weapons", he contended that all small states were threatened by the aggression, and that all small states were in effect reduced to vassal states in the absence of collective action. He admonished the League that "God and history will remember your judgment."[82]

It is collective security: it is the very existence of the League of Nations. It is the confidence that each State is to place in international treaties… In a word, it is international morality that is at stake. Have the signatures appended to a Treaty value only in so far as the signatory Powers have a personal, direct and immediate interest involved?

The speech made the emperor an icon for anti-fascists around the world, and Time named him "Man of the Year".[83] He failed, however, to get what he most needed: the League agreed to only partial and ineffective sanctions on Italy. Only six nations in 1937 did not recognize Italy's occupation; they were China, New Zealand, the Soviet Union, the Republic of Spain, Mexico and the United States.[68]
Exile[edit]




Haile Selassie in 1942


Haile Selassie spent his exile years (1936–41) in Bath, England, in Fairfield House, which he bought. The emperor and Kassa Haile Darge took morning walks together behind the high walls of the 14-room Georgian house. Haile Selassie's favorite reading was "diplomatic history." But most of his serious hours were occupied with the 90,000-word story of his life that he was laboriously writing in Amharic.[84]
Prior to Fairfield House, he briefly stayed at Warne's Hotel in Worthing[85] and in Parkside, Wimbledon.[86] A bust of Haile Selassie is in nearby Cannizaro Park to commemorate this time and is a popular place of pilgrimage for London's Rastafari community. Haile Selassie stayed at the Abbey Hotel in Malvern in the 1930s and his granddaughters and daughters of court officials were educated at Clarendon School in North Malvern. During his time in Malvern he attended services at Holy Trinity Church, in Link Top. A blue plaque, commemorating his stay in Malvern, was unveiled on Saturday, 25 June 2011. As part of the ceremony, a delegation from the Rastafari movement gave a short address and a drum recital.[87][88][89][90][91]
Haile Selassie's activity in this period was focused on countering Italian propaganda as to the state of Ethiopian resistance and the legality of the occupation.[92] He spoke out against the desecration of houses of worship and historical artifacts (including the theft of a 1,600-year-old imperial obelisk), and condemned the atrocities suffered by the Ethiopian civilian population.[93] He continued to plead for League intervention and to voice his certainty that "God's judgment will eventually visit the weak and the mighty alike",[94] though his attempts to gain support for the struggle against Italy were largely unsuccessful until Italy entered World War II on the German side in June 1940.[95]
The emperor's pleas for international support did take root in the United States, particularly among African-American organizations sympathetic to the Ethiopian cause.[96] In 1937, Haile Selassie was to give a Christmas Day radio address to the American people to thank his supporters when his taxi was involved in a traffic accident, leaving him with a fractured knee.[97] Rather than canceling the radio appearance, he proceeded in much pain to complete the address, in which he linked Christianity and goodwill with the Covenant of the League of Nations, and asserted that "War is not the only means to stop war":[97]

With the birth of the Son of God, an unprecedented, an unrepeatable, and a long-anticipated phenomenon occurred. He was born in a stable instead of a palace, in a manger instead of a crib. The hearts of the Wise men were struck by fear and wonder due to His Majestic Humbleness. The kings prostrated themselves before Him and worshipped Him. 'Peace be to those who have good will'. This became the first message.
...Although the toils of wise people may earn them respect, it is a fact of life that the spirit of the wicked continues to cast its shadow on this world. The arrogant are seen visibly leading their people into crime and destruction. The laws of the League of Nations are constantly violated and wars and acts of aggression repeatedly take place… So that the spirit of the cursed will not gain predominance over the human race whom Christ redeemed with his blood, all peace-loving people should cooperate to stand firm in order to preserve and promote lawfulness and peace.[97]

During this period, Haile Selassie suffered several personal tragedies. His two sons-in-law, Ras Desta Damtew and Dejazmach Beyene Merid, were both executed by the Italians.[94] The emperor's daughter, Princess Romanework, wife of Dejazmach Beyene Merid, was herself taken into captivity with her children, and she died in Italy in 1941.[98] His daughter Tsehai died during childbirth shortly after the restoration in 1942.[99]
After his return to Ethiopia, he donated Fairfield House to the city of Bath as a residence for the aged, until modified in the 1990s where it is now used as a day care centre.[100] Advanced negotiations are progressing for a community group to run the House to preserve and develop the House.
1940s and 1950s[edit]




Newspaper illustration drawn by Charles H. Alston for the U.S. Office of War Information Domestic Operations Branch News Bureau, 1943






Meeting with Crown Prince Akihito in 1955






Plaque commemorating the visit of Haile Selassie I to Mexico, 1954 - Etiopía Station, line 3 of the Mexico City Metro


British forces, which consisted primarily of Ethiopian-backed African and South African colonial troops under the "Gideon Force" of Colonel Orde Wingate, coordinated the military effort to liberate Ethiopia. The emperor himself issued several imperial proclamations in this period, demonstrating that, while authority was not divided up in any formal way, British military might and the emperor's populist appeal could be joined in the concerted effort to liberate Ethiopia.[95]
On 18 January 1941, during the East African Campaign, Haile Selassie crossed the border between Sudan and Ethiopia near the village of Um Iddla. The standard of the Lion of Judah was raised again. Two days later, he and a force of Ethiopian patriots joined Gideon Force which was already in Ethiopia and preparing the way.[101] Italy was defeated by a force of the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth of Nations, Free France, Free Belgium, and Ethiopian patriots. On 5 May 1941, Haile Selassie entered Addis Ababa and personally addressed the Ethiopian people, five years to the day since his 1936 exile:

Today is the day on which we defeated our enemy. Therefore, when we say let us rejoice with our hearts, let not our rejoicing be in any other way but in the spirit of Christ. Do not return evil for evil. Do not indulge in the atrocities which the enemy has been practicing in his usual way, even to the last.
Take care not to spoil the good name of Ethiopia by acts which are worthy of the enemy. We shall see that our enemies are disarmed and sent out the same way they came. As Saint George who killed the dragon is the Patron Saint of our army as well as of our allies, let us unite with our allies in everlasting friendship and amity in order to be able to stand against the godless and cruel dragon which has newly risen and which is oppressing mankind.[102]

On 27 August 1942, Haile Selassie abolished the legal basis of slavery throughout the empire and imposed severe penalties, including death, for slave trading.[103] After World War II, Ethiopia became a charter member of the United Nations. In 1948, the Ogaden, a region disputed with Somalia, was granted to Ethiopia.[104] On 2 December 1950, the UN General Assembly adopted Resolution 390 (V), establishing the federation of Eritrea (the former Italian colony) into Ethiopia.[105] Eritrea was to have its own constitution, which would provide for ethnic, linguistic, and cultural balance, while Ethiopia was to manage its finances, defense, and foreign policy.[105]
Despite his centralization policies that had been made before World War II, Haile Selassie still found himself unable to push for all the programs he wanted. In 1942, he attempted to institute a progressive tax scheme, but this failed due to opposition from the nobility, and only a flat tax was passed; in 1951, he agreed to reduce this as well.[106] Ethiopia was still "semi-feudal",[107] and the emperor's attempts to alter its social and economic form by reforming its modes of taxation met with resistance from the nobility and clergy, which were eager to resume their privileges in the postwar era.[106] Where Haile Selassie actually did succeed in effecting new land taxes, the burdens were often passed by the landowners to the peasants.[106] Despite his wishes, the tax burden remained primarily on the peasants.
Between 1941 and 1959, Haile Selassie worked to establish the autocephaly of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.[108] The Ethiopian Orthodox Church had been headed by the abuna, a bishop who answered to the Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. In 1942 and 1945 Haile Selassie applied to the Holy Synod of the Coptic Orthodox Church to establish the independence of Ethiopian bishops, and when his appeals were denied he threatened to sever relations with the Coptic Church of Alexandria.[108] Finally, in 1959, Pope Kyrillos VI elevated the Abuna to Patriarch-Catholicos.[108] The Ethiopian Church remained affiliated with the Alexandrian Church.[106] In addition to these efforts, Haile Selassie changed the Ethiopian church-state relationship by introducing taxation of church lands, and by restricting the legal privileges of the clergy, who had formerly been tried in their own courts for civil offenses.[106]
In keeping with the principle of collective security, for which he was an outspoken proponent, he sent a contingent under General Mulugueta Bulli, known as the Kagnew Battalion, to take part in the Korean War by supporting the United Nations Command. It was attached to the American 7th Infantry Division, and fought in a number of engagements including the Battle of Pork Chop Hill.[109] In a 1954 speech, the emperor spoke of Ethiopian participation in the Korean War as a redemption of the principles of collective security:

Nearly two decades ago, I personally assumed before history the responsibility of placing the fate of my beloved people on the issue of collective security, for surely, at that time and for the first time in world history, that issue was posed in all its clarity. My searching of conscience convinced me of the rightness of my course and if, after untold sufferings and, indeed, unaided resistance at the time of aggression, we now see the final vindication of that principle in our joint action in Korea, I can only be thankful that God gave me strength to persist in our faith until the moment of its recent glorious vindication.[110]





Haile Selassie, Emperor of Ethiopia, photographed during a radio broadcast


During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955, Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution,[111] whereby he retained effective power, while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body. Party politics were not provided for. Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire, and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization, tempered by Ethiopian traditions, and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state.
Haile Selassie compromised when practical with the traditionalists in the nobility and church. He also tried to improve relations between the state and ethnic groups, and granted autonomy to Afar lands that were difficult to control. Still, his reforms to end feudalism were slow and weakened by the compromises he made with the entrenched aristocracy. The Revised Constitution of 1955 has been criticized for reasserting "the indisputable power of the monarch" and maintaining the relative powerlessness of the peasants.[112]
Charitable gesture[edit]
He sent aid to the British government in 1947 when Britain was affected by heavy flooding. His letter to Lord Meork, National Distress Fund, London said, "even though We are busy of helping our people who didn't recover from the crises of the war, We heard that your fertile and beautiful country is devastated by the unusually heavy rain, and your request for aid. Therefore, We are sending small amount of money, about one thousand pounds through our embassy to show our sympathy and cooperation."[113]
He also left his home in exile, Fairfield House, Bath, to the City of Bath for the use of the Aged in 1959.
1960s[edit]


Haile Selassie








1st & 5th Chairman of the Organization of African Unity


In office
25 May 1963 – 17 July 1964


Succeeded by
Gamal Abdel Nasser


In office
5 November 1966 – 11 September 1967


Preceded by
Joseph Arthur Ankrah


Succeeded by
Joseph-Désiré Mobutu





Haile Selassie contributed Ethiopian troops to the United Nations Operation in the Congo peacekeeping force during the 1960 Congo Crisis, to preserve Congolese integrity, per United Nations Security Council Resolution 143. On 13 December 1960, while Haile Selassie was on a state visit to Brazil, his Imperial Guard forces staged an unsuccessful coup, briefly proclaiming Haile Selassie's eldest son Asfa Wossen as emperor. The coup d'état was crushed by the regular army and police forces. The coup attempt lacked broad popular support, was denounced by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, and was unpopular with the army, air force and police. Nonetheless, the effort to depose the emperor had support among students and the educated classes.[114] The coup attempt has been characterized as a pivotal moment in Ethiopian history, the point at which Ethiopians "for the first time questioned the power of the king to rule without the people's consent".[115] Student populations began to empathize with the peasantry and poor, and to advocate on their behalf.[115] The coup spurred Haile Selassie to accelerate reform, which was manifested in the form of land grants to military and police officials.
The emperor continued to be a staunch ally of the West, while pursuing a firm policy of decolonization in Africa, which was still largely under European colonial rule. The United Nations conducted a lengthy inquiry regarding the status of Eritrea, with the superpowers each vying for a stake in the state's future. Britain, the administrator at the time, suggested the partition of Eritrea between Sudan and Ethiopia, separating Christians and Muslims. The idea was instantly rejected by Eritrean political parties, as well as the UN.
A UN plebiscite voted 46 to 10 to have Eritrea be federated with Ethiopia, which was later stipulated on 2 December 1950 in resolution 390 (V). Eritrea would have its own parliament and administration and would be represented in what had been the Ethiopian parliament and would become the federal parliament.[116] Haile Selassie would have none of European attempts to draft a separate Constitution under which Eritrea would be governed, and wanted his own 1955 Constitution protecting families to apply in both Ethiopia and Eritrea. In 1961 the 30-year Eritrean Struggle for Independence began, followed by Haile Selassie's dissolution of the federation and shutting down of Eritrea's parliament.
In September 1961, Haile Selassie attended the Conference of Heads of State of Government of Non-Aligned Countries in Belgrade, FPR Yugoslavia. This is considered to be the founding conference of the Non-Aligned Movement.
In 1961, tensions between independence-minded Eritreans and Ethiopian forces culminated in the Eritrean War of Independence. The emperor declared Eritrea the fourteenth province of Ethiopia in 1962.[117] The war would continue for 30 years, as first Haile Selassie, then the Soviet-backed junta that succeeded him, attempted to retain Eritrea by force.
In 1963, Haile Selassie presided over the formation of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU), the precursor of the continent-wide African Union (AU). The new organization would establish its headquarters in Addis Ababa. In May of that year, Haile Selassie was elected as the OAU's first official chairperson, a rotating seat. Along with Modibo Keïta of Mali, the Ethiopian leader would later help successfully negotiate the Bamako Accords, which brought an end to the border conflict between Morocco and Algeria. In 1964, Haile Selassie would initiate the concept of the United States of Africa, a proposition later taken up by Muammar Gaddafi.[118]
On 4 October 1963, Haile Selassie addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations[119][120] referring in his address to his earlier speech to the League of Nations:

Twenty-seven years ago, as Emperor of Ethiopia, I mounted the rostrum in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the League of Nations and to appeal for relief from the destruction which had been unleashed against my defenceless nation, by the fascist invader. I spoke then both to and for the conscience of the world. My words went unheeded, but history testifies to the accuracy of the warning that I gave in 1936. Today, I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor. In this body is enshrined the principle of collective security which I unsuccessfully invoked at Geneva. Here, in this Assembly, reposes the best – perhaps the last – hope for the peaceful survival of mankind.[121]

On 25 November 1963, the emperor was among other heads of state, including France's President Charles de Gaulle, who traveled to Washington D.C. and attended the funeral of assassinated President John F. Kennedy.
In 1966, Haile Selassie attempted to create a modern, progressive tax[citation needed] that included registration of land, which would significantly weaken the nobility. Even with alterations, this law led to a revolt in Gojjam, which was repressed although enforcement of the tax was abandoned. The revolt, having achieved its design in undermining the tax, encouraged other landowners to defy Haile Selassie.




Haile Selassie on a state visit to Washington, 1963


While he had fully approved of, and assured Ethiopia's participation in, UN-approved collective security operations, including Korea and Congo, Haile Selassie drew a distinction with the non-UN approved foreign intervention in Indochina, and consistently deplored it as needless suffering, calling for the Vietnam War to end on several occasions. At the same time he remained open toward the United States and commended it for making progress with African Americans' Civil Rights legislation in the 1950s and 1960s, while visiting the US several times during these years.
In 1967, He visited Montreal, Canada to open the Ethiopian Pavilion at the Expo '67 World's Fair where he received great acclaim amongst other World leaders there for the occasion.
Student unrest became a regular feature of Ethiopian life in the 1960s and 1970s. Marxism took root in large segments of the Ethiopian intelligentsia, particularly among those who had studied abroad and had thus been exposed to radical and left-wing sentiments that were becoming popular in other parts of the globe.[114] Resistance by conservative elements at the Imperial Court and Parliament, and by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, made Haile Selassie's land reform proposals difficult to implement, and also damaged the standing of the government, costing Haile Selassie much of the goodwill he had once enjoyed. This bred resentment among the peasant population. Efforts to weaken unions also hurt his image. As these issues began to pile up, Haile Selassie left much of domestic governance to his Prime Minister, Aklilu Habte Wold, and concentrated more on foreign affairs.
1970s[edit]




Haile Selassie I in Toledo (Spain) in April 1971. Picture by Eduardo Butragueño.


Outside of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie continued to enjoy enormous prestige and respect. As the longest-serving head of state in power, he was often given precedence over other leaders at state events, such as the state funerals of John F. Kennedy and Charles de Gaulle, the summits of the Non-Aligned Movement, and the 1971 celebration of the 2,500 years of the Persian Empire. In 1970 he visited Italy as a guest of President Giuseppe Saragat, and in Milan he met Giordano Dell'Amore, President of Italian Savings Banks Association. He visited China in October 1971, and was the first foreign head of state to meet Mao Zedong following the death of Mao's designated successor Lin Biao in a plane crash in Mongolia.
Human rights in Ethiopia under Selassie's regime were poor. Civil liberties and political rights were low with Freedom House giving Ethiopia a "Not Free" score for both civil liberties and political rights in the last years of Selassie's rule.[122] Common human right abuses included imprisonment and torture of political prisoners and very poor prison conditions.[9] The Ethiopian army also carried out a number of these atrocities while fighting the Eritrean separatists. This was due to a policy of destroying Eritrean villages that supported the rebels. There were a number of mass killings of hundreds of civilians during the war in the late 1960s and early '70s.[123][124][125][126]
Wollo famine[edit]
Famine—mostly in Wollo, north-eastern Ethiopia, as well as in some parts of Tigray—is estimated to have killed 40,000 to 80,000 Ethiopians[8][127] between 1972 and 1974. A BBC News report[128] has cited a 1973 estimate that 200,000 deaths occurred, based on a contemporaneous estimate from the Ethiopian Nutrition Institute. While this figure is still repeated in some texts and media sources, it was an estimate that was later found to be "over-pessimistic".[130] Although the region is infamous for recurrent crop failures and continuous food shortage and starvation risk, this episode was remarkably severe. A 1973 production of the ITV programme The Unknown Famine by Jonathan Dimbleby.[131][132] relied on the unverified estimate of 200,000 dead,[128][133] stimulating a massive influx of aid while at the same time destabilizing Haile Selassie's regime.[127] Against that background, a group of dissident army officers instigated a creeping coup against the emperor's faltering regime. To guard against a public backlash in favour of Haile Selassie (who was still widely revered), they contrived to obtain a copy of The Unknown Famine which they intercut with images of Africa's grand old man presiding at a wedding feast in the grounds of his palace. Retitled The Hidden Hunger, it was shown round the clock on Ethiopian television to coincide with the day that they finally summoned the nerve to seize the emperor himself.[134]




The 1973 oil crisis, the severity of which is demonstrated by this graph, hit Ethiopia amidst a devastating famine, compounding its effect and undermining support for the emperor.[112]


Some reports suggest that the emperor was unaware of the extent of the famine,[128] while others assert that he was well aware of it.[135][136] In addition to the exposure of attempts by corrupt local officials to cover up the famine from the imperial government, the Kremlin's depiction of Haile Selassie's Ethiopia as backwards and inept (relative to the purported utopia of Marxism-Leninism) contributed to the popular uprising that led to its downfall and the rise of Mengistu Haile Mariam.[137] The famine and its image in the media undermined popular support of the government, and Haile Selassie's once unassailable personal popularity fell.[138]
The crisis was exacerbated by military mutinies and high oil prices, the latter a result of the 1973 oil crisis. The international economic crisis triggered by the oil crisis caused the costs of imported goods, gasoline, and food to skyrocket, while unemployment spiked.[112]
Revolution[edit]
In February 1974, four days of serious riots in Addis Ababa against a sudden economic inflation left five dead. The emperor responded by announcing on national television a reduction in petrol prices and a freeze on the cost of basic commodities. This calmed the public, but the promised 33% military wage hike was not substantial enough to pacify the army, which then mutinied, beginning in Asmara and spreading throughout the empire. This mutiny led to the resignation of Prime Minister Aklilu Habte-Wold on 27 February 1974.[139] Haile Selassie again went on television to agree to the army's demands for still greater pay, and named Endelkachew Makonnen as his new Prime Minister. Despite Endalkatchew's many concessions, discontent continued in March with a four-day general strike that paralyzed the nation.
Imprisonment[edit]




The deposition of Emperor Haile Selassie I (above rear window) from the Jubilee Palace on 12 September 1974, marking the coup d'état's action on that day and the assumption of power by the Derg.


The Derg, a committee of low-ranking military officers and enlisted men, set up in June to investigate the military's demands, took advantage of the government's disarray to depose Haile Selassie on 12 September 1974. General Aman Mikael Andom, a Protestant of Eritrean origin,[139] served briefly as provisional head of state pending the return of Crown Prince Asfa Wossen, who was then receiving medical treatment abroad. Haile Selassie was placed under house arrest briefly at the 4th Army Division in Addis Ababa,[139] while most of his family was detained at the late Duke of Harar's residence in the north of the capital. The last months of the emperor's life were spent in imprisonment, in the Grand Palace.[140] Reportedly, his mental condition was such that he believed he was still Emperor of Ethiopia.[141]
Later, most of the imperial family was imprisoned in the Addis Ababa prison Kerchele, also known as "Alem Bekagne", or "I've had Enough of This World". On 23 November 1974, sixty former high officials of the imperial government were executed without trial.[142] The executed included Haile Selassie's grandson and two former Prime Ministers.[140] These killings, known to Ethiopians as "Bloody Saturday", were condemned by Crown Prince Asfa Wossen; the Derg responded to his rebuke by revoking its acknowledgment of his imperial legitimacy, and announcing the end of the Solomonic dynasty.[142]
Death and interment[edit]
On 28 August 1975, the state media reported that the "ex-monarch" Haile Selassie had died on 27 August of "respiratory failure" following complications from a prostate examination followed up by a prostate operation.[143] His doctor, Asrat Woldeyes, denied that complications had occurred and rejected the government version of his death.[citation needed] Some imperial loyalists believed that the emperor had in fact been assassinated, and this belief remains widely held to this day.[144] One western correspondent in Ethiopia at the time commented, "While it is not known what actually happened, there are strong indications that no efforts were made to save him. It is unlikely that he was actually killed. Such rumors were bound to arise no matter what happened, given the atmosphere of suspicion and distrust prevailing in Addis Ababa at the time."[145]
The Soviet-backed Derg fell in 1991. In 1992, the emperor's bones were found under a concrete slab on the palace grounds;[144] some reports suggest that his remains were discovered beneath a latrine.[146] For almost a decade thereafter, as Ethiopian courts attempted to sort out the circumstances of his death, his coffin rested in Bhata Church, near his great-uncle Menelik II's resting place.[147] On 5 November 2000, Haile Selassie was given an imperial-style funeral by the Ethiopian Orthodox church. The post-communist government refused calls to declare the ceremony an official imperial funeral.[147]
Although such prominent Rastafari figures as Rita Marley and others participated in the grand funeral, most Rastafari rejected the event and refused to accept that the bones were the remains of Haile Selassie. There remains some debate within the Rastafari movement whether Haile Selassie actually died in 1975.[148]
Descendants[edit]




Prince Makonnen, son of Haile Selassie I.


By Menen Asfaw, Haile Selassie had six children: Princess Tenagnework, Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen, Princess Tsehai, Princess Zenebework, Prince Makonnen, and Prince Sahle Selassie.
There is some controversy as to the motherhood of Haile Selassie's eldest daughter, Princess Romanework. While the living members of the royal family state that Romanework is the eldest daughter of Empress Menen,[149] it has been asserted that Princess Romanework is actually the daughter of a previous union of the emperor with Woizero Altayech.[150] This may be a nickname she used, as nobleman Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos, a contemporary source prominent in both the Imperial Court and the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church names her as Woizero Woinetu Amede. The emperor's own autobiography makes no mention of this previous marriage or having fathered children with anyone other than Empress Menen, although he mentions the death of this daughter in captivity at Turin. Other sources such as Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos mentions Princess Romanework's mother Woizero Woinetu Amede as attending the wedding of her daughter to Dejazmatch Beyene Merid in a first hand account in his book about the years before the Italian occupation.
Prince Asfaw Wossen was first married to Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum and then following their divorce to Princess Medferiashwork Abebe. Prince Makonnen was married to Princess Sara Gizaw. Prince Sahle Selassie was married to Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam. Princess Romanework married Dejazmatch Beyene Merid. Princess Tenagnework first married Ras Desta Damtew, and after she was widowed later married Ras Andargachew Messai. Princess Zenebework married Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Gugsa. Princess Tsehai married Lt. General Abiye Abebe.


Name
Birth
Death
Spouse
Children


Princess Romanework
Circa 1909
14 October 1941
Dejazmatch Beyene Merid
Dejazmatch Merid Beyene
Dejazmatch Samson Beyene
Lij Getachew Beyene
Lij Gideon Beyene


Princess Tenagnework
12 January 1912
6 April 2003
1st Ras Desta Damtew
2nd Ras Andargatchew Messai
Princess Aida Desta
Prince Amha Desta
Princess Seble Desta
Rear Admiral Prince Iskinder Desta
Princess Hirut Desta
Princess Sophia Desta
Emebet Tsige Mariam Abebe Retta
Emebet Mentewab Andargatchew(died in childhood)


Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
27 July 1916
17 February 1997
1st Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum
2nd Princess Medferiashwork Abebe
Princess Ijigayehu
Princess Maryam Senna
Princess Sehin Azebe
Princess Sifrash Bizu
Crown Prince Zera Yacob


Princess Zenebework
25 July 1918
25 March 1933
Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Guglsa



Princess Tsehai
13 October 1919
17 August 1942
Lt. General Abiye Abebe



Prince Makonnen Duke of Harrar
16 October 1923
13 May 1957
Princess Sara Gizaw Duchess of Harrar
Prince Paul Wossen Seged Makonnen Duke of Harrar
Prince Mikael Makonnen
Prince Tefferi Makonnen
Prince Dawit Makonnen (or Makonnen Makonnen)
Prince Beede Mariam Makonnen


Prince Sahle Selassie
27 February 1931
24 April 1962
Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam
Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie


Rastafari messiah[edit]


“
…Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
”


—  Psalms 68:31




Rastafari





Main doctrines







Jah
Ital






Zion
Cannabis use







Central figures







Haile Selassie I
Jesus






Menen Asfaw
Marcus Garvey







Key scriptures







Bible
Kebra Nagast






My Life and Ethiopia's Progress






The Promise Key
Holy Piby




Royal Parchment Scroll
of Black Supremacy





Branches







Mansions
in the U.S.






Bobo Ashanti
Nyabinghi



Twelve Tribes of Israel




Festivals







Shashamane
Grounation Day



Reasoning




Notable individuals




Leonard Howell
Joseph Hibbert
Archibald Dunkley
Mortimer Planno
Vernon Carrington
Charles Edwards
Bob Marley
Peter Tosh




See also







Vocabulary
Persecution






Dreadlocks
Reggae



Roots reggae
Lion of Judah
Ethiopian Christianity
Chalice
Index of Rastafari articles







v
t
e





Today, Haile Selassie is worshipped as God incarnate[151] among followers of the Rastafari movement (taken from Haile Selassie's pre-imperial name Ras—meaning Head, a title equivalent to Duke—Tafari Makonnen), which emerged in Jamaica during the 1930s under the influence of Marcus Garvey's "Pan Africanism" movement. He is viewed as the messiah who will lead the peoples of Africa and the African diaspora to freedom.[152] His official titles are Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah and King of Kings of Ethiopia and Elect of God, and his traditional lineage is thought to be from Solomon and Sheba.[153] These notions are perceived by Rastafari as confirmation of the return of the messiah in the prophetic Book of Revelation in the New Testament: King of Kings, Lord of Lords, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, and Root of David. Rastafari faith in the incarnate divinity of Haile Selassie[154] began after news reports of his coronation reached Jamaica,[155] particularly via the two Time magazine articles on the coronation the week before and the week after the event. Haile Selassie's own perspectives permeate the philosophy of the movement.[155][156]
In 1961, the Jamaican government sent a delegation composed of both Rastafari and non-Rastafari leaders to Ethiopia to discuss the matter of repatriation, among other issues, with the emperor. He reportedly told the Rastafari delegation (which included Mortimer Planno), "Tell the Brethren to be not dismayed, I personally will give my assistance in the matter of repatriation."[157]
Haile Selassie visited Jamaica on 21 April 1966, and approximately one hundred thousand Rastafari from all over Jamaica descended on Palisadoes Airport in Kingston,[155] having heard that the man whom they considered to be their messiah was coming to visit them. Spliffs[158] and chalices[159] were openly[160] smoked, causing "a haze of ganja smoke" to drift through the air.[161][162][163] Haile Selassie arrived at the airport but was unable to come down the mobile steps of the airplane, as the crowd rushed the tarmac. He then returned into the plane, disappearing for several more minutes. Finally, Jamaican authorities were obliged to request Ras Mortimer Planno, a well-known Rasta leader, to climb the steps, enter the plane, and negotiate the emperor's descent.[164] Planno re-emerged and announced to the crowd: "The Emperor has instructed me to tell you to be calm. Step back and let the Emperor land".[165] This day is widely held by scholars to be a major turning point for the movement,[166][167][168] and it is still commemorated by Rastafari as Grounation Day, the anniversary of which is celebrated as the second holiest holiday after 2 November, the emperor's Coronation Day.
From then on, as a result of Planno's actions, the Jamaican authorities were asked to ensure that Rastafari representatives were present at all state functions attended by the emperor,[167][168] and Rastafari elders also ensured that they obtained a private audience with the emperor,[167] where he reportedly told them that they should not emigrate to Ethiopia until they had first liberated the people of Jamaica. This dictum came to be known as "liberation before repatriation".
Haile Selassie defied expectations of the Jamaican authorities[169] and never rebuked the Rastafari for their belief in him as the returned Jesus. Instead, he presented the movement's faithful elders with gold medallions – the only recipients of such an honor on this visit.[170][171] During PNP leader (later Jamaican Prime Minister) Michael Manley's visit to Ethiopia in October 1969, the emperor allegedly still recalled his 1966 reception with amazement, and stated that he felt that he had to be respectful of their beliefs.[172] This was the visit when Manley received the Rod of Correction or Rod of Joshua as a present from the emperor, which is thought to have helped him to win the 1972 election in Jamaica.
Rita Marley, Bob Marley's wife, converted to the Rastafari faith after seeing Haile Selassie on his Jamaican trip. She claimed in interviews (and in her book No Woman, No Cry) that she saw a stigmata print on the palm of Haile Selassie's hand as he waved to the crowd which resembled the markings on Christ's hands from being nailed to the cross—a claim that was not supported by other sources, but was used as evidence for her and other Rastafari to suggest that Haile Selassie I was indeed their messiah.[173] She was also influential in the conversion of Bob Marley, who then became internationally recognized. As a result, Rastafari became much better known throughout much of the world.[174] Bob Marley's posthumously released song "Iron Lion Zion" refers to Haile Selassie.
Question of his divinity[edit]
In a 1967 recorded interview Haile Selassie appeared to deny his alleged divinity. In the interview Bill McNeil says: "there are millions of Christians throughout the world, your Imperial Majesty, who regard you as the reincarnation of Jesus Christ." Selassie replied in his native language:

I have heard of that idea. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I will be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that a human being is emanated from a deity.[175]

For many Rastafari the CBC interview is not interpreted as a denial of his divinity, and according to Robert Earl Hood, Haile Selassie neither denied nor affirmed his divinity either way.[176] In Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music, Kevin Chang and Wayne Chen note

It's often said, though no definite date is ever cited, that Haile Selassie himself denied his divinity. Former senator and Gleaner editor, Hector Wynter, tells of asking him, during his visit to Jamaica in 1966, when he was going to tell Rastafari he was not God. "Who am I to disturb their belief?" replied the emperor.[169]

After his return to Ethiopia, he dispatched Archbishop Abuna Yesehaq Mandefro to the Caribbean to help draw Rastafari and other West Indians to the Ethiopian church and, according to some sources, denied his divinity.[177][178][179][180]
In 1948, Haile Selassie donated a piece of land at Shashamane, 250 km south of Addis Ababa, for the use of people of African descent from the West Indies. Numerous Rastafari families settled there and still live as a community to this day.[181]
Biographical film[edit]
In 2008 a full-length feature film, Man of the Millennium, was produced by an Ethiopian film-maker Tikher Teferra Kidane of Exodus Films, in collaboration with an Alaskan TV station Tanana Valley TV and 4th Avenue Films.[182]
Quotations[edit]

A house built on granite and strong foundations, not even the onslaught of pouring rain, gushing torrents and strong winds will be able to pull down. Some people have written the story of my life representing as truth what in fact derives from ignorance, error or envy; but they cannot shake the truth from its place, even if they attempt to make others believe it.
— Preface to My Life and Ethiopia's Progress, Autobiography of H.I.M. Haile Selassie I (English translation)


That until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned: That until there are no longer first-class and second-class citizens of any nation; That until the color of a man's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes; That until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race; That until that day, the dream of lasting peace and world citizenship and the rule of international morality will remain but a fleeting illusion, to be pursued but never attained and until the ignoble but unhappy regimes that hold our brothers in Angola, in Mozambique, and in South Africa in subhuman bondage have been toppled and destroyed; until bigotry and prejudice and malicious and inhuman self-interest have been replaced by understanding and tolerance and goodwill; until all Africans stand and speak as free human beings, equal in the eyes of the Almighty; until that day, the African continent shall not know peace. We Africans will fight if necessary and we know that we shall win as we are confident in the victory of good over evil.
— English translation of 1963 Speech delivered to the United Nations and popularized in a song called "War" by Bob Marley.


Our attitude to the Somalis who belong to the same race as the Ethiopian people and share with them a common history, has always been crystal clear.
— April 5, 1958 Interview with BBC


Apart from the Kingdom of the Lord there is not on this earth any nation that is superior to any other. Should it happen that a strong Government finds it may with impunity destroy a weak people, then the hour strikes for that weak people to appeal to the League of Nations to give its judgment in all freedom. God and history will remember your judgment.
— Address to the League of Nations, 1936.


We have finished the job. What shall we do with the tools?
— Telegram to Winston Churchill, 1941.


Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted; the indifference of those who should have known better; the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most; that has made it possible for evil to triumph.


Today I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor.
— In a speech to the United Nations.


Misguided people sometimes create misguided ideas. Some of my ancestors were Oromo. How can I colonize myself?
— in response to accusations by dissidents


I have heard of that idea [i.e., of Haile Selassie being the reincarnation of Jesus Christ]. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I would be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that the human being is emanated from a deity."
— Interview with Bill McNeil.


A qualified man with vision, unmoved by daily selfish interests, will be led to right decisions by his conscience. In general, a man who knows from whence he comes and where he is going will co-operate with his fellow human beings. He will not be satisfied with merely doing his ordinary duties but will inspire others by his good example. You are being watched by the nation and you should realize that you will satisfy it if you do good; but if, on the contrary, you do evil, it will lose its hope and its confidence in you."
— 2 July 1963 – University Graduation

Title as emperor[edit]

2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974: His Imperial Majesty the King of Kings of Ethiopia, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, Elect of God.

Honours[edit]
National orders[edit]

 Chief Commander of the Order of the Star of Ethiopia (1909)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Solomon (1930)[184]
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Seal of Solomon[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Queen of Sheba[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Holy Trinity (Ethiopia)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Menelik II[183]

Foreign orders[edit]


 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) (United Kingdom, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown of Italy (Kingdom of Italy, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus (Kingdom of Italy, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Redeemer (Kingdom of Greece, 19 August 1924)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (Belgium, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau (Luxembourg, 25 May 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Legion d'Honneur (France, 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Tower and Sword (Portugal, 1925)
 Knight of the Order of the Most Holy Annunciation (Kingdom of Italy, 1928)
 Royal Victorian Chain (United Kingdom, 1930)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1930)
 Collar of the Order of Muhammad Ali (Kingdom of Egypt, 1930)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion (Netherlands, 1930)
 Knight of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland, 1930)
 Croix de guerre 1939–1945 with a bronze palm (France, 1945)
 Chief Commander of the Legion of Merit (USA, 1945)
 Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of St. Olav (Norway, 1949)
 Yugoslav Great Star (Yugoslavia, 1954)
 Medal of Military Merit 1st Class (Kingdom of Greece, 28 October 1954)
 Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany, 1954)
 Military Medal (France, 1954)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Military William Order (Netherlands, 3 November 1954)[185]
 Honorary Knight of the Order of the Garter (KG) (United Kingdom, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Elephant (RE) (Denmark, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Seraphim (RSerafO) (Sweden, 1954)
 Collar of the Order of the Aztec Eagle (Mexico, 1954)
 Grand Star of the Order of Merit of the Austrian Republic (Austria, 1954)
Honorary Citizen of Belgrade (Yugoslavia, 1954)[186]
 Member of the Order of Merit for National Foundation, the "Order of the Republic of Korea" grade (South Korea, 1955)
 Knight Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (Italy, 1955)
 Collar of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1956)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Vietnam (South Vietnam, 1958)
Grand Commander of the Order of Truth (Burma, 1958)
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Southern Cross (Brazil, 1958)
 Star of the Republic of Indonesia, 1st Class (Indonesia, 1958)
 Hilal-i-Pakistan, 1st Class (Pakistan, 1958)
 Knight of the Order of the Royal House of Chakri (Thailand, 1958)
 Riband of the Three Military (Order Of Christ, Order of Saint Benedict of Aviz, and Order of St. James of the Sword) (Portugal, 1959)
 Korean War Service Medal (South Korea, 1959)
 1st Class of the Order of Suvorov (USSR, 1959)
Grand Cross of the Order of the Somali Star (Somalia)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Nile (Egypt, 22 May 1963)
 Commander of the Order of the Shield and Spears (Buganda, 1964)
 Grand Collar of the Order of Pahlavi (Iran, 1964)
 Star of the People's Republic of Romania (Romania, 1964)
 Member 1st Class with Diamonds of the Order of the Flag of the Republic of Hungary (Hungary, 1964)
Jamaica Kings House Honouree (Jamaica, 1966)
 Collar of the National Order of Honour and Merit (Haiti, 1966)
 Necklace of the Order of Jean-Jacques Dessalines the Great (Haiti, 1966)[187]
 Grand Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (Poland, 1967)
 Honorary Recipient of the Order of the Crown of the Realm (D.M.N.) (Malaysia, 21 May 1968)
 Companion of the Order of the Star of Ghana (CSG) (Ghana, 1970)
 Collar of the Order of Pius IX (Holy See, 1970)
 Knight Collar of the Order of Charles III (Spain, 27 April 1971)[188]
 Commemorative Medal of the 2500th Anniversary of the founding of the Persian Empire (Iran, 14 October 1971)[189]
Honorary Citizen of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Yugoslavia, 1972)[190]
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator General San Martín (Argentina)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Dahomey (Benin)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Condor of the Andes (Bolivia)
 Order of Valour (Cameroon)
 Order of Central African Merit (Central African Republic)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Chad (Republic of Chad)
 Collar of the Order of Merit (Chile)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Merit (Congo)
 Order of the White Lion 1st Class with Collar (Czechoslovakia)
 Collar of the Order of the White Rose (Finland)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Equatorial Star (Gabon)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Guinea)
 Grand Order of the Hashemites (Kingdom of Iraq)
 Order of al-Hussein bin Ali (Jordan)
 Grand Chief of the Order of the Golden Heart (Kenya)
 Extraordinary Grade of the Order of Merit (Lebanon)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Pioneers of Liberia (Liberia)
 Order of Idris I (Libya)
 Grand Cordon of the National Order of Madagascar (Madagascar)
 Order of the Lion (Malawi)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Mali (Mali)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Mauritania)
Order of Muhammad (Morocco)
 Grand Cross of the National Order (Niger)
 Order of the Federal Republic (Nigeria)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru (Peru)
 Raja of the Order of Sikatuna (Philippines)
 Order of Abdulaziz al Saud, 1st Class (Saudi Arabia)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Lion (Senegal)
 Cordon of Honour (Sudan)
 Order of Umayyad (Syria)
 Special Grade of the Order of Propitious Clouds (Taiwan)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Mono (Togo)
 Order of Independence (Tunisia)
 Order of the Source of the Nile (Uganda)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Upper Volta (Republic of Upper Volta)
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator (Venezuela)
 Collar of the National Order of the Leopard (Zaire)
 Collar of the Order of the Eagle of Zambia (Zambia)


Ancestry[edit]


Ancestors of Haile Selassie







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

8. Dejazmach Wolde Malakot Yamana Krestos

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

4. Dejazmach Wolde Mikael Gudessa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

9. Woizero Kalama Worq

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

2. Ras Mäkonnen Wäldä-Mika'él Guddisa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Meridazmach Wossen Seged



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Meridazmach Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Woizero Zenebework



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Immabet Tenagnework Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22.



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Woizero Yimegnushal Ayele

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Etalemahu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

6. Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar of Woreilu

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

3. Woizero Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

14. Ato Yimeru of Gurage

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

7. Immabet-Hoy Walatta Ihata Giyorgis Yimeru

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

15. Woizero Araza-Aregai

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






















Military ranks[edit]
Haile Selassie held the following ranks:[191]

Field Marshal, Imperial Ethiopian Army
Admiral of the Fleet, Imperial Ethiopian Navy
Marshal of the Imperial Ethiopian Air Force
Field Marshal, British Army, 20 January 1965[192]

Popular culture[edit]

William Saroyan wrote a short story about him entitled The Lion of Judah in his 1971 book, Letters from 74 rue Taitbout or Don't Go But If You Must Say Hello To Everybody.
His name is often called out in vain by Hermes Conrad, a Rastafarian Accountant from the show Futurama
Featured as a playable leader in the computer strategy game Civilization V: Brave New World
Rex Stewart, a jazz cornetist, thought about Haile Selassie when he was creating a tune named Menelik (The Lion of Juda) which was recorded in 1941.

See also[edit]

Black Lions
Desta Damtew
List of people who have been considered deities

Notes[edit]
Footnotes[edit]



^ Translates to "Power of the Trinity".[1]
^ Pronounced in English as /ˈhaɪli səˈlæsi/ or /səˈlɑːsi/.[2][3]
^ Ge'ez ግርማዊ ቀዳማዊ አፄ ኃይለ ሥላሴ ሞዓ አንበሳ ዘእምነገደ ይሁዳ ንጉሠ ነገሥት ዘኢትዮጵያ ሰዩመ እግዚአብሔር; girmāwī ḳedāmāwī 'aṣē ḫayle śillāsē, mō'ā 'anbessā ze'imneggede yihudā niguse negest ze'ītyōṗṗyā, siyume 'igzī'a'bihēr.[citation needed]
^ Bālemulu literally means "fully empowered" or "wholly authorised", thus distinguishing it from the general use of Enderase, that being a representative or lieutenant of the Emperor to fiefs or vassals, essentially a Governor-General or Viceroy, by which term provincial governors in the contemporary Imperial period, during Haile Selassie's reign, were referred.[citation needed]
^ Balcha Safo brought an army of ten thousand with him from Sidamo.[37]
^ Balcha Safo's personal bodyguard numbered about five hundred.[37]



Citations[edit]


^ Gates, Henry Louis and Appiah, Anthony, Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience. 1999, p. 902.
^ "Haile Selassie", Merriam-webster, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Haile Selassie", Dictionary, Reference, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ Page, Melvin Eugene; Sonnenburg, Penny M. (2003). Colonialism: an international, social, cultural, and political encyclopedia. 1. ABC-CLIO. p. 247. ISBN 978-1-57607-335-3. 
^ a b Safire 1997, pp. 297–8.
^ Karsh, Efraim (1988), Neutrality and Small States. Routledge. ISBN 0-41500507-8, p. 112.
^ Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs. ISBN 1-58648398-6, pp. 212–13.
^ a b c Rebellion and Famine in the North under Haile Selassie (PDF), Human Rights Watch .
^ a b Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998), "Feeding on Ethiopia's Famine", The Independent, UK .
^ "Rastafarian", Major religions ranked by size, Adherents .
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Sullivan, Michael, C. (2005), In Search of a Perfect World. Author House. ISBN 1-42084161-0, p. 86.
^ Erlich, Haggai (2002), The Cross and the River: Ethiopia, Egypt, and the Nile. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587970-5, p. 192.
^ Murrell, p. 148
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia dies at 83", The New York Times .
^ a b Murrell, pp. 172–3.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xiii.
^ "Haile Selasie: 40 year anniversary of his death". African calendar. Africa Media Online. 
^ Roberts, Neil (11 February 2015). Freedom as Marronage. University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 9780226201047. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ Murrell, p. 159.
^ Lee V. (1983, July), "The Roots of Rastafari", Yoga Journal No. 51. ISSN 0191-0965, p. 18
^ Ghai, Yash P. (2000), Autonomy and Ethnicity: Negotiating Competing Claims in Multi-Ethnic States. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52178642-8, p. 176.
^ a b Kasuka, Bridgette (2012). Prominent African Leaders Since Independence. Bankole Kamara Taylor. p. 19. ISBN 1-47004358-0. 
^ "Shoa 3". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ a b de Moor, Jaap and Wesseling, H. L. (1989), Imperialism and War: Essays on Colonial Wars in Asia and Africa. Brill. ISBN 9004088342, p. 189.
^ a b Woodward, Peter (1994), Conflict and Peace in the Horn of Africa: federalism and its alternatives. Dartmouth Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85521486-5, p. 29.
^ Shinn, p. 265.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xii.
^ a b c Shinn, pp. 193–4.
^ a b Roberts, p. 712.
^ a b White, pp. 34–5.
^ "Modern era". History of Ethiopia. Solomonic crown heraldry. Archived from the original on 26 September 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ Mockler, p. 387.
^ Lentakis, Michael B. (2004), Ethiopia: Land of the Lotus Eaters. Janus Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85756558-4, p. 41.
^ a b Shinn, p. 228.
^ Marcus, p. 126.
^ a b c d e Marcus, p. 127.
^ Marcus, Harold (1996), Haile Selassie I: The formative years, 1892–1936. Trenton: Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902007-8, pp. 36ff.
^ Clarence-Smith, W. G. The Economics of the Indian Ocean Slave Trade in the Nineteenth Century. 1989, p. 103.
^ Miers, Twentieth Century Solutions of the Abolition of Slavery (PDF), Yale .
^ Brody, J. Kenneth (2000). The Avoidable War. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-76580498-0. p. 209.
^ Marcus, p. 123.
^ Gates and Appiah, Africana (1999), p. 698.
^ Rogers, Joel Augustus (1936). The Real Facts about Ethiopia. p. 27.
^ a b c Mockler, pp. 3–4.
^ ETHIOPIAN RULER WINS PLAUDITS OF PARISIANS, The New York Times. 17 May 1924.
^ ETHIOPIAN ROYALTIES DON SHOES IN CAIRO, The New York Times. 5 May 1924.
^ Mockler, p. 4.
^ Nidel, Richard (2005), World Music: The Basics. Routledge. ISBN 0415968003, p. 56.
^ a b Roberts, p. 723.
^ Marcus, p. 129.
^ Mockler, p. 8.
^ Marcus, pp. 127–28.
^ Roberts, p. 724.
^ Sorenson, John (2001). Ghosts and Shadows: Construction of Identity and Community in an African Diaspora. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-80208331-5 p. 34.
^ Brockman, Norbert C. (1994), An African Biographical Dictionary. ABC-CLIO. ISBN 0-87436748-4, p. 381.
^ Henze, Paul B. (2000), Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia. C. Hurst & Co. Publishers. ISBN 1-85065393-3, p. 205.
^ a b Mockler, p. 12.
^ Abyssinian ruler honors Americans. The New York Times. 24 October 1930.
^ Wallace, Irving (1965). "Everybody's Rover Boy", p. 113 in The Sunday Gentleman. New York: Simon & Schuster.
^ "Emperor is Crowned in Regal Splendor at African Capital". The New York Times. 3 November 1930.
^ ABYSSINIA'S GUESTS RECEIVE COSTLY GIFTS. The New York Times. 12 November 1930.
^ "Emperor of Ethiopia Honors Bishop Freeman; Sends Gold-Encased Bible and Cross for Prayer". The New York Times. 27 January 1931.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 17.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 22.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020515, p. 22.
^ Mockler, p. 61.
^ a b Carlton, Eric (1992), Occupation: The Policies and Practices of Military Conquerors. Taylor & Francis. ISBN 0-20314346-9, pp. 88–9.
^ a b Vandervort, Bruce (1998), Wars of Imperial Conquest in Africa, 1830–1914. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-25321178-6, p. 158.
^ Churchill, Winston (1986). The Second World War. p. 165.
^ Chapter 35 – We proclaim mobilization at the Wayback Machine (archived 11 June 2009) in Words of RasTafarI, Haile Selassie I. Jah-rastafari. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Baudendistel, Rainer (2006), Between Bombs And Good Intentions: The Red Cross And the Italo-Ethiopian War. Berghahn Books. ISBN 1-84545035-3, p. 168.
^ Young, John (1997), Peasant Revolution in Ethiopia. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52102606-7, p. 51.
^ Garvey, Marcus, The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers. 1991, p. 685.
^ Mockler, p. 123.
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 62.
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 132
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 72.
^ Moseley, Ray (1999), Mussolini's Shadow: The Double Life of Count Galeazzo Ciano. Yale University Press. ISBN 0-30007917-6, p. 27.
^ Jarrett-Macauley, Delia (1998), The Life of Una Marson, 1905–65, Manchester University Press, ISBN 0-71905284-X, pp. 102–3.
^ Safire 1997, p. 318.
^ Ferraro, Vincent. "Haile Selassie, "Appeal to the League of Nations", June 1936". Mtholyoke. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Man of the Year", Time (magazine), 6 January 1936 .
^ Time 1937.
^ Elleray, D. Robert (1998). A Millennium Encyclopaedia of Worthing History. Worthing: Optimus Books. p. 119. ISBN 0-9533132-0-4. 
^ Selassie at Wimbledon, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society, Summer 2006, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Exiled emperor at home in hotel". Malvern Gazette. 18 October 2002. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor's life in town is recalled in BBC film". Malvern Gazette. 14 February 2003. Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "'Princesses were my school chums'". Malvern Gazette. Newsquest Media Group. 5 May 2006. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor will be remembered as part of civic week". Malvern Gazette. 6 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Civic week to be launched with ceremony". Malvern Gazette. 21 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 11–2..
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 26–27..
^ a b Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 25.
^ a b Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004), Ethiopia: A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-41911857-9, pp. 60–61.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 27.
^ a b c Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 40–42.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 170.
^ Shinn, p. 3.
^ Haber, Lutz, The Emperor Haile Selassie I in Bath 1936–1940, Occasional papers, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society .
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 156.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 165.
^ Hinks, Peter P.; McKivigan, John R. and Williams, R. Owen (2007). Encyclopedia of Antislavery and Abolition, Greenwood Publishing Group, p. 248. ISBN 0-313-33143-X.
^ Shinn, p. 201.
^ a b Shinn, pp. 140–1.
^ a b c d e Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004). Ethiopia A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1419118579. pp. 63–4.
^ Willcox Seidman, Ann (1990), Apartheid, Militarism, and the U.S. Southeast. Africa World Press. ISBN 0865431515, p. 78.
^ a b c Watson, John H. (2000), Among the Copts. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 978-1-902210-56-8, p. 56.
^ "Ethiopian Korean War Veterans", Geo cities, Yahoo!, Archived from the original on 26 October 2009 CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link).
^ Nathaniel, Ras (2004), 50th Anniversary of His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1-41203702-6, p. 30.
^ "Ethiopia Administrative Change and the 1955 Constitution". Country studies. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Mammo, Tirfe (1999). The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge. The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902049-3, p. 103.
^ Addis Zemen newspaper, 3 October 1947.
^ a b Zewde, Bahru (2001), A History of Modern Ethiopia. Oxford: James Currey. ISBN 0852557868, pp. 220–26.
^ a b Mammo, Tirfe (1999), The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge.The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020493, p. 100.
^ "General Assembly Resolutions 5th Session". United Nations. Retrieved 16 October 2007. 
^ Haile, Semere (1987), "The Origins and Demise of the Ethiopia-Eritrea Federation", Issue: A Journal of Opinion, 15, pp. 9–17.
^ "Ethiopia: New African Union Building and Kwame Statue" (Video) at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 June 2012). Jimma Times. 29 January 2012
^ Brewer, Sam Pope (5 October 1963), Selassie, at U.N., Recalls 1936 Plea to League, The New York Times.
^ "Photo # 84497", Emperor of Ethiopia Addresses General Assembly, New York: United Nations, 4 October 1963 .
^ Wikisource:Selassie's Address to the United Nations
^ "Country ratings and status, FIW 1973-2012" (XLS). Freedom House. 2012. Retrieved 2012-08-22. 
^ "40th anniversary of Hazemo Massacre commemorated". Shabait. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 26 July 2007. 
^ "Eritrean Martyrs' Day". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ Latt, Louise. "Eritrea Re-photographed: Landscape Changes in the Eritrean Highlands 1890-2004" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 4 March 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ "Dates in Eritrean History". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ a b De Waal, p. 58.
^ a b c Dickinson, Daniel, "The last of the Ethiopian emperors", BBC News, Addis Ababa, 12 May 2005.
^ De Waal.
^ De Waal (1991b), "3. Rebellion and famine in the north under Haile Selassie", Evil Days (PDF), p. 58, n. 7 ; from .[129]
^ "The Unknown Famine in Ethiopia 1973". BBC. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (28 July 2002). "Jonathan Dimbleby and the hidden famine". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Eldridge, John Eric Thomas (1993), Getting the Message: News, Truth and Power. Psychology Press. ISBN 0-41507983-7, p. 26.
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998). "Feeding on Ethiopia's famine". The Independent. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ De Waal, p. 61.
^ Woodward, Peter (2003), The Horn of Africa: Politics and International Relations. I. B. Tauris. ISBN 1-86064870-3, p. 175.
^ Kumar, Krishna (1998). Postconflict Elections, Democratization, and International Assistance. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587778-8, p. 114.
^ "Government and Politics", Ethiopia (country study), Mongabay, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ a b c Launhardt, Johannes (2005). Evangelicals in Addis Ababa (1919–1991). LIT Verlag. ISBN 3-82587791-4, pp. 239–40.
^ a b Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs, ISBN 1-58648398-6, p. 216.
^ Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, 1978. ISBN 0-679-72203-3.
^ a b Shinn, p. 44.
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia Dies at 83". The New York Times. 28 August 1975. Retrieved 21 July 2007. Haile Selassie, the last emperor in the 3,000-year-old Ethiopian monarchy, who ruled for half a century before he was deposed in a military coup last September, died yesterday in a small apartment in his former palace. He was 83 years old. His death was played down by the military rulers who succeeded him in Addis Ababa, who announced it in a normally scheduled radio newscast there at 7 am They said that he had been found dead in his bed by a servant, and that the cause of death was probably related to the effects of a prostate operation Haile Selassie underwent two months ago. 
^ a b "An Imperial Burial for Haile Selassie, 25 Years After Death", The New York Times, 6 November 2000.
^ Ottaway, Marina, and David Ottaway (1978), Ethiopia: Empire in Revolution. New York: Africana. ISBN 0-84190363-8, p. 109, n. 22.
^ "Ethiopians Celebrate a Mass for Exhumed Haile Selassie", The New York Times, 1 March 1992.
^ a b Lorch, Donatella (31 December 1995). "Ethiopia Deals With Legacy of Kings and Colonels". The New York Times.
^ Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19803060-6, p. 55.
^ "Granddaughter Esther Selassie's website genealogy". Afronord.tripod.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Mockler, p. xxvii.
^ "Rastafarian beliefs". BBC. 9 October 2009. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "The African Diaspora, Ethiopianism, and Rastafari". Smithsonian education. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie King of Kings, Conquering Lion of the tribe of Judah". Debate.uvm.edu. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie". Ethiopian History. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Owens, Joseph (1974), Dread, The Rastafarians of Jamaica. ISBN 0-435-98650-3.
^ "The Re-evolution of Rastafari". Rastafari speaks. 20 January 2003. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. pp. 118–. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Christopher John Farley, Before the Legend: The Rise of Bob Marley, p. 145.
^ David Katz, People Funny Boy (Lee Perry biography), p. 41.
^ Murrell, p. 64.
^ David Howard, Kingston: A Cultural and Literary History, p. 176.
^ "The State Visit of Emperor Haile Selassie I". Jamaica-gleaner.com. Archived from the original on 9 December 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Commemorating The Royal Visit by Ijahnya Christian", The Anguillian Newspaper, 22 April 2005.
^ White, pp. 15, 210, 211.
^ Bogues, Anthony (2003), Black Heretics, Black Prophets: Radical Political Intellectuals. Psychology Press. ISBN 0415943256, p. 189.
^ Bradley, Lloyd (2001), This Is Reggae Music: The Story of Jamaica's Music. Grove Press. ISBN 0802138284, pp. 192–93.
^ a b c Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0198030606. p. 86.
^ a b Habekost, Christian (1993), Verbal Riddim: The Politics and Aesthetics of African-Caribbean Dub Poetry. Rodopi. ISBN 9051835493, p. 83.
^ a b O'Brien Chang, Kevin; Chen, Wayne (1998). Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music. Temple University Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-1-56639-629-5. 
^ "African Crossroads – Spiritual Kinsmen" at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 January 2008) Dr. Ikael Tafari, The Daily Nation, 24 December 2007.
^ White, p. 211.
^ Funk, Jerry (2007), Life Is an Excellent Adventure. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1412215005, p. 149.
^ Marley, Rita (2004). No Woman No Cry: My Life with Bob Marley. Hyperion. p. 43. ISBN 978-0-7868-6867-4. 
^ "Bob Marley the Devoted Rastafarian!". Rasta-man-vibration.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Spencer, William David (1998). Dread Jesus. SPCK Publishing. p. 44. ISBN 978-0-28105101-4. 
^ Hood, Robert Earl (January 1990). Must God Remain Greek?: Afro Cultures and God-talk. Fortress Press. pp. 93–. ISBN 978-0-8006-2449-1. 
^ "Ethiopians in D.C. Region Mourn Archbishop's Death". The Washington Post. 13 January 2006. 
^ "Bob Marley Anniversary Spotlights Rasta Religion". National Geographic. 28 October 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie I – God of the Black race". BBC. 
^ Nettleford, Rex (1970), Mirror, Mirror: Identity, Race and Protest in Jamaica, William Collins and Sangster Ltd, Jamaica.
^ "The History and Location of the Shashamane Settlement Community Development Foundation, Inc., USA". Shashamane. Archived from the original on 25 May 2011. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "'Man of the Millennium' - Message from the Director". Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ a b c d e Copley, Gregory R. Ethiopia Reaches Her Hand Unto God: Imperial Ethiopia's Unique Symbols, Structures and Role in the Modern World. Published by Defense & Foreign Affairs, part of the International Strategic Studies Association, 1998. ISBN 1892998009. p.17
^ Religious, Traditional & Ceremonial. The Official Website of The Crown Council of Ethiopia. The Crown Council of Ethiopia. Retrieved 13 August 2014.
^ "Haile Selassie I", Military William Order (in Dutch), Defence, retrieved 9 March 2016 .
^ "Đilas podržao predlog". RS: Blic. Archived from the original on 21 December 2008. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Abbott, Elizabeth (1988), Haiti: An insider's history of the rise and fall of the Duvaliers. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-67168620-8, p. 139.
^ Boletín Oficial del Estado
^ Badraie. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Odluka o proglašenju Njegovog Carskog Veličanstva Cara Etiopije Haila Selasija Prvog za počasnog građanina SFRJ ("Službeni list SFRJ"), br. 33/72 319–655
^ "Shoa 6". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ The London Gazette, Issue: 43567 Page: 1235. Retrieved op 17 January 2017.


Bibliography[edit]

Marcus, Harold G. (1994). A History of Ethiopia. London: University of California Press. p. 316. ISBN 0-520-22479-5. 
Mockler, Anthony (2003). Haile Selassie's War. Signal Books. ISBN 1-90266953-3. 
Murrell, Nathaniel Samuel; Spencer, William David; McFarlane, Adrian Anthony (1998). Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader. Temple University Press. ISBN 1-56639584-4. 
Roberts, Andrew Dunlop (1986). The Cambridge History of Africa: From 1905 to 1940. 7. Cambridge: Press Sindicate of the University of Cambridge. ISBN 0-52122505-1. 
Safire, William (1997), Lend Me Your Ears: Great Speeches in History, W.W. Norton, ISBN 0-39304005-4 .
Selassie, Haile I (1999), My Life and Ethiopia's Progress: The Autobiography of Emperor Haile Selassie I, translated from Amharic by Edward Ullendorff, New York: Frontline Books, ISBN 0-948390-40-9 .
Shinn, David Hamilton; Ofcansky, Thomas P. (2004). Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. Scarecrow Press. ISBN 0-81086566-1. 
"Distressed Negus". Time Magazine. 15 November 1937. Retrieved 19 January 2010. 
De Waal, Alexander (1991). Evil Days: Thirty Years of War and Famine in Ethiopia (PDF). Human Rights Watch. ISBN 1-56432038-3. 
White, Timothy (2006). Catch a Fire: The Life of Bob Marley. Henry Holt & Co. ISBN 0-80508086-4. 

Further reading[edit]

Henze, Paul B (2000), ""The Rise of Haile Selassie: Time of Troubles, Regent, Emperor, Exile" and "Ethiopia in the Modern World: Haile Selassie from Triumph to Tragedy"", Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia, New York: Palgrave, ISBN 0-312-22719-1 .
Kapuściński, Ryszard (1978), The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, ISBN 0-679-72203-3 .
Haile Selassie I: Ethiopia's Lion of Judah, 1979, ISBN 0-88229-342-7
Haile Selassie's war: the Italian-Ethiopian Campaign, 1935–1941, 1984, ISBN 0-394-54222-3
Haile Selassie, western education, and political revolution in Ethiopia, 2006, ISBN 978-1-934043-20-2
King of Kings: the triumph and tragedy of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia, 2015, ISBN 978-1-910376-14-0
Mosley, Leonard, Haile Selassie: The Conquering Lion. Prentice Hall 1965 LCCN 65-11882 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Haile Selassie I.





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Haile Selassie



Ethiopian Treasures – Emperor Haile Selassie I
Imperial Crown Council of Ethiopia
Speech to the League of Nations, June 1936 (full text)
Rare and Unseen: Haile Selassie – slideshow by Life magazine
Marcus Garvey's prophecy of Haile Selassie I as the returned messiah
Haile Selassie I and the Italo-Ethiopian war
Haile Selassie I, the Later Years
A critical look at the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia
BBC article, memories of his personal servant
"His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia visits Jamaica", Watch News Reel (video), Google, 21 April 1966 
Ba Beta Kristiyan Haile Selassie I  – The Church of Haile Selassie I
Haile Selassie I Speaks -Text & Audio-
Collection by Martin Rikli in 1935–1936, including photos of Haile Selassie, open access through the University of Florida Digital Collections
The Emperor's Clothes
A History of Ethiopia




Haile Selassie
House of Solomon
Born: 23 July 1892 Died: 27 August 1975


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Zewditu I
Emperor of Ethiopia
2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974
Monarchy abolished


Titles in pretence


Loss of title
Communist take-over

— TITULAR —
Emperor of Ethiopia
12 September 1974 – 27 August 1975
Succeeded by
Crown Prince Amha Selassie








v
t
e


Emperors of Ethiopia (1270–1974)




Family tree



Solomonic dynasty



Yekuno Amlak
Yagbe'u Seyon (Salomon I)
Senfa Ared IV
Hezba Asgad
Qedma Asgad
Jin Asgad
Saba Asgad
Wedem Arad
Amda Seyon I
Newaya Krestos
Newaya Maryam
Dawit I
Tewodros I
Yeshaq I
Andreyas
Takla Maryam
Sarwe Iyasus
Amda Iyasus
Zara Yaqob (Kwestantinos I)
Baeda Maryam I
Eskender (Kwestantinos II)
Amda Seyon II
Na'od
Dawit II
Gelawdewos
Menas
Sarsa Dengel
Yaqob
Za Dengel
Yaqob
Susenyos I
Fasilides
Yohannes I
Iyasu the Great
Tekle Haymanot I
Tewoflos
Yostos
Dawit III
Bakaffa
Iyasu II





Age of the Princes



Iyoas I
Yohannes II
Tekle Haymanot II
Susenyos II
Tekle Haymanot II
Salomon II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Iyasu III
Tekle Giyorgis I
Hezqeyas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Baeda Maryam II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Yonas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Demetros
Tekle Giyorgis I
Demetros
Egwale Seyon
Iyoas II
Gigar
Baeda Maryam III
Gigar
Iyasu IV
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel





Tewodros dynasty



Tewodros II





Zagwe restoration



Tekle Giyorgis II





Tigray dynasty



Yohannes IV





Solomonic dynasty



Menelik II
Iyasu V
Zewditu I
Haile Selassie I












v
t
e


Chairpersons of the Organisation of African Unity and the African Union



Organisation of African Unity



Selassie
Nasser
Nkrumah
Ankrah
Selassie
Mobutu
Boumedienne
Ahidjo
Kaunda
Daddah
Hassan II
Gowon
Barre
Amin
Ramgoolam
Bongo
Nimeiry
Tolbert
Senghor
Stevens
Moi
Mengistu
Nyerere
Diouf
Nguesso
Kaunda
Traoré
Mubarak
Museveni
Babangida
Diouf
Mubarak
Ben Ali
Meles
Biya
Mugabe
Compaoré
Bouteflika
Eyadéma
Chiluba
Mwanawasa





African Union



Mbeki
Chissano
Obasanjo
Nguesso
Kufuor
Kikwete
Gaddafi
Mutharika
Nguema
Boni
Hailemariam
Abdel Aziz
Mugabe
Déby
Condé












v
t
e


Pan-Africanism



Ideology





Variants




Afrocentrism
African nationalism
African socialism
Black nationalism
Garveyism
Nkrumaism
Sankarism
Uhuru Movement
Zikism






Concepts




African century
Black Power
Négritude
Ubuntu
Ujamaa
United States of Africa








Proponents





Politicians




Nnamdi Azikiwe
Amílcar Cabral
David Comissiong
Muammar Gaddafi
Marcus Garvey
Alieu Ebrima Cham Joof
Kenneth Kaunda
Jomo Kenyatta
Patrice Lumumba
Thabo Mbeki
Robert Mugabe
Abdias do Nascimento
Gamal Abdel Nasser
Kwame Nkrumah
John Nyathi Pokela
Julius Nyerere
Thomas Sankara
Ahmed Sékou Touré
Haile Selassie
Robert Sobukwe
I. T. A. Wallace-Johnson






Others




Marimba Ani
Molefi Kete Asante
Steve Biko
Edward Wilmot Blyden
Stokely Carmichael
John Henrik Clarke
Cheikh Anta Diop
W. E. B. Du Bois
Frantz Fanon
John G. Jackson
Leonard Jeffries
Yosef Ben-Jochannan
Maulana Karenga
Fela Kuti
Malcolm X
Zephania Mothopeng
George Padmore
Motsoko Pheko
Runoko Rashidi
Paul Robeson
Randall Robinson
Walter Rodney
Burning Spear
Henry Sylvester-Williams
Issa Laye Thiaw
Omali Yeshitela








Organizations



African Union
African Unification Front
All-African People's Revolutionary Party
Conseil de l'Entente
Convention People's Party
Economic Freedom Fighters
International African Service Bureau
Organisation of African Unity
Pan Africanist Congress of Azania
Rassemblement Démocratique Africain
UNIA-ACL





Symbols



Black Star of Africa
Lion of Judah
Pan-African colours
Pan-African flag





Related



African philosophy
African-American leftism
Africanization
All-African Peoples' Conference
Kwanzaa
Year of Africa












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year








1927–1950






Charles Lindbergh (1927)
Walter Chrysler (1928)
Owen D. Young (1929)
Mohandas Gandhi (1930)
Pierre Laval (1931)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1932)
Hugh S. Johnson (1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1934)
Haile Selassie (1935)
Wallis Simpson (1936)
Chiang Kai-shek / Soong Mei-ling (1937)
Adolf Hitler (1938)
Joseph Stalin (1939)
Winston Churchill (1940)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1941)
Joseph Stalin (1942)
George Marshall (1943)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1944)
Harry S. Truman (1945)
James F. Byrnes (1946)
George Marshall (1947)
Harry S. Truman (1948)
Winston Churchill (1949)
The American Fighting-Man (1950)













1951–1975






Mohammed Mosaddeq (1951)
Elizabeth II (1952)
Konrad Adenauer (1953)
John Foster Dulles (1954)
Harlow Curtice (1955)
Hungarian Freedom Fighters (1956)
Nikita Khrushchev (1957)
Charles de Gaulle (1958)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1959)
U.S. Scientists: George Beadle / Charles Draper / John Enders / Donald A. Glaser / Joshua Lederberg / Willard Libby / Linus Pauling / Edward Purcell / Isidor Rabi / Emilio Segrè / William Shockley / Edward Teller / Charles Townes / James Van Allen / Robert Woodward (1960)
John F. Kennedy (1961)
Pope John XXIII (1962)
Martin Luther King, Jr. (1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1964)
William Westmoreland (1965)
The Generation Twenty-Five and Under (1966)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1967)
The Apollo 8 Astronauts: William Anders / Frank Borman / Jim Lovell (1968)
The Middle Americans (1969)
Willy Brandt (1970)
Richard Nixon (1971)
Henry Kissinger / Richard Nixon (1972)
John Sirica (1973)
King Faisal (1974)
American Women: Susan Brownmiller / Kathleen Byerly / Alison Cheek / Jill Conway / Betty Ford / Ella Grasso / Carla Hills / Barbara Jordan / Billie Jean King / Susie Sharp / Carol Sutton / Addie Wyatt (1975)













1976–2000






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yasser Arafat / F. W. de Klerk / Nelson Mandela / Yitzhak Rabin (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)













2001–present






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protester (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karwah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)









 Book:Time Persons of the Year







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 66475642
LCCN: n79043431
ISNI: 0000 0001 0910 2298
GND: 118700758
SELIBR: 319456
SUDOC: 027764656
BNF: cb11973730w (data)
NLA: 35677375
NDL: 00620780
NKC: jo2007416169










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Haile_Selassie&oldid=792503176"					
Categories: Haile Selassie1892 births1975 deathsAfrican Union chairpersonsBurials at Holy Trinity Cathedral (Addis Ababa)Deified peopleEmperors of EthiopiaEthiopian anti-communistsEthiopian Oriental Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian princesGovernments in exile during World War IIInternational opponents of apartheid in South AfricaLeaders ousted by a coupMarshals of the air forceNon-Chalcedonian Christian monarchsOrthodox monarchsAfrican pan-AfricanistsPeople from Addis AbabaRastafari movementRulers of EthiopiaSolomonic dynastyWorld War II political leadersChief Commanders of the Legion of MeritChiefs of the Order of the Golden Heart of KenyaCollars of the Order of the Aztec EagleExtra Knights Companion of the GarterGrand Collars of the Order of SikatunaGrand Collars of the Order of the Southern CrossGrand Commanders of the Order of the Federal RepublicGrand Cordons of the Order of the NileGrand Cordons of the Order of the Queen of ShebaGrand Cordons of the Order of the Seal of SolomonGrand Cordons of the Order of ValourGrand Croix of the Légion d'honneurGrand Crosses of the Order of the Sun of PeruGrand Crosses of the National Order of Honour and MeritGrand Crosses of the Order of Christ (Portugal)Grand Crosses of the Order of the Tower and SwordGrand Crosses Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of GermanyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the BathHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian OrderHonorary Recipients of the Order of the Crown of the RealmKnights Grand Cross of the Military William OrderKnights of Pius IXKnights of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of NassauRecipients of the National Order of VietnamRecipients of the Order of Menelik IIRecipients of the Order of Merit for National FoundationRecipients of the Order of Polonia RestitutaRecipients of the Order of Saints Maurice and LazarusRecipients of the Order of SolomonRecipients of the Order of the Condor of the AndesRecipients of the Order of the Liberator General San MartinRecipients of the Order of the Star of EthiopiaRecipients of the Order of the Star of GhanaRecipients of the Royal Victorian ChainRecipients of Thiri Thudhamma ThingahaPeople of the Second Italo-Ethiopian WarPeople considered avatars by their followersPeople from Oromia RegionRecipients of the Silver World AwardHidden categories: Articles containing Ge'ez-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2012Articles with unsourced statements from August 2016Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownCS1 Dutch-language sources (nl)Pages using infobox royalty with unknown parametersPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Amharic-language textUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from August 2016Articles with unsourced statements from May 2008Articles with unsourced statements from May 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीمصرىМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 22:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Haile Selassie - Wikipedia






















 






Haile Selassie

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ras Tafari Makonnen)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Ras Tafari" redirects here. For the religious movement that worships Haile Selassie, see Rastafari movement.


Haile Selassie I



Haile Selassie I in c.1971



Emperor of Ethiopia (more…)


Reign
2 April 1930 – 12 September 1974


Coronation
2 November 1930


Predecessor
Zewditu


Successor
Asfaw Wossen (Amha Selassie)
as "King of Ethiopia"
(Did not recognise designation as such)


Prime Ministers


See list

Himself
Wolde Tzaddick
Makonnen Endelkachew
Abebe Aregay
Imru Haile Selassie
Aklilu Habte-Wold
Endelkachew Makonnen
Mikael Imru





Regent Plenipotentiary of Ethiopia


Reign
27 September 1916 – 2 April 1930


Predecessor
Ras Bitwoded Tessema Nadew
(Under Iyasu V)


Monarch
Zewditu







Born
Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael
(1892-07-23)23 July 1892
Ejersa Goro, Ethiopian Empire


Died
27 August 1975(1975-08-27) (aged 83)
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Burial
5 November 2000
Holy Trinity Cathedral, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia


Spouse
Menen Asfaw


Issue
Princess Romanework
Princess Tenagnework
Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
Princess Zenebework
Princess Tsehai
Prince Makonnen
Prince Sahle Selassie


Dynasty
Solomonic (Sahle Selassie branch)


Father
Ras Makonnen Woldemikael


Mother
Yeshimebet Ali


Religion
Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo




Styles of
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Reference style
Amharic: ግርማዊ? girmāwī
His Imperial Majesty


Spoken style
Amharic: ጃንሆይ? djānhoi
Your Imperial Majesty
(lit. "O [esteemed] royal")


Alternative style
Amharic: ጌቶቹ? getochu
Our Lord (familiar)
(lit. "Our master" (pl.))





This article contains Ethiopic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols instead of Ethiopic characters.


Haile Selassie I (Ge'ez: ቀዳማዊ ኃይለ ሥላሴ?, qädamawi haylä səllasé[nb 1]; Amharic pronunciation: [ˈhaɪlɜ sɨˈlːase] ( listen);[nb 2] 23 July 1892 – 27 August 1975), born Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael,[4] was Ethiopia's regent from 1916 to 1930 and emperor from 1930 to 1974. He also served as Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity from 25 May 1963 to 17 July 1964 and 5 November 1966 to 11 September 1967. He was a member of the Solomonic Dynasty.
At the League of Nations in 1936, the emperor condemned the use of chemical weapons by Italy against his people during the Second Italo–Ethiopian War.[5] His internationalist views led to Ethiopia becoming a charter member of the League of Nations, and his political thought and experience in promoting multilateralism and collective security have proved seminal and enduring.[6] His suppression of rebellions among the landed aristocracy (the mesafint), which consistently opposed his reforms, as well as what some critics perceived to be Ethiopia's failure to modernize rapidly enough,[7] earned him criticism among some contemporaries and historians.[8] His regime was also criticized by human rights groups, such as Human Rights Watch, as autocratic and illiberal.[8][9]
Among the Rastafari movement, whose followers are estimated at between two and four million, Haile Selassie is revered as the returned messiah of the Bible, God incarnate.[10][11] Beginning in Jamaica in the 1930s, the Rastafari movement perceives Haile Selassie as a messianic figure who will lead a future golden age of eternal peace, righteousness, and prosperity.[12] Haile Selassie was an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian throughout his life. He is a defining figure in Ethiopian history.[13][14]
Haile Selassie died on 27 August 1975 at the age of 83, following a coup d'état.[15]



Contents


1 Name
2 Biography

2.1 Early life
2.2 Governorship
2.3 Regency

2.3.1 Travel abroad


2.4 King and emperor
2.5 Conflict with Italy

2.5.1 Mobilization
2.5.2 Progress of the war
2.5.3 Exile debate
2.5.4 Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936
2.5.5 Exile


2.6 1940s and 1950s
2.7 Charitable gesture
2.8 1960s
2.9 1970s

2.9.1 Wollo famine
2.9.2 Revolution
2.9.3 Imprisonment
2.9.4 Death and interment




3 Descendants
4 Rastafari messiah

4.1 Question of his divinity


5 Biographical film
6 Quotations
7 Title as emperor
8 Honours

8.1 National orders
8.2 Foreign orders


9 Ancestry
10 Military ranks
11 Popular culture
12 See also
13 Notes

13.1 Footnotes
13.2 Citations


14 Bibliography
15 Further reading
16 External links



Name[edit]




Lij Teferi Makonnen at age 3


Haile Selassie was known as a child as Lij Tafari Makonnen (Amharic ልጅ ተፈሪ መኮንን; lij teferī mekōnnin). Lij is translated as "child", and serves to indicate that a youth is of noble blood. His given name, Tafari, means "one who is respected or feared". Like most Ethiopians, his personal name Tafari is followed by that of his father Makonnen and rarely that of his grandfather Woldemikael. His Ge'ez name Haile Selassie was given to him at his infant baptism and adopted again as part of his regnal name in 1930.
As Governor of Harer, he became known as Ras Teferi Makonnen  listen (help·info). Ras is translated as "head"[16] and is a rank of nobility equivalent to Duke;[17] though it is often rendered in translation as "prince". In 1916, Empress Zewditu I appointed him to the position of Balemulu Silt'an Enderase (Regent Plenipotentiary). In 1928, she granted him the throne of Shoa, elevating his title to Negus or "King".[18]
On 2 November 1930, after the death of Empress Zewditu, Ras Tafari was crowned Negusa Nagast, literally King of Kings, rendered in English as "Emperor".[19] Upon his ascension, he took as his regnal name Haile Selassie I. Haile means in Ge'ez "Power of" and Selassie means trinity—therefore Haile Selassie roughly translates to "Power of the Trinity".[20] Haile Selassie's full title in office was "By the Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I, King of Kings of Ethiopia, Elect of God".[21][nb 3] This title reflects Ethiopian dynastic traditions, which hold that all monarchs must trace their lineage to Menelik I, who was the offspring of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba.[22]
To Ethiopians, Haile Selassie has been known by many names, including Janhoy, Talaqu Meri, and Abba Tekel.[23] The Rastafari movement employs many of these appellations, also referring to him as Jah, Jah Jah, Jah Rastafari, and HIM (the abbreviation of "His Imperial Majesty").[23]
Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]




Ras Makonnen Woldemikael and his son Lij Tafari Makonnen


Haile Selassie's royal line (through his father's mother) originated from the Amhara people,[24] He was born on 23 July 1892, in the village of Ejersa Goro, in the Harar province of Ethiopia. His mother was Woizero ("Lady") Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar, daughter of the renowned Oromo ruler of Wollo province Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar.[25] His maternal grandmother was of Gurage heritage.[26] Tafari's father was Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa, the governor of Harar. Ras Makonnen served as a general in the First Italo–Ethiopian War, playing a key role at the Battle of Adwa;[25] he too was paternally Oromo but maternally Amhara.[26] Haile Selassie was thus able to ascend to the imperial throne through his paternal grandmother, Woizero Tenagnework Sahle Selassie, who was an aunt of Emperor Menelik II and daughter of Negus Sahle Selassie of Shewa. As such, Haile Selassie claimed direct descent from Makeda, the Queen of Sheba, and King Solomon of ancient Israel.[27]
Ras Makonnen arranged for Tafari as well as his first cousin, Imru Haile Selassie, to receive instruction in Harar from Abba Samuel Wolde Kahin, an Ethiopian capuchin monk, and from Dr. Vitalien, a surgeon from Guadeloupe. Tafari was named Dejazmach (literally "commander of the gate", roughly equivalent to "count")[28] at the age of 13, on 1 November 1905.[29] Shortly thereafter, his father Ras Makonnen died at Kulibi, in 1906.[30]
Governorship[edit]




Dejazmatch Tafari, as governor of Harar


Tafari assumed the titular governorship of Selale in 1906, a realm of marginal importance,[31] but one that enabled him to continue his studies.[29] In 1907, he was appointed governor over part of the province of Sidamo. It is alleged that during his late teens, Haile Selassie was married to Woizero Altayech, and that from this union, his daughter Princess Romanework was born.[32]
Following the death of his brother Yelma in 1907, the governorate of Harar was left vacant,[31] and its administration was left to Menelik's loyal general, Dejazmach Balcha Safo. Balcha Safo's administration of Harar was ineffective, and so during the last illness of Menelik II, and the brief reign of Empress Taitu Bitul, Tafari was made governor of Harar in 1910[30] or 1911.[33]
On 3 August, he married Menen Asfaw of Ambassel, niece of heir to the throne Lij Iyasu.
Regency[edit]
The extent to which Tafari Makonnen contributed to the movement that would come to depose Iyasu V has been discussed extensively, particularly in Haile Selassie's own detailed account of the matter. Iyasu V, or Lij Iyasu, was the designated but uncrowned emperor of Ethiopia from 1913 to 1916. Iyasu's reputation for scandalous behavior and a disrespectful attitude towards the nobles at the court of his grandfather, Menelik II,[34] damaged his reputation. Iyasu's flirtation with Islam was considered treasonous among the Ethiopian Orthodox Christian leadership of the empire. On 27 September 1916, Iyasu was deposed.[35]
Contributing to the movement that deposed Iyasu were conservatives such as Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis, Menelik II's longtime Minister of War. The movement to depose Iyasu preferred Tafari, as he attracted support from both progressive and conservative factions. Ultimately, Iyasu was deposed on the grounds of conversion to Islam.[16][35] In his place, the daughter of Menelik II (the aunt of Iyasu) was named Empress Zewditu, while Tafari was elevated to the rank of Ras and was made heir apparent and Crown Prince. In the power arrangement that followed, Tafari accepted the role of Regent Plenipotentiary (Balemulu 'Inderase)[nb 4] and became the de facto ruler of the Ethiopian Empire (Mangista Ityop'p'ya). Zewditu would govern while Tafari would administer.[36]




Empress Zewditu with one of her trusted priests


While Iyasu had been deposed on 27 September 1916, on 8 October he managed to escape into the Ogaden Desert and his father, Negus Mikael of Wollo, had time to come to his aid.[37] On 27 October, Negus Mikael and his army met an army under Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis loyal to Zewditu and Tafari. During the Battle of Segale, Negus Mikael was defeated and captured. Any chance that Iyasu would regain the throne was ended and he went into hiding. On 11 January 1921, after avoiding capture for about five years, Iyasu was taken into custody by Gugsa Araya Selassie.
On 11 February 1917, the coronation for Zewditu took place. She pledged to rule justly through her Regent, Tafari. While Tafari was the more visible of the two, Zewditu was far from an honorary ruler. Her position required that she arbitrate the claims of competing factions. In other words, she had the last word. Tafari carried the burden of daily administration but, because his position was relatively weak, this was often an exercise in futility for him. Initially his personal army was poorly equipped, his finances were limited, and he had little leverage to withstand the combined influence of the Empress, the Minister of War, or the provincial governors.[37]
During his Regency, the new Crown Prince developed the policy of cautious modernization initiated by Menelik II. Also, during this time, he survived the 1918 flu pandemic, having come down with the illness.[38] He secured Ethiopia's admission to the League of Nations in 1923 by promising to eradicate slavery; each emperor since Tewodros II had issued proclamations to halt slavery,[39] but without effect: the internationally scorned practice persisted well into Haile Selassie's reign with an estimated 2 million slaves in Ethiopia in the early 1930s.[40][41]
Travel abroad[edit]
In 1924, Ras Tafari toured Europe and the Middle East visiting Jerusalem, Alexandria, Paris, Brussels, Amsterdam, Stockholm, London, Geneva, and Athens. With him on his tour was a group that included Ras Seyum Mangasha of western Tigray Province; Ras Hailu Tekle Haymanot of Gojjam province; Ras Mulugeta Yeggazu of Illubabor Province; Ras Makonnen Endelkachew; and Blattengeta Heruy Welde Sellase. The primary goal of the trip to Europe was for Ethiopia to gain access to the sea. In Paris, Tafari was to find out from the French Foreign Ministry (Quai d'Orsay) that this goal would not be realized.[42] However, failing this, he and his retinue inspected schools, hospitals, factories, and churches. Although patterning many reforms after European models, Tafari remained wary of European pressure. To guard against economic imperialism, Tafari required that all enterprises have at least partial local ownership.[43] Of his modernization campaign, he remarked, "We need European progress only because we are surrounded by it. That is at once a benefit and a misfortune."[44]
Throughout Ras Tafari's travels in Europe, the Levant, and Egypt, he and his entourage were greeted with enthusiasm and fascination. He was accompanied by Seyum Mangasha and Hailu Tekle Haymanot who, like Tafari, were sons of generals who contributed to the victorious war against Italy a quarter century earlier at the Battle of Adwa.[45] Another member of his entourage, Mulugeta Yeggazu, actually fought at Adwa as a young man. The "Oriental Dignity" of the Ethiopians[46] and their "rich, picturesque court dress"[47] were sensationalized in the media; among his entourage he even included a pride of lions, which he distributed as gifts to President Alexandre Millerand and Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré of France, to King George V of the United Kingdom, and to the Zoological Garden (Jardin Zoologique) of Paris.[45] As one historian noted, "Rarely can a tour have inspired so many anecdotes".[45] In return for two lions, the United Kingdom presented Ras Tafari with the imperial crown of Emperor Tewodros II for its safe return to Empress Zewditu. The crown had been taken by Robert Napier during the 1868 Expedition to Abyssinia.[48]
In this period, the Crown Prince visited the Armenian monastery of Jerusalem. There, he adopted 40 Armenian orphans (አርባ ልጆች Arba Lijoch, "forty children"), who had lost their parents in Ottoman massacres. Ras Tafari arranged for the musical education of the youths, and they came to form the imperial brass band.[49]
King and emperor[edit]
See also: Modernisation of Ethiopia under Haile Selassie I
In 1928, the authority of Ras Tafari Makonnen was challenged when Dejazmatch Balcha Safo went to Addis Ababa with a sizeable armed force. When Tafari consolidated his hold over the provinces, many of Menelik's appointees refused to abide by the new regulations. Balcha Safo, the governor (Shum) of coffee-rich Sidamo Province, was particularly troublesome. The revenues he remitted to the central government did not reflect the accrued profits and Tafari recalled him to Addis Ababa. The old man came in high dudgeon and, insultingly, with a large army.[nb 5] The Dejazmatch paid homage to Empress Zewditu, but snubbed Ras Tafari.[50][51] On 18 February, while Balcha Safo and his personal bodyguard[nb 6] were in Addis Ababa, Ras Tafari had Ras Kassa Haile Darge buy off his army and arranged to have him displaced as the Shum of Sidamo Province[52] by Birru Wolde Gabriel who himself was replaced by Desta Damtew.[37]




Cover of Time magazine, 3 November 1930


Even so, the gesture of Balcha Safo empowered Empress Zewditu politically and she attempted to have Tafari tried for treason. He was tried for his benevolent dealings with Italy including a 20-year peace accord which was signed on 2 August.[29] In September, a group of palace reactionaries including some courtiers of the empress, made a final bid to get rid of Tafari. The attempted coup d'état was tragic in its origins and comic in its end. When confronted by Tafari and a company of his troops, the ringleaders of the coup took refuge on the palace grounds in Menelik's mausoleum. Tafari and his men surrounded them only to be surrounded themselves by the personal guard of Zewditu. More of Tafari's khaki clad soldiers arrived and, with superiority of arms, decided the outcome in his favor.[53] Popular support, as well as the support of the police,[50] remained with Tafari. Ultimately, the Empress relented and, on 7 October 1928, she crowned Tafari as Negus (Amharic: "King").
The crowning of Tafari as King was controversial. He occupied the same territory as the empress rather than going off to a regional kingdom of the empire. Two monarchs, even with one being the vassal and the other the emperor (in this case empress), had never occupied the same location as their seat in Ethiopian history. Conservatives agitated to redress this perceived insult to the dignity of the crown, leading to the rebellion of Ras Gugsa Welle. Gugsa Welle was the husband of the empress and the Shum of Begemder Province. In early 1930, he raised an army and marched it from his governorate at Gondar towards Addis Ababa. On 31 March 1930, Gugsa Welle was met by forces loyal to Negus Tafari and was defeated at the Battle of Anchem. Gugsa Welle was killed in action.[54] News of Gugsa Welle's defeat and death had hardly spread through Addis Ababa when the empress died suddenly on 2 April 1930. Although it was long rumored that the empress was poisoned upon the defeat of her husband,[55] or alternately that she died from shock upon hearing of the death of her estranged yet beloved husband,[56] it has since been documented that the Empress succumbed to a flu-like fever and complications from diabetes.[57]
With the passing of Zewditu, Tafari himself rose to emperor and was proclaimed Neguse Negest ze-'Ityopp'ya, "King of Kings of Ethiopia". He was crowned on 2 November 1930, at Addis Ababa's Cathedral of St. George. The coronation was by all accounts "a most splendid affair",[58] and it was attended by royals and dignitaries from all over the world. Among those in attendance were George V's son the Duke of Gloucester, Marshal Franchet d'Esperey of France, and the Prince of Udine representing the King of Italy. Emissaries from the United States,[59] Egypt, Turkey, Sweden, Belgium, and Japan were also present.[58] British author Evelyn Waugh was also present, penning a contemporary report on the event, and American travel lecturer Burton Holmes shot the only known film footage of the event.[60] One newspaper report suggested that the celebration may have incurred a cost in excess of $3,000,000.[61] Many of those in attendance received lavish gifts;[62] in one instance, the Christian emperor even sent a gold-encased Bible to an American bishop who had not attended the coronation, but who had dedicated a prayer to the emperor on the day of the coronation.[63]
Haile Selassie introduced Ethiopia's first written constitution on 16 July 1931,[64] providing for a bicameral legislature.[65] The constitution kept power in the hands of the nobility, but it did establish democratic standards among the nobility, envisaging a transition to democratic rule: it would prevail "until the people are in a position to elect themselves."[66] The constitution limited the succession to the throne to the descendants of Haile Selassie, a point that met with the disapprobation of other dynastic princes, including the princes of Tigrai and even the emperor's loyal cousin, Ras Kassa Haile Darge.
In 1932, the Sultanate of Jimma was formally absorbed into Ethiopia following the death of Sultan Abba Jifar II of Jimma.
Conflict with Italy[edit]
See also: Abyssinia Crisis and Second Italo-Abyssinian War
Ethiopia became the target of renewed Italian imperialist designs in the 1930s. Benito Mussolini's Fascist regime was keen to avenge the military defeats Italy had suffered to Ethiopia in the First Italo-Abyssinian War, and to efface the failed attempt by "liberal" Italy to conquer the country, as epitomised by the defeat at Adwa.[67][68][69] A conquest of Ethiopia could also empower the cause of fascism and embolden its rhetoric of empire.[69] Ethiopia would also provide a bridge between Italy's Eritrean and Italian Somaliland possessions. Ethiopia's position in the League of Nations did not dissuade the Italians from invading in 1935; the "collective security" envisaged by the League proved useless, and a scandal erupted when the Hoare-Laval Pact revealed that Ethiopia's League allies were scheming to appease Italy.[70]
Mobilization[edit]
Following the 5 December 1934 Italian invasion of Ethiopia at Walwal, Ogeden Province, Haile Selassie joined his northern armies and set up headquarters at Desse in Wollo province. He issued his mobilization order on 3 October 1935:

If you withhold from your country Ethiopia the death from cough or head-cold of which you would otherwise die, refusing to resist (in your district, in your patrimony, and in your home) our enemy who is coming from a distant country to attack us, and if you persist in not shedding your blood, you will be rebuked for it by your Creator and will be cursed by your offspring. Hence, without cooling your heart of accustomed valour, there emerges your decision to fight fiercely, mindful of your history that will last far into the future… If on your march you touch any property inside houses or cattle and crops outside, not even grass, straw, and dung excluded, it is like killing your brother who is dying with you… You, countryman, living at the various access routes, set up a market for the army at the places where it is camping and on the day your district-governor will indicate to you, lest the soldiers campaigning for Ethiopia's liberty should experience difficulty. You will not be charged excise duty, until the end of the campaign, for anything you are marketing at the military camps: I have granted you remission… After you have been ordered to go to war, but are then idly missing from the campaign, and when you are seized by the local chief or by an accuser, you will have punishment inflicted upon your inherited land, your property, and your body; to the accuser I shall grant a third of your property…

On 19 October 1935, Haile Selassie gave more precise orders for his army to his Commander-in-Chief, Ras Kassa:


When you set up tents, it is to be in caves and by trees and in a wood, if the place happens to be adjoining to these―and separated in the various platoons. Tents are to be set up at a distance of 30 cubits from each other.
When an aeroplane is sighted, one should leave large open roads and wide meadows and march in valleys and trenches and by zigzag routes, along places which have trees and woods.
When an aeroplane comes to drop bombs, it will not suit it to do so unless it comes down to about 100 metres; hence when it flies low for such action, one should fire a volley with a good and very long gun and then quickly disperse. When three or four bullets have hit it, the aeroplane is bound to fall down. But let only those fire who have been ordered to shoot with a weapon that has been selected for such firing, for if everyone shoots who possesses a gun, there is no advantage in this except to waste bullets and to disclose the men's whereabouts.
Lest the aeroplane, when rising again, should detect the whereabouts of those who are dispersed, it is well to remain cautiously scattered as long as it is still fairly close. In time of war it suits the enemy to aim his guns at adorned shields, ornaments, silver and gold cloaks, silk shirts and all similar things. Whether one possesses a jacket or not, it is best to wear a narrow-sleeved shirt with faded colours. When we return, with God's help, you can wear your gold and silver decorations then. Now it is time to go and fight. We offer you all these words of advice in the hope that no great harm should befall you through lack of caution. At the same time, We are glad to assure you that in time of war We are ready to shed Our blood in your midst for the sake of Ethiopia's freedom…"[71]


Compared to the Ethiopians, the Italians had an advanced, modern military which included a large air force. The Italians would also come to employ chemical weapons extensively throughout the conflict, even targeting Red Cross field hospitals in violation of the Geneva Conventions.[72]
Progress of the war[edit]
Starting in early October 1935, the Italians invaded Ethiopia. But, by November, the pace of invasion had slowed appreciably and Haile Selassie's northern armies were able to launch what was known as the "Christmas Offensive". During this offensive, the Italians were forced back in places and put on the defensive. In early 1936, the First Battle of Tembien stopped the progress of the Ethiopian offensive and the Italians were ready to continue their offensive. Following the defeat and destruction of the northern Ethiopian armies at the Battle of Amba Aradam, the Second Battle of Tembien, and the Battle of Shire, Haile Selassie took the field with the last Ethiopian army on the northern front. On 31 March 1936, he launched a counterattack against the Italians himself at the Battle of Maychew in southern Tigray. The emperor's army was defeated and retreated in disarray. As Haile Selassie's army withdrew, the Italians attacked from the air along with rebellious Raya and Azebo tribesmen on the ground, who were armed and paid by the Italians.[73]




When the struggle to resist Italy appeared doomed, Haile Selassie traveled to the rock-hewn churches of Lalibela for fasting and prayer.[74]


Haile Selassie made a solitary pilgrimage to the churches at Lalibela, at considerable risk of capture, before returning to his capital.[75] After a stormy session of the council of state, it was agreed that because Addis Ababa could not be defended, the government would relocate to the southern town of Gore, and that in the interest of preserving the Imperial house, the emperor's wife Menen Asfaw and the rest of the imperial family should immediately depart for French Somaliland, and from there continue on to Jerusalem.
Exile debate[edit]




The emperor arrives in Jerusalem. May 1936


After further debate as to whether Haile Selassie should go to Gore or accompany his family into exile, it was agreed that he should leave Ethiopia with his family and present the case of Ethiopia to the League of Nations at Geneva. The decision was not unanimous and several participants, including the nobleman Blatta Tekle Wolde Hawariat, strenuously objected to the idea of an Ethiopian monarch fleeing before an invading force.[76] Haile Selassie appointed his cousin Ras Imru Haile Selassie as Prince Regent in his absence, departing with his family for French Somaliland on 2 May 1936.
On 5 May, Marshal Pietro Badoglio led Italian troops into Addis Ababa, and Mussolini declared Ethiopia an Italian province. Victor Emanuel III was proclaimed as the new Emperor of Ethiopia. On the previous day, the Ethiopian exiles had left French Somaliland aboard the British cruiser HMS Enterprise. They were bound for Jerusalem in the British Mandate of Palestine, where the Ethiopian royal family maintained a residence. The Imperial family disembarked at Haifa and then went on to Jerusalem. Once there, Haile Selassie and his retinue prepared to make their case at Geneva. The choice of Jerusalem was highly symbolic, since the Solomonic Dynasty claimed descent from the House of David. Leaving the Holy Land, Haile Selassie and his entourage sailed aboard the British cruiser HMS Capetown for Gibraltar, where he stayed at the Rock Hotel. From Gibraltar, the exiles were transferred to an ordinary liner. By doing this, the government of the United Kingdom was spared the expense of a state reception.[77]
Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936[edit]
Mussolini, upon invading Ethiopia, had promptly declared his own "Italian Empire"; because the League of Nations afforded Haile Selassie the opportunity to address the assembly, Italy even withdrew its League delegation, on 12 May 1936.[78] It was in this context that Haile Selassie walked into the hall of the League of Nations, introduced by the President of the Assembly as "His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of Ethiopia" (Sa Majesté Imperiale, l'Empereur d'Ethiopie). The introduction caused a great many Italian journalists in the galleries to erupt into jeering, heckling, and whistling. As it turned out, they had earlier been issued whistles by Mussolini's son-in-law, Count Galeazzo Ciano.[79] The Romanian delegate, Nicolae Titulescu, famously jumped to his feet in response and cried "Show the savages the door!", and they were cleared out. Haile Selassie waited calmly for the hall to be cleared, and responded "majestically"[80] with a speech sometimes considered[by whom?] among the most stirring of the 20th century.[5]
Although fluent in French, the working language of the League, Haile Selassie chose to deliver his historic speech in his native Amharic. He asserted that, because his "confidence in the League was absolute", his people were now being slaughtered. He pointed out that the same European states that found in Ethiopia's favor at the League of Nations were refusing Ethiopia credit and matériel while aiding Italy, which was employing chemical weapons on military and civilian targets alike.

It was at the time when the operations for the encircling of Makale were taking place that the Italian command, fearing a rout, followed the procedure which it is now my duty to denounce to the world. Special sprayers were installed on board aircraft so that they could vaporize, over vast areas of territory, a fine, death-dealing rain. Groups of nine, fifteen, eighteen aircraft followed one another so that the fog issuing from them formed a continuous sheet. It was thus that, as from the end of January 1936, soldiers, women, children, cattle, rivers, lakes, and pastures were drenched continually with this deadly rain. In order to kill off systematically all living creatures, in order to more surely poison waters and pastures, the Italian command made its aircraft pass over and over again. That was its chief method of warfare.[81]

Noting that his own "small people of 12 million inhabitants, without arms, without resources" could never withstand an attack by a large power such as Italy, with its 42 million people and "unlimited quantities of the most death-dealing weapons", he contended that all small states were threatened by the aggression, and that all small states were in effect reduced to vassal states in the absence of collective action. He admonished the League that "God and history will remember your judgment."[82]

It is collective security: it is the very existence of the League of Nations. It is the confidence that each State is to place in international treaties… In a word, it is international morality that is at stake. Have the signatures appended to a Treaty value only in so far as the signatory Powers have a personal, direct and immediate interest involved?

The speech made the emperor an icon for anti-fascists around the world, and Time named him "Man of the Year".[83] He failed, however, to get what he most needed: the League agreed to only partial and ineffective sanctions on Italy. Only six nations in 1937 did not recognize Italy's occupation; they were China, New Zealand, the Soviet Union, the Republic of Spain, Mexico and the United States.[68]
Exile[edit]




Haile Selassie in 1942


Haile Selassie spent his exile years (1936–41) in Bath, England, in Fairfield House, which he bought. The emperor and Kassa Haile Darge took morning walks together behind the high walls of the 14-room Georgian house. Haile Selassie's favorite reading was "diplomatic history." But most of his serious hours were occupied with the 90,000-word story of his life that he was laboriously writing in Amharic.[84]
Prior to Fairfield House, he briefly stayed at Warne's Hotel in Worthing[85] and in Parkside, Wimbledon.[86] A bust of Haile Selassie is in nearby Cannizaro Park to commemorate this time and is a popular place of pilgrimage for London's Rastafari community. Haile Selassie stayed at the Abbey Hotel in Malvern in the 1930s and his granddaughters and daughters of court officials were educated at Clarendon School in North Malvern. During his time in Malvern he attended services at Holy Trinity Church, in Link Top. A blue plaque, commemorating his stay in Malvern, was unveiled on Saturday, 25 June 2011. As part of the ceremony, a delegation from the Rastafari movement gave a short address and a drum recital.[87][88][89][90][91]
Haile Selassie's activity in this period was focused on countering Italian propaganda as to the state of Ethiopian resistance and the legality of the occupation.[92] He spoke out against the desecration of houses of worship and historical artifacts (including the theft of a 1,600-year-old imperial obelisk), and condemned the atrocities suffered by the Ethiopian civilian population.[93] He continued to plead for League intervention and to voice his certainty that "God's judgment will eventually visit the weak and the mighty alike",[94] though his attempts to gain support for the struggle against Italy were largely unsuccessful until Italy entered World War II on the German side in June 1940.[95]
The emperor's pleas for international support did take root in the United States, particularly among African-American organizations sympathetic to the Ethiopian cause.[96] In 1937, Haile Selassie was to give a Christmas Day radio address to the American people to thank his supporters when his taxi was involved in a traffic accident, leaving him with a fractured knee.[97] Rather than canceling the radio appearance, he proceeded in much pain to complete the address, in which he linked Christianity and goodwill with the Covenant of the League of Nations, and asserted that "War is not the only means to stop war":[97]

With the birth of the Son of God, an unprecedented, an unrepeatable, and a long-anticipated phenomenon occurred. He was born in a stable instead of a palace, in a manger instead of a crib. The hearts of the Wise men were struck by fear and wonder due to His Majestic Humbleness. The kings prostrated themselves before Him and worshipped Him. 'Peace be to those who have good will'. This became the first message.
...Although the toils of wise people may earn them respect, it is a fact of life that the spirit of the wicked continues to cast its shadow on this world. The arrogant are seen visibly leading their people into crime and destruction. The laws of the League of Nations are constantly violated and wars and acts of aggression repeatedly take place… So that the spirit of the cursed will not gain predominance over the human race whom Christ redeemed with his blood, all peace-loving people should cooperate to stand firm in order to preserve and promote lawfulness and peace.[97]

During this period, Haile Selassie suffered several personal tragedies. His two sons-in-law, Ras Desta Damtew and Dejazmach Beyene Merid, were both executed by the Italians.[94] The emperor's daughter, Princess Romanework, wife of Dejazmach Beyene Merid, was herself taken into captivity with her children, and she died in Italy in 1941.[98] His daughter Tsehai died during childbirth shortly after the restoration in 1942.[99]
After his return to Ethiopia, he donated Fairfield House to the city of Bath as a residence for the aged, until modified in the 1990s where it is now used as a day care centre.[100] Advanced negotiations are progressing for a community group to run the House to preserve and develop the House.
1940s and 1950s[edit]




Newspaper illustration drawn by Charles H. Alston for the U.S. Office of War Information Domestic Operations Branch News Bureau, 1943






Meeting with Crown Prince Akihito in 1955






Plaque commemorating the visit of Haile Selassie I to Mexico, 1954 - Etiopía Station, line 3 of the Mexico City Metro


British forces, which consisted primarily of Ethiopian-backed African and South African colonial troops under the "Gideon Force" of Colonel Orde Wingate, coordinated the military effort to liberate Ethiopia. The emperor himself issued several imperial proclamations in this period, demonstrating that, while authority was not divided up in any formal way, British military might and the emperor's populist appeal could be joined in the concerted effort to liberate Ethiopia.[95]
On 18 January 1941, during the East African Campaign, Haile Selassie crossed the border between Sudan and Ethiopia near the village of Um Iddla. The standard of the Lion of Judah was raised again. Two days later, he and a force of Ethiopian patriots joined Gideon Force which was already in Ethiopia and preparing the way.[101] Italy was defeated by a force of the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth of Nations, Free France, Free Belgium, and Ethiopian patriots. On 5 May 1941, Haile Selassie entered Addis Ababa and personally addressed the Ethiopian people, five years to the day since his 1936 exile:

Today is the day on which we defeated our enemy. Therefore, when we say let us rejoice with our hearts, let not our rejoicing be in any other way but in the spirit of Christ. Do not return evil for evil. Do not indulge in the atrocities which the enemy has been practicing in his usual way, even to the last.
Take care not to spoil the good name of Ethiopia by acts which are worthy of the enemy. We shall see that our enemies are disarmed and sent out the same way they came. As Saint George who killed the dragon is the Patron Saint of our army as well as of our allies, let us unite with our allies in everlasting friendship and amity in order to be able to stand against the godless and cruel dragon which has newly risen and which is oppressing mankind.[102]

On 27 August 1942, Haile Selassie abolished the legal basis of slavery throughout the empire and imposed severe penalties, including death, for slave trading.[103] After World War II, Ethiopia became a charter member of the United Nations. In 1948, the Ogaden, a region disputed with Somalia, was granted to Ethiopia.[104] On 2 December 1950, the UN General Assembly adopted Resolution 390 (V), establishing the federation of Eritrea (the former Italian colony) into Ethiopia.[105] Eritrea was to have its own constitution, which would provide for ethnic, linguistic, and cultural balance, while Ethiopia was to manage its finances, defense, and foreign policy.[105]
Despite his centralization policies that had been made before World War II, Haile Selassie still found himself unable to push for all the programs he wanted. In 1942, he attempted to institute a progressive tax scheme, but this failed due to opposition from the nobility, and only a flat tax was passed; in 1951, he agreed to reduce this as well.[106] Ethiopia was still "semi-feudal",[107] and the emperor's attempts to alter its social and economic form by reforming its modes of taxation met with resistance from the nobility and clergy, which were eager to resume their privileges in the postwar era.[106] Where Haile Selassie actually did succeed in effecting new land taxes, the burdens were often passed by the landowners to the peasants.[106] Despite his wishes, the tax burden remained primarily on the peasants.
Between 1941 and 1959, Haile Selassie worked to establish the autocephaly of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.[108] The Ethiopian Orthodox Church had been headed by the abuna, a bishop who answered to the Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. In 1942 and 1945 Haile Selassie applied to the Holy Synod of the Coptic Orthodox Church to establish the independence of Ethiopian bishops, and when his appeals were denied he threatened to sever relations with the Coptic Church of Alexandria.[108] Finally, in 1959, Pope Kyrillos VI elevated the Abuna to Patriarch-Catholicos.[108] The Ethiopian Church remained affiliated with the Alexandrian Church.[106] In addition to these efforts, Haile Selassie changed the Ethiopian church-state relationship by introducing taxation of church lands, and by restricting the legal privileges of the clergy, who had formerly been tried in their own courts for civil offenses.[106]
In keeping with the principle of collective security, for which he was an outspoken proponent, he sent a contingent under General Mulugueta Bulli, known as the Kagnew Battalion, to take part in the Korean War by supporting the United Nations Command. It was attached to the American 7th Infantry Division, and fought in a number of engagements including the Battle of Pork Chop Hill.[109] In a 1954 speech, the emperor spoke of Ethiopian participation in the Korean War as a redemption of the principles of collective security:

Nearly two decades ago, I personally assumed before history the responsibility of placing the fate of my beloved people on the issue of collective security, for surely, at that time and for the first time in world history, that issue was posed in all its clarity. My searching of conscience convinced me of the rightness of my course and if, after untold sufferings and, indeed, unaided resistance at the time of aggression, we now see the final vindication of that principle in our joint action in Korea, I can only be thankful that God gave me strength to persist in our faith until the moment of its recent glorious vindication.[110]





Haile Selassie, Emperor of Ethiopia, photographed during a radio broadcast


During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955, Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution,[111] whereby he retained effective power, while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body. Party politics were not provided for. Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire, and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization, tempered by Ethiopian traditions, and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state.
Haile Selassie compromised when practical with the traditionalists in the nobility and church. He also tried to improve relations between the state and ethnic groups, and granted autonomy to Afar lands that were difficult to control. Still, his reforms to end feudalism were slow and weakened by the compromises he made with the entrenched aristocracy. The Revised Constitution of 1955 has been criticized for reasserting "the indisputable power of the monarch" and maintaining the relative powerlessness of the peasants.[112]
Charitable gesture[edit]
He sent aid to the British government in 1947 when Britain was affected by heavy flooding. His letter to Lord Meork, National Distress Fund, London said, "even though We are busy of helping our people who didn't recover from the crises of the war, We heard that your fertile and beautiful country is devastated by the unusually heavy rain, and your request for aid. Therefore, We are sending small amount of money, about one thousand pounds through our embassy to show our sympathy and cooperation."[113]
He also left his home in exile, Fairfield House, Bath, to the City of Bath for the use of the Aged in 1959.
1960s[edit]


Haile Selassie








1st & 5th Chairman of the Organization of African Unity


In office
25 May 1963 – 17 July 1964


Succeeded by
Gamal Abdel Nasser


In office
5 November 1966 – 11 September 1967


Preceded by
Joseph Arthur Ankrah


Succeeded by
Joseph-Désiré Mobutu





Haile Selassie contributed Ethiopian troops to the United Nations Operation in the Congo peacekeeping force during the 1960 Congo Crisis, to preserve Congolese integrity, per United Nations Security Council Resolution 143. On 13 December 1960, while Haile Selassie was on a state visit to Brazil, his Imperial Guard forces staged an unsuccessful coup, briefly proclaiming Haile Selassie's eldest son Asfa Wossen as emperor. The coup d'état was crushed by the regular army and police forces. The coup attempt lacked broad popular support, was denounced by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, and was unpopular with the army, air force and police. Nonetheless, the effort to depose the emperor had support among students and the educated classes.[114] The coup attempt has been characterized as a pivotal moment in Ethiopian history, the point at which Ethiopians "for the first time questioned the power of the king to rule without the people's consent".[115] Student populations began to empathize with the peasantry and poor, and to advocate on their behalf.[115] The coup spurred Haile Selassie to accelerate reform, which was manifested in the form of land grants to military and police officials.
The emperor continued to be a staunch ally of the West, while pursuing a firm policy of decolonization in Africa, which was still largely under European colonial rule. The United Nations conducted a lengthy inquiry regarding the status of Eritrea, with the superpowers each vying for a stake in the state's future. Britain, the administrator at the time, suggested the partition of Eritrea between Sudan and Ethiopia, separating Christians and Muslims. The idea was instantly rejected by Eritrean political parties, as well as the UN.
A UN plebiscite voted 46 to 10 to have Eritrea be federated with Ethiopia, which was later stipulated on 2 December 1950 in resolution 390 (V). Eritrea would have its own parliament and administration and would be represented in what had been the Ethiopian parliament and would become the federal parliament.[116] Haile Selassie would have none of European attempts to draft a separate Constitution under which Eritrea would be governed, and wanted his own 1955 Constitution protecting families to apply in both Ethiopia and Eritrea. In 1961 the 30-year Eritrean Struggle for Independence began, followed by Haile Selassie's dissolution of the federation and shutting down of Eritrea's parliament.
In September 1961, Haile Selassie attended the Conference of Heads of State of Government of Non-Aligned Countries in Belgrade, FPR Yugoslavia. This is considered to be the founding conference of the Non-Aligned Movement.
In 1961, tensions between independence-minded Eritreans and Ethiopian forces culminated in the Eritrean War of Independence. The emperor declared Eritrea the fourteenth province of Ethiopia in 1962.[117] The war would continue for 30 years, as first Haile Selassie, then the Soviet-backed junta that succeeded him, attempted to retain Eritrea by force.
In 1963, Haile Selassie presided over the formation of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU), the precursor of the continent-wide African Union (AU). The new organization would establish its headquarters in Addis Ababa. In May of that year, Haile Selassie was elected as the OAU's first official chairperson, a rotating seat. Along with Modibo Keïta of Mali, the Ethiopian leader would later help successfully negotiate the Bamako Accords, which brought an end to the border conflict between Morocco and Algeria. In 1964, Haile Selassie would initiate the concept of the United States of Africa, a proposition later taken up by Muammar Gaddafi.[118]
On 4 October 1963, Haile Selassie addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations[119][120] referring in his address to his earlier speech to the League of Nations:

Twenty-seven years ago, as Emperor of Ethiopia, I mounted the rostrum in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the League of Nations and to appeal for relief from the destruction which had been unleashed against my defenceless nation, by the fascist invader. I spoke then both to and for the conscience of the world. My words went unheeded, but history testifies to the accuracy of the warning that I gave in 1936. Today, I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor. In this body is enshrined the principle of collective security which I unsuccessfully invoked at Geneva. Here, in this Assembly, reposes the best – perhaps the last – hope for the peaceful survival of mankind.[121]

On 25 November 1963, the emperor was among other heads of state, including France's President Charles de Gaulle, who traveled to Washington D.C. and attended the funeral of assassinated President John F. Kennedy.
In 1966, Haile Selassie attempted to create a modern, progressive tax[citation needed] that included registration of land, which would significantly weaken the nobility. Even with alterations, this law led to a revolt in Gojjam, which was repressed although enforcement of the tax was abandoned. The revolt, having achieved its design in undermining the tax, encouraged other landowners to defy Haile Selassie.




Haile Selassie on a state visit to Washington, 1963


While he had fully approved of, and assured Ethiopia's participation in, UN-approved collective security operations, including Korea and Congo, Haile Selassie drew a distinction with the non-UN approved foreign intervention in Indochina, and consistently deplored it as needless suffering, calling for the Vietnam War to end on several occasions. At the same time he remained open toward the United States and commended it for making progress with African Americans' Civil Rights legislation in the 1950s and 1960s, while visiting the US several times during these years.
In 1967, He visited Montreal, Canada to open the Ethiopian Pavilion at the Expo '67 World's Fair where he received great acclaim amongst other World leaders there for the occasion.
Student unrest became a regular feature of Ethiopian life in the 1960s and 1970s. Marxism took root in large segments of the Ethiopian intelligentsia, particularly among those who had studied abroad and had thus been exposed to radical and left-wing sentiments that were becoming popular in other parts of the globe.[114] Resistance by conservative elements at the Imperial Court and Parliament, and by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, made Haile Selassie's land reform proposals difficult to implement, and also damaged the standing of the government, costing Haile Selassie much of the goodwill he had once enjoyed. This bred resentment among the peasant population. Efforts to weaken unions also hurt his image. As these issues began to pile up, Haile Selassie left much of domestic governance to his Prime Minister, Aklilu Habte Wold, and concentrated more on foreign affairs.
1970s[edit]




Haile Selassie I in Toledo (Spain) in April 1971. Picture by Eduardo Butragueño.


Outside of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie continued to enjoy enormous prestige and respect. As the longest-serving head of state in power, he was often given precedence over other leaders at state events, such as the state funerals of John F. Kennedy and Charles de Gaulle, the summits of the Non-Aligned Movement, and the 1971 celebration of the 2,500 years of the Persian Empire. In 1970 he visited Italy as a guest of President Giuseppe Saragat, and in Milan he met Giordano Dell'Amore, President of Italian Savings Banks Association. He visited China in October 1971, and was the first foreign head of state to meet Mao Zedong following the death of Mao's designated successor Lin Biao in a plane crash in Mongolia.
Human rights in Ethiopia under Selassie's regime were poor. Civil liberties and political rights were low with Freedom House giving Ethiopia a "Not Free" score for both civil liberties and political rights in the last years of Selassie's rule.[122] Common human right abuses included imprisonment and torture of political prisoners and very poor prison conditions.[9] The Ethiopian army also carried out a number of these atrocities while fighting the Eritrean separatists. This was due to a policy of destroying Eritrean villages that supported the rebels. There were a number of mass killings of hundreds of civilians during the war in the late 1960s and early '70s.[123][124][125][126]
Wollo famine[edit]
Famine—mostly in Wollo, north-eastern Ethiopia, as well as in some parts of Tigray—is estimated to have killed 40,000 to 80,000 Ethiopians[8][127] between 1972 and 1974. A BBC News report[128] has cited a 1973 estimate that 200,000 deaths occurred, based on a contemporaneous estimate from the Ethiopian Nutrition Institute. While this figure is still repeated in some texts and media sources, it was an estimate that was later found to be "over-pessimistic".[130] Although the region is infamous for recurrent crop failures and continuous food shortage and starvation risk, this episode was remarkably severe. A 1973 production of the ITV programme The Unknown Famine by Jonathan Dimbleby.[131][132] relied on the unverified estimate of 200,000 dead,[128][133] stimulating a massive influx of aid while at the same time destabilizing Haile Selassie's regime.[127] Against that background, a group of dissident army officers instigated a creeping coup against the emperor's faltering regime. To guard against a public backlash in favour of Haile Selassie (who was still widely revered), they contrived to obtain a copy of The Unknown Famine which they intercut with images of Africa's grand old man presiding at a wedding feast in the grounds of his palace. Retitled The Hidden Hunger, it was shown round the clock on Ethiopian television to coincide with the day that they finally summoned the nerve to seize the emperor himself.[134]




The 1973 oil crisis, the severity of which is demonstrated by this graph, hit Ethiopia amidst a devastating famine, compounding its effect and undermining support for the emperor.[112]


Some reports suggest that the emperor was unaware of the extent of the famine,[128] while others assert that he was well aware of it.[135][136] In addition to the exposure of attempts by corrupt local officials to cover up the famine from the imperial government, the Kremlin's depiction of Haile Selassie's Ethiopia as backwards and inept (relative to the purported utopia of Marxism-Leninism) contributed to the popular uprising that led to its downfall and the rise of Mengistu Haile Mariam.[137] The famine and its image in the media undermined popular support of the government, and Haile Selassie's once unassailable personal popularity fell.[138]
The crisis was exacerbated by military mutinies and high oil prices, the latter a result of the 1973 oil crisis. The international economic crisis triggered by the oil crisis caused the costs of imported goods, gasoline, and food to skyrocket, while unemployment spiked.[112]
Revolution[edit]
In February 1974, four days of serious riots in Addis Ababa against a sudden economic inflation left five dead. The emperor responded by announcing on national television a reduction in petrol prices and a freeze on the cost of basic commodities. This calmed the public, but the promised 33% military wage hike was not substantial enough to pacify the army, which then mutinied, beginning in Asmara and spreading throughout the empire. This mutiny led to the resignation of Prime Minister Aklilu Habte-Wold on 27 February 1974.[139] Haile Selassie again went on television to agree to the army's demands for still greater pay, and named Endelkachew Makonnen as his new Prime Minister. Despite Endalkatchew's many concessions, discontent continued in March with a four-day general strike that paralyzed the nation.
Imprisonment[edit]




The deposition of Emperor Haile Selassie I (above rear window) from the Jubilee Palace on 12 September 1974, marking the coup d'état's action on that day and the assumption of power by the Derg.


The Derg, a committee of low-ranking military officers and enlisted men, set up in June to investigate the military's demands, took advantage of the government's disarray to depose Haile Selassie on 12 September 1974. General Aman Mikael Andom, a Protestant of Eritrean origin,[139] served briefly as provisional head of state pending the return of Crown Prince Asfa Wossen, who was then receiving medical treatment abroad. Haile Selassie was placed under house arrest briefly at the 4th Army Division in Addis Ababa,[139] while most of his family was detained at the late Duke of Harar's residence in the north of the capital. The last months of the emperor's life were spent in imprisonment, in the Grand Palace.[140] Reportedly, his mental condition was such that he believed he was still Emperor of Ethiopia.[141]
Later, most of the imperial family was imprisoned in the Addis Ababa prison Kerchele, also known as "Alem Bekagne", or "I've had Enough of This World". On 23 November 1974, sixty former high officials of the imperial government were executed without trial.[142] The executed included Haile Selassie's grandson and two former Prime Ministers.[140] These killings, known to Ethiopians as "Bloody Saturday", were condemned by Crown Prince Asfa Wossen; the Derg responded to his rebuke by revoking its acknowledgment of his imperial legitimacy, and announcing the end of the Solomonic dynasty.[142]
Death and interment[edit]
On 28 August 1975, the state media reported that the "ex-monarch" Haile Selassie had died on 27 August of "respiratory failure" following complications from a prostate examination followed up by a prostate operation.[143] His doctor, Asrat Woldeyes, denied that complications had occurred and rejected the government version of his death.[citation needed] Some imperial loyalists believed that the emperor had in fact been assassinated, and this belief remains widely held to this day.[144] One western correspondent in Ethiopia at the time commented, "While it is not known what actually happened, there are strong indications that no efforts were made to save him. It is unlikely that he was actually killed. Such rumors were bound to arise no matter what happened, given the atmosphere of suspicion and distrust prevailing in Addis Ababa at the time."[145]
The Soviet-backed Derg fell in 1991. In 1992, the emperor's bones were found under a concrete slab on the palace grounds;[144] some reports suggest that his remains were discovered beneath a latrine.[146] For almost a decade thereafter, as Ethiopian courts attempted to sort out the circumstances of his death, his coffin rested in Bhata Church, near his great-uncle Menelik II's resting place.[147] On 5 November 2000, Haile Selassie was given an imperial-style funeral by the Ethiopian Orthodox church. The post-communist government refused calls to declare the ceremony an official imperial funeral.[147]
Although such prominent Rastafari figures as Rita Marley and others participated in the grand funeral, most Rastafari rejected the event and refused to accept that the bones were the remains of Haile Selassie. There remains some debate within the Rastafari movement whether Haile Selassie actually died in 1975.[148]
Descendants[edit]




Prince Makonnen, son of Haile Selassie I.


By Menen Asfaw, Haile Selassie had six children: Princess Tenagnework, Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen, Princess Tsehai, Princess Zenebework, Prince Makonnen, and Prince Sahle Selassie.
There is some controversy as to the motherhood of Haile Selassie's eldest daughter, Princess Romanework. While the living members of the royal family state that Romanework is the eldest daughter of Empress Menen,[149] it has been asserted that Princess Romanework is actually the daughter of a previous union of the emperor with Woizero Altayech.[150] This may be a nickname she used, as nobleman Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos, a contemporary source prominent in both the Imperial Court and the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church names her as Woizero Woinetu Amede. The emperor's own autobiography makes no mention of this previous marriage or having fathered children with anyone other than Empress Menen, although he mentions the death of this daughter in captivity at Turin. Other sources such as Blata Merse Hazen Wolde Kirkos mentions Princess Romanework's mother Woizero Woinetu Amede as attending the wedding of her daughter to Dejazmatch Beyene Merid in a first hand account in his book about the years before the Italian occupation.
Prince Asfaw Wossen was first married to Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum and then following their divorce to Princess Medferiashwork Abebe. Prince Makonnen was married to Princess Sara Gizaw. Prince Sahle Selassie was married to Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam. Princess Romanework married Dejazmatch Beyene Merid. Princess Tenagnework first married Ras Desta Damtew, and after she was widowed later married Ras Andargachew Messai. Princess Zenebework married Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Gugsa. Princess Tsehai married Lt. General Abiye Abebe.


Name
Birth
Death
Spouse
Children


Princess Romanework
Circa 1909
14 October 1941
Dejazmatch Beyene Merid
Dejazmatch Merid Beyene
Dejazmatch Samson Beyene
Lij Getachew Beyene
Lij Gideon Beyene


Princess Tenagnework
12 January 1912
6 April 2003
1st Ras Desta Damtew
2nd Ras Andargatchew Messai
Princess Aida Desta
Prince Amha Desta
Princess Seble Desta
Rear Admiral Prince Iskinder Desta
Princess Hirut Desta
Princess Sophia Desta
Emebet Tsige Mariam Abebe Retta
Emebet Mentewab Andargatchew(died in childhood)


Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen
27 July 1916
17 February 1997
1st Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum
2nd Princess Medferiashwork Abebe
Princess Ijigayehu
Princess Maryam Senna
Princess Sehin Azebe
Princess Sifrash Bizu
Crown Prince Zera Yacob


Princess Zenebework
25 July 1918
25 March 1933
Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Guglsa



Princess Tsehai
13 October 1919
17 August 1942
Lt. General Abiye Abebe



Prince Makonnen Duke of Harrar
16 October 1923
13 May 1957
Princess Sara Gizaw Duchess of Harrar
Prince Paul Wossen Seged Makonnen Duke of Harrar
Prince Mikael Makonnen
Prince Tefferi Makonnen
Prince Dawit Makonnen (or Makonnen Makonnen)
Prince Beede Mariam Makonnen


Prince Sahle Selassie
27 February 1931
24 April 1962
Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam
Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie


Rastafari messiah[edit]


“
…Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
”


—  Psalms 68:31




Rastafari





Main doctrines







Jah
Ital






Zion
Cannabis use







Central figures







Haile Selassie I
Jesus






Menen Asfaw
Marcus Garvey







Key scriptures







Bible
Kebra Nagast






My Life and Ethiopia's Progress






The Promise Key
Holy Piby




Royal Parchment Scroll
of Black Supremacy





Branches







Mansions
in the U.S.






Bobo Ashanti
Nyabinghi



Twelve Tribes of Israel




Festivals







Shashamane
Grounation Day



Reasoning




Notable individuals




Leonard Howell
Joseph Hibbert
Archibald Dunkley
Mortimer Planno
Vernon Carrington
Charles Edwards
Bob Marley
Peter Tosh




See also







Vocabulary
Persecution






Dreadlocks
Reggae



Roots reggae
Lion of Judah
Ethiopian Christianity
Chalice
Index of Rastafari articles







v
t
e





Today, Haile Selassie is worshipped as God incarnate[151] among followers of the Rastafari movement (taken from Haile Selassie's pre-imperial name Ras—meaning Head, a title equivalent to Duke—Tafari Makonnen), which emerged in Jamaica during the 1930s under the influence of Marcus Garvey's "Pan Africanism" movement. He is viewed as the messiah who will lead the peoples of Africa and the African diaspora to freedom.[152] His official titles are Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah and King of Kings of Ethiopia and Elect of God, and his traditional lineage is thought to be from Solomon and Sheba.[153] These notions are perceived by Rastafari as confirmation of the return of the messiah in the prophetic Book of Revelation in the New Testament: King of Kings, Lord of Lords, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, and Root of David. Rastafari faith in the incarnate divinity of Haile Selassie[154] began after news reports of his coronation reached Jamaica,[155] particularly via the two Time magazine articles on the coronation the week before and the week after the event. Haile Selassie's own perspectives permeate the philosophy of the movement.[155][156]
In 1961, the Jamaican government sent a delegation composed of both Rastafari and non-Rastafari leaders to Ethiopia to discuss the matter of repatriation, among other issues, with the emperor. He reportedly told the Rastafari delegation (which included Mortimer Planno), "Tell the Brethren to be not dismayed, I personally will give my assistance in the matter of repatriation."[157]
Haile Selassie visited Jamaica on 21 April 1966, and approximately one hundred thousand Rastafari from all over Jamaica descended on Palisadoes Airport in Kingston,[155] having heard that the man whom they considered to be their messiah was coming to visit them. Spliffs[158] and chalices[159] were openly[160] smoked, causing "a haze of ganja smoke" to drift through the air.[161][162][163] Haile Selassie arrived at the airport but was unable to come down the mobile steps of the airplane, as the crowd rushed the tarmac. He then returned into the plane, disappearing for several more minutes. Finally, Jamaican authorities were obliged to request Ras Mortimer Planno, a well-known Rasta leader, to climb the steps, enter the plane, and negotiate the emperor's descent.[164] Planno re-emerged and announced to the crowd: "The Emperor has instructed me to tell you to be calm. Step back and let the Emperor land".[165] This day is widely held by scholars to be a major turning point for the movement,[166][167][168] and it is still commemorated by Rastafari as Grounation Day, the anniversary of which is celebrated as the second holiest holiday after 2 November, the emperor's Coronation Day.
From then on, as a result of Planno's actions, the Jamaican authorities were asked to ensure that Rastafari representatives were present at all state functions attended by the emperor,[167][168] and Rastafari elders also ensured that they obtained a private audience with the emperor,[167] where he reportedly told them that they should not emigrate to Ethiopia until they had first liberated the people of Jamaica. This dictum came to be known as "liberation before repatriation".
Haile Selassie defied expectations of the Jamaican authorities[169] and never rebuked the Rastafari for their belief in him as the returned Jesus. Instead, he presented the movement's faithful elders with gold medallions – the only recipients of such an honor on this visit.[170][171] During PNP leader (later Jamaican Prime Minister) Michael Manley's visit to Ethiopia in October 1969, the emperor allegedly still recalled his 1966 reception with amazement, and stated that he felt that he had to be respectful of their beliefs.[172] This was the visit when Manley received the Rod of Correction or Rod of Joshua as a present from the emperor, which is thought to have helped him to win the 1972 election in Jamaica.
Rita Marley, Bob Marley's wife, converted to the Rastafari faith after seeing Haile Selassie on his Jamaican trip. She claimed in interviews (and in her book No Woman, No Cry) that she saw a stigmata print on the palm of Haile Selassie's hand as he waved to the crowd which resembled the markings on Christ's hands from being nailed to the cross—a claim that was not supported by other sources, but was used as evidence for her and other Rastafari to suggest that Haile Selassie I was indeed their messiah.[173] She was also influential in the conversion of Bob Marley, who then became internationally recognized. As a result, Rastafari became much better known throughout much of the world.[174] Bob Marley's posthumously released song "Iron Lion Zion" refers to Haile Selassie.
Question of his divinity[edit]
In a 1967 recorded interview Haile Selassie appeared to deny his alleged divinity. In the interview Bill McNeil says: "there are millions of Christians throughout the world, your Imperial Majesty, who regard you as the reincarnation of Jesus Christ." Selassie replied in his native language:

I have heard of that idea. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I will be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that a human being is emanated from a deity.[175]

For many Rastafari the CBC interview is not interpreted as a denial of his divinity, and according to Robert Earl Hood, Haile Selassie neither denied nor affirmed his divinity either way.[176] In Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music, Kevin Chang and Wayne Chen note

It's often said, though no definite date is ever cited, that Haile Selassie himself denied his divinity. Former senator and Gleaner editor, Hector Wynter, tells of asking him, during his visit to Jamaica in 1966, when he was going to tell Rastafari he was not God. "Who am I to disturb their belief?" replied the emperor.[169]

After his return to Ethiopia, he dispatched Archbishop Abuna Yesehaq Mandefro to the Caribbean to help draw Rastafari and other West Indians to the Ethiopian church and, according to some sources, denied his divinity.[177][178][179][180]
In 1948, Haile Selassie donated a piece of land at Shashamane, 250 km south of Addis Ababa, for the use of people of African descent from the West Indies. Numerous Rastafari families settled there and still live as a community to this day.[181]
Biographical film[edit]
In 2008 a full-length feature film, Man of the Millennium, was produced by an Ethiopian film-maker Tikher Teferra Kidane of Exodus Films, in collaboration with an Alaskan TV station Tanana Valley TV and 4th Avenue Films.[182]
Quotations[edit]

A house built on granite and strong foundations, not even the onslaught of pouring rain, gushing torrents and strong winds will be able to pull down. Some people have written the story of my life representing as truth what in fact derives from ignorance, error or envy; but they cannot shake the truth from its place, even if they attempt to make others believe it.
— Preface to My Life and Ethiopia's Progress, Autobiography of H.I.M. Haile Selassie I (English translation)


That until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned: That until there are no longer first-class and second-class citizens of any nation; That until the color of a man's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes; That until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race; That until that day, the dream of lasting peace and world citizenship and the rule of international morality will remain but a fleeting illusion, to be pursued but never attained and until the ignoble but unhappy regimes that hold our brothers in Angola, in Mozambique, and in South Africa in subhuman bondage have been toppled and destroyed; until bigotry and prejudice and malicious and inhuman self-interest have been replaced by understanding and tolerance and goodwill; until all Africans stand and speak as free human beings, equal in the eyes of the Almighty; until that day, the African continent shall not know peace. We Africans will fight if necessary and we know that we shall win as we are confident in the victory of good over evil.
— English translation of 1963 Speech delivered to the United Nations and popularized in a song called "War" by Bob Marley.


Our attitude to the Somalis who belong to the same race as the Ethiopian people and share with them a common history, has always been crystal clear.
— April 5, 1958 Interview with BBC


Apart from the Kingdom of the Lord there is not on this earth any nation that is superior to any other. Should it happen that a strong Government finds it may with impunity destroy a weak people, then the hour strikes for that weak people to appeal to the League of Nations to give its judgment in all freedom. God and history will remember your judgment.
— Address to the League of Nations, 1936.


We have finished the job. What shall we do with the tools?
— Telegram to Winston Churchill, 1941.


Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted; the indifference of those who should have known better; the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most; that has made it possible for evil to triumph.


Today I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor.
— In a speech to the United Nations.


Misguided people sometimes create misguided ideas. Some of my ancestors were Oromo. How can I colonize myself?
— in response to accusations by dissidents


I have heard of that idea [i.e., of Haile Selassie being the reincarnation of Jesus Christ]. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I would be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that the human being is emanated from a deity."
— Interview with Bill McNeil.


A qualified man with vision, unmoved by daily selfish interests, will be led to right decisions by his conscience. In general, a man who knows from whence he comes and where he is going will co-operate with his fellow human beings. He will not be satisfied with merely doing his ordinary duties but will inspire others by his good example. You are being watched by the nation and you should realize that you will satisfy it if you do good; but if, on the contrary, you do evil, it will lose its hope and its confidence in you."
— 2 July 1963 – University Graduation

Title as emperor[edit]

2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974: His Imperial Majesty the King of Kings of Ethiopia, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, Elect of God.

Honours[edit]
National orders[edit]

 Chief Commander of the Order of the Star of Ethiopia (1909)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Solomon (1930)[184]
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Seal of Solomon[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Queen of Sheba[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Holy Trinity (Ethiopia)[183]
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Menelik II[183]

Foreign orders[edit]


 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) (United Kingdom, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown of Italy (Kingdom of Italy, 1917)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus (Kingdom of Italy, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Redeemer (Kingdom of Greece, 19 August 1924)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (Belgium, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) (United Kingdom, 1924)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau (Luxembourg, 25 May 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Legion d'Honneur (France, 1924)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Tower and Sword (Portugal, 1925)
 Knight of the Order of the Most Holy Annunciation (Kingdom of Italy, 1928)
 Royal Victorian Chain (United Kingdom, 1930)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1930)
 Collar of the Order of Muhammad Ali (Kingdom of Egypt, 1930)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion (Netherlands, 1930)
 Knight of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland, 1930)
 Croix de guerre 1939–1945 with a bronze palm (France, 1945)
 Chief Commander of the Legion of Merit (USA, 1945)
 Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of St. Olav (Norway, 1949)
 Yugoslav Great Star (Yugoslavia, 1954)
 Medal of Military Merit 1st Class (Kingdom of Greece, 28 October 1954)
 Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany, 1954)
 Military Medal (France, 1954)
 Knight Grand Cross of the Military William Order (Netherlands, 3 November 1954)[185]
 Honorary Knight of the Order of the Garter (KG) (United Kingdom, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Elephant (RE) (Denmark, 1954)
 Knight of the Order of the Seraphim (RSerafO) (Sweden, 1954)
 Collar of the Order of the Aztec Eagle (Mexico, 1954)
 Grand Star of the Order of Merit of the Austrian Republic (Austria, 1954)
Honorary Citizen of Belgrade (Yugoslavia, 1954)[186]
 Member of the Order of Merit for National Foundation, the "Order of the Republic of Korea" grade (South Korea, 1955)
 Knight Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (Italy, 1955)
 Collar of the Order of the Chrysanthemum (Japan, 1956)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Vietnam (South Vietnam, 1958)
Grand Commander of the Order of Truth (Burma, 1958)
 Grand Collar of the Order of the Southern Cross (Brazil, 1958)
 Star of the Republic of Indonesia, 1st Class (Indonesia, 1958)
 Hilal-i-Pakistan, 1st Class (Pakistan, 1958)
 Knight of the Order of the Royal House of Chakri (Thailand, 1958)
 Riband of the Three Military (Order Of Christ, Order of Saint Benedict of Aviz, and Order of St. James of the Sword) (Portugal, 1959)
 Korean War Service Medal (South Korea, 1959)
 1st Class of the Order of Suvorov (USSR, 1959)
Grand Cross of the Order of the Somali Star (Somalia)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Nile (Egypt, 22 May 1963)
 Commander of the Order of the Shield and Spears (Buganda, 1964)
 Grand Collar of the Order of Pahlavi (Iran, 1964)
 Star of the People's Republic of Romania (Romania, 1964)
 Member 1st Class with Diamonds of the Order of the Flag of the Republic of Hungary (Hungary, 1964)
Jamaica Kings House Honouree (Jamaica, 1966)
 Collar of the National Order of Honour and Merit (Haiti, 1966)
 Necklace of the Order of Jean-Jacques Dessalines the Great (Haiti, 1966)[187]
 Grand Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (Poland, 1967)
 Honorary Recipient of the Order of the Crown of the Realm (D.M.N.) (Malaysia, 21 May 1968)
 Companion of the Order of the Star of Ghana (CSG) (Ghana, 1970)
 Collar of the Order of Pius IX (Holy See, 1970)
 Knight Collar of the Order of Charles III (Spain, 27 April 1971)[188]
 Commemorative Medal of the 2500th Anniversary of the founding of the Persian Empire (Iran, 14 October 1971)[189]
Honorary Citizen of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Yugoslavia, 1972)[190]
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator General San Martín (Argentina)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Dahomey (Benin)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Condor of the Andes (Bolivia)
 Order of Valour (Cameroon)
 Order of Central African Merit (Central African Republic)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Chad (Republic of Chad)
 Collar of the Order of Merit (Chile)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Merit (Congo)
 Order of the White Lion 1st Class with Collar (Czechoslovakia)
 Collar of the Order of the White Rose (Finland)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Equatorial Star (Gabon)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Guinea)
 Grand Order of the Hashemites (Kingdom of Iraq)
 Order of al-Hussein bin Ali (Jordan)
 Grand Chief of the Order of the Golden Heart (Kenya)
 Extraordinary Grade of the Order of Merit (Lebanon)
 Grand Cordon of the Order of the Pioneers of Liberia (Liberia)
 Order of Idris I (Libya)
 Grand Cordon of the National Order of Madagascar (Madagascar)
 Order of the Lion (Malawi)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Mali (Mali)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit (Mauritania)
Order of Muhammad (Morocco)
 Grand Cross of the National Order (Niger)
 Order of the Federal Republic (Nigeria)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru (Peru)
 Raja of the Order of Sikatuna (Philippines)
 Order of Abdulaziz al Saud, 1st Class (Saudi Arabia)
 Grand Cross of the Order of the Lion (Senegal)
 Cordon of Honour (Sudan)
 Order of Umayyad (Syria)
 Special Grade of the Order of Propitious Clouds (Taiwan)
 Grand Cross of the Order of Mono (Togo)
 Order of Independence (Tunisia)
 Order of the Source of the Nile (Uganda)
 Grand Cross of the National Order of Upper Volta (Republic of Upper Volta)
 Collar of the Order of the Liberator (Venezuela)
 Collar of the National Order of the Leopard (Zaire)
 Collar of the Order of the Eagle of Zambia (Zambia)


Ancestry[edit]


Ancestors of Haile Selassie







 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

8. Dejazmach Wolde Malakot Yamana Krestos

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

4. Dejazmach Wolde Mikael Gudessa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

9. Woizero Kalama Worq

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

2. Ras Mäkonnen Wäldä-Mika'él Guddisa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

20. Meridazmach Wossen Seged



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

10. Meridazmach Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

21. Woizero Zenebework



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

5. Immabet Tenagnework Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

22.



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

11. Woizero Yimegnushal Ayele

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







 

23. Etalemahu



 




 


 


 


 


 







 

1. Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

6. Dejazmach Ali Abba Jifar of Woreilu

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

3. Woizero Yeshimebet Ali Abba Jifar

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

14. Ato Yimeru of Gurage

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

7. Immabet-Hoy Walatta Ihata Giyorgis Yimeru

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

15. Woizero Araza-Aregai

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 






















Military ranks[edit]
Haile Selassie held the following ranks:[191]

Field Marshal, Imperial Ethiopian Army
Admiral of the Fleet, Imperial Ethiopian Navy
Marshal of the Imperial Ethiopian Air Force
Field Marshal, British Army, 20 January 1965[192]

Popular culture[edit]

William Saroyan wrote a short story about him entitled The Lion of Judah in his 1971 book, Letters from 74 rue Taitbout or Don't Go But If You Must Say Hello To Everybody.
His name is often called out in vain by Hermes Conrad, a Rastafarian Accountant from the show Futurama
Featured as a playable leader in the computer strategy game Civilization V: Brave New World
Rex Stewart, a jazz cornetist, thought about Haile Selassie when he was creating a tune named Menelik (The Lion of Juda) which was recorded in 1941.

See also[edit]

Black Lions
Desta Damtew
List of people who have been considered deities

Notes[edit]
Footnotes[edit]



^ Translates to "Power of the Trinity".[1]
^ Pronounced in English as /ˈhaɪli səˈlæsi/ or /səˈlɑːsi/.[2][3]
^ Ge'ez ግርማዊ ቀዳማዊ አፄ ኃይለ ሥላሴ ሞዓ አንበሳ ዘእምነገደ ይሁዳ ንጉሠ ነገሥት ዘኢትዮጵያ ሰዩመ እግዚአብሔር; girmāwī ḳedāmāwī 'aṣē ḫayle śillāsē, mō'ā 'anbessā ze'imneggede yihudā niguse negest ze'ītyōṗṗyā, siyume 'igzī'a'bihēr.[citation needed]
^ Bālemulu literally means "fully empowered" or "wholly authorised", thus distinguishing it from the general use of Enderase, that being a representative or lieutenant of the Emperor to fiefs or vassals, essentially a Governor-General or Viceroy, by which term provincial governors in the contemporary Imperial period, during Haile Selassie's reign, were referred.[citation needed]
^ Balcha Safo brought an army of ten thousand with him from Sidamo.[37]
^ Balcha Safo's personal bodyguard numbered about five hundred.[37]



Citations[edit]


^ Gates, Henry Louis and Appiah, Anthony, Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience. 1999, p. 902.
^ "Haile Selassie", Merriam-webster, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Haile Selassie", Dictionary, Reference, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ Page, Melvin Eugene; Sonnenburg, Penny M. (2003). Colonialism: an international, social, cultural, and political encyclopedia. 1. ABC-CLIO. p. 247. ISBN 978-1-57607-335-3. 
^ a b Safire 1997, pp. 297–8.
^ Karsh, Efraim (1988), Neutrality and Small States. Routledge. ISBN 0-41500507-8, p. 112.
^ Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs. ISBN 1-58648398-6, pp. 212–13.
^ a b c Rebellion and Famine in the North under Haile Selassie (PDF), Human Rights Watch .
^ a b Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998), "Feeding on Ethiopia's Famine", The Independent, UK .
^ "Rastafarian", Major religions ranked by size, Adherents .
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Sullivan, Michael, C. (2005), In Search of a Perfect World. Author House. ISBN 1-42084161-0, p. 86.
^ Erlich, Haggai (2002), The Cross and the River: Ethiopia, Egypt, and the Nile. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587970-5, p. 192.
^ Murrell, p. 148
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia dies at 83", The New York Times .
^ a b Murrell, pp. 172–3.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xiii.
^ "Haile Selasie: 40 year anniversary of his death". African calendar. Africa Media Online. 
^ Roberts, Neil (11 February 2015). Freedom as Marronage. University of Chicago Press. p. 175. ISBN 9780226201047. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ Murrell, p. 159.
^ Lee V. (1983, July), "The Roots of Rastafari", Yoga Journal No. 51. ISSN 0191-0965, p. 18
^ Ghai, Yash P. (2000), Autonomy and Ethnicity: Negotiating Competing Claims in Multi-Ethnic States. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52178642-8, p. 176.
^ a b Kasuka, Bridgette (2012). Prominent African Leaders Since Independence. Bankole Kamara Taylor. p. 19. ISBN 1-47004358-0. 
^ "Shoa 3". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ a b de Moor, Jaap and Wesseling, H. L. (1989), Imperialism and War: Essays on Colonial Wars in Asia and Africa. Brill. ISBN 9004088342, p. 189.
^ a b Woodward, Peter (1994), Conflict and Peace in the Horn of Africa: federalism and its alternatives. Dartmouth Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85521486-5, p. 29.
^ Shinn, p. 265.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. xii.
^ a b c Shinn, pp. 193–4.
^ a b Roberts, p. 712.
^ a b White, pp. 34–5.
^ "Modern era". History of Ethiopia. Solomonic crown heraldry. Archived from the original on 26 September 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2012. 
^ Mockler, p. 387.
^ Lentakis, Michael B. (2004), Ethiopia: Land of the Lotus Eaters. Janus Pub. Co. ISBN 1-85756558-4, p. 41.
^ a b Shinn, p. 228.
^ Marcus, p. 126.
^ a b c d e Marcus, p. 127.
^ Marcus, Harold (1996), Haile Selassie I: The formative years, 1892–1936. Trenton: Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902007-8, pp. 36ff.
^ Clarence-Smith, W. G. The Economics of the Indian Ocean Slave Trade in the Nineteenth Century. 1989, p. 103.
^ Miers, Twentieth Century Solutions of the Abolition of Slavery (PDF), Yale .
^ Brody, J. Kenneth (2000). The Avoidable War. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-76580498-0. p. 209.
^ Marcus, p. 123.
^ Gates and Appiah, Africana (1999), p. 698.
^ Rogers, Joel Augustus (1936). The Real Facts about Ethiopia. p. 27.
^ a b c Mockler, pp. 3–4.
^ ETHIOPIAN RULER WINS PLAUDITS OF PARISIANS, The New York Times. 17 May 1924.
^ ETHIOPIAN ROYALTIES DON SHOES IN CAIRO, The New York Times. 5 May 1924.
^ Mockler, p. 4.
^ Nidel, Richard (2005), World Music: The Basics. Routledge. ISBN 0415968003, p. 56.
^ a b Roberts, p. 723.
^ Marcus, p. 129.
^ Mockler, p. 8.
^ Marcus, pp. 127–28.
^ Roberts, p. 724.
^ Sorenson, John (2001). Ghosts and Shadows: Construction of Identity and Community in an African Diaspora. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-80208331-5 p. 34.
^ Brockman, Norbert C. (1994), An African Biographical Dictionary. ABC-CLIO. ISBN 0-87436748-4, p. 381.
^ Henze, Paul B. (2000), Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia. C. Hurst & Co. Publishers. ISBN 1-85065393-3, p. 205.
^ a b Mockler, p. 12.
^ Abyssinian ruler honors Americans. The New York Times. 24 October 1930.
^ Wallace, Irving (1965). "Everybody's Rover Boy", p. 113 in The Sunday Gentleman. New York: Simon & Schuster.
^ "Emperor is Crowned in Regal Splendor at African Capital". The New York Times. 3 November 1930.
^ ABYSSINIA'S GUESTS RECEIVE COSTLY GIFTS. The New York Times. 12 November 1930.
^ "Emperor of Ethiopia Honors Bishop Freeman; Sends Gold-Encased Bible and Cross for Prayer". The New York Times. 27 January 1931.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 17.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902051-5, p. 22.
^ Nahum, Fasil (1997), Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020515, p. 22.
^ Mockler, p. 61.
^ a b Carlton, Eric (1992), Occupation: The Policies and Practices of Military Conquerors. Taylor & Francis. ISBN 0-20314346-9, pp. 88–9.
^ a b Vandervort, Bruce (1998), Wars of Imperial Conquest in Africa, 1830–1914. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-25321178-6, p. 158.
^ Churchill, Winston (1986). The Second World War. p. 165.
^ Chapter 35 – We proclaim mobilization at the Wayback Machine (archived 11 June 2009) in Words of RasTafarI, Haile Selassie I. Jah-rastafari. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Baudendistel, Rainer (2006), Between Bombs And Good Intentions: The Red Cross And the Italo-Ethiopian War. Berghahn Books. ISBN 1-84545035-3, p. 168.
^ Young, John (1997), Peasant Revolution in Ethiopia. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-52102606-7, p. 51.
^ Garvey, Marcus, The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers. 1991, p. 685.
^ Mockler, p. 123.
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 62.
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 132
^ Spencer, John (2006). Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. Tsehai Publishers. ISBN 1-59907000-6. p. 72.
^ Moseley, Ray (1999), Mussolini's Shadow: The Double Life of Count Galeazzo Ciano. Yale University Press. ISBN 0-30007917-6, p. 27.
^ Jarrett-Macauley, Delia (1998), The Life of Una Marson, 1905–65, Manchester University Press, ISBN 0-71905284-X, pp. 102–3.
^ Safire 1997, p. 318.
^ Ferraro, Vincent. "Haile Selassie, "Appeal to the League of Nations", June 1936". Mtholyoke. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Man of the Year", Time (magazine), 6 January 1936 .
^ Time 1937.
^ Elleray, D. Robert (1998). A Millennium Encyclopaedia of Worthing History. Worthing: Optimus Books. p. 119. ISBN 0-9533132-0-4. 
^ Selassie at Wimbledon, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society, Summer 2006, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ "Exiled emperor at home in hotel". Malvern Gazette. 18 October 2002. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor's life in town is recalled in BBC film". Malvern Gazette. 14 February 2003. Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "'Princesses were my school chums'". Malvern Gazette. Newsquest Media Group. 5 May 2006. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Emperor will be remembered as part of civic week". Malvern Gazette. 6 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ "Civic week to be launched with ceremony". Malvern Gazette. 21 June 2011. Retrieved 25 June 2011. 
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 11–2..
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 26–27..
^ a b Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 25.
^ a b Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004), Ethiopia: A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-41911857-9, pp. 60–61.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 27.
^ a b c Selassie 1999, vol. 2, pp. 40–42.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 170.
^ Shinn, p. 3.
^ Haber, Lutz, The Emperor Haile Selassie I in Bath 1936–1940, Occasional papers, The Anglo-Ethiopian Society .
^ Barker, A. J. (1936), The Rape of Ethiopia, p. 156.
^ Selassie 1999, vol. 2, p. 165.
^ Hinks, Peter P.; McKivigan, John R. and Williams, R. Owen (2007). Encyclopedia of Antislavery and Abolition, Greenwood Publishing Group, p. 248. ISBN 0-313-33143-X.
^ Shinn, p. 201.
^ a b Shinn, pp. 140–1.
^ a b c d e Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle (2004). Ethiopia A Country Study. Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1419118579. pp. 63–4.
^ Willcox Seidman, Ann (1990), Apartheid, Militarism, and the U.S. Southeast. Africa World Press. ISBN 0865431515, p. 78.
^ a b c Watson, John H. (2000), Among the Copts. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 978-1-902210-56-8, p. 56.
^ "Ethiopian Korean War Veterans", Geo cities, Yahoo!, Archived from the original on 26 October 2009 CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link).
^ Nathaniel, Ras (2004), 50th Anniversary of His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1-41203702-6, p. 30.
^ "Ethiopia Administrative Change and the 1955 Constitution". Country studies. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Mammo, Tirfe (1999). The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge. The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1-56902049-3, p. 103.
^ Addis Zemen newspaper, 3 October 1947.
^ a b Zewde, Bahru (2001), A History of Modern Ethiopia. Oxford: James Currey. ISBN 0852557868, pp. 220–26.
^ a b Mammo, Tirfe (1999), The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge.The Red Sea Press. ISBN 1569020493, p. 100.
^ "General Assembly Resolutions 5th Session". United Nations. Retrieved 16 October 2007. 
^ Haile, Semere (1987), "The Origins and Demise of the Ethiopia-Eritrea Federation", Issue: A Journal of Opinion, 15, pp. 9–17.
^ "Ethiopia: New African Union Building and Kwame Statue" (Video) at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 June 2012). Jimma Times. 29 January 2012
^ Brewer, Sam Pope (5 October 1963), Selassie, at U.N., Recalls 1936 Plea to League, The New York Times.
^ "Photo # 84497", Emperor of Ethiopia Addresses General Assembly, New York: United Nations, 4 October 1963 .
^ Wikisource:Selassie's Address to the United Nations
^ "Country ratings and status, FIW 1973-2012" (XLS). Freedom House. 2012. Retrieved 2012-08-22. 
^ "40th anniversary of Hazemo Massacre commemorated". Shabait. Archived from the original on 30 September 2007. Retrieved 26 July 2007. 
^ "Eritrean Martyrs' Day". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ Latt, Louise. "Eritrea Re-photographed: Landscape Changes in the Eritrean Highlands 1890-2004" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 4 March 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ "Dates in Eritrean History". Retrieved 26 September 2006. 
^ a b De Waal, p. 58.
^ a b c Dickinson, Daniel, "The last of the Ethiopian emperors", BBC News, Addis Ababa, 12 May 2005.
^ De Waal.
^ De Waal (1991b), "3. Rebellion and famine in the north under Haile Selassie", Evil Days (PDF), p. 58, n. 7 ; from .[129]
^ "The Unknown Famine in Ethiopia 1973". BBC. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (28 July 2002). "Jonathan Dimbleby and the hidden famine". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Eldridge, John Eric Thomas (1993), Getting the Message: News, Truth and Power. Psychology Press. ISBN 0-41507983-7, p. 26.
^ Dimbleby, Jonathan (8 December 1998). "Feeding on Ethiopia's famine". The Independent. Retrieved 12 October 2015. 
^ De Waal, p. 61.
^ Woodward, Peter (2003), The Horn of Africa: Politics and International Relations. I. B. Tauris. ISBN 1-86064870-3, p. 175.
^ Kumar, Krishna (1998). Postconflict Elections, Democratization, and International Assistance. Lynne Rienner Publishers. ISBN 1-55587778-8, p. 114.
^ "Government and Politics", Ethiopia (country study), Mongabay, retrieved 24 April 2014 .
^ a b c Launhardt, Johannes (2005). Evangelicals in Addis Ababa (1919–1991). LIT Verlag. ISBN 3-82587791-4, pp. 239–40.
^ a b Meredith, Martin (2005), The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. Public Affairs, ISBN 1-58648398-6, p. 216.
^ Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, 1978. ISBN 0-679-72203-3.
^ a b Shinn, p. 44.
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia Dies at 83". The New York Times. 28 August 1975. Retrieved 21 July 2007. Haile Selassie, the last emperor in the 3,000-year-old Ethiopian monarchy, who ruled for half a century before he was deposed in a military coup last September, died yesterday in a small apartment in his former palace. He was 83 years old. His death was played down by the military rulers who succeeded him in Addis Ababa, who announced it in a normally scheduled radio newscast there at 7 am They said that he had been found dead in his bed by a servant, and that the cause of death was probably related to the effects of a prostate operation Haile Selassie underwent two months ago. 
^ a b "An Imperial Burial for Haile Selassie, 25 Years After Death", The New York Times, 6 November 2000.
^ Ottaway, Marina, and David Ottaway (1978), Ethiopia: Empire in Revolution. New York: Africana. ISBN 0-84190363-8, p. 109, n. 22.
^ "Ethiopians Celebrate a Mass for Exhumed Haile Selassie", The New York Times, 1 March 1992.
^ a b Lorch, Donatella (31 December 1995). "Ethiopia Deals With Legacy of Kings and Colonels". The New York Times.
^ Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19803060-6, p. 55.
^ "Granddaughter Esther Selassie's website genealogy". Afronord.tripod.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Mockler, p. xxvii.
^ "Rastafarian beliefs". BBC. 9 October 2009. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "The African Diaspora, Ethiopianism, and Rastafari". Smithsonian education. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie King of Kings, Conquering Lion of the tribe of Judah". Debate.uvm.edu. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie". Ethiopian History. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ a b c Owens, Joseph (1974), Dread, The Rastafarians of Jamaica. ISBN 0-435-98650-3.
^ "The Re-evolution of Rastafari". Rastafari speaks. 20 January 2003. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Barrett, Leonard E. (1988). The Rastafarians. Beacon Press. pp. 118–. ISBN 978-0-8070-1039-6. 
^ Christopher John Farley, Before the Legend: The Rise of Bob Marley, p. 145.
^ David Katz, People Funny Boy (Lee Perry biography), p. 41.
^ Murrell, p. 64.
^ David Howard, Kingston: A Cultural and Literary History, p. 176.
^ "The State Visit of Emperor Haile Selassie I". Jamaica-gleaner.com. Archived from the original on 9 December 2010. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "Commemorating The Royal Visit by Ijahnya Christian", The Anguillian Newspaper, 22 April 2005.
^ White, pp. 15, 210, 211.
^ Bogues, Anthony (2003), Black Heretics, Black Prophets: Radical Political Intellectuals. Psychology Press. ISBN 0415943256, p. 189.
^ Bradley, Lloyd (2001), This Is Reggae Music: The Story of Jamaica's Music. Grove Press. ISBN 0802138284, pp. 192–93.
^ a b c Edmonds, Ennis Barrington (2002), Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0198030606. p. 86.
^ a b Habekost, Christian (1993), Verbal Riddim: The Politics and Aesthetics of African-Caribbean Dub Poetry. Rodopi. ISBN 9051835493, p. 83.
^ a b O'Brien Chang, Kevin; Chen, Wayne (1998). Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music. Temple University Press. p. 243. ISBN 978-1-56639-629-5. 
^ "African Crossroads – Spiritual Kinsmen" at the Wayback Machine (archived 15 January 2008) Dr. Ikael Tafari, The Daily Nation, 24 December 2007.
^ White, p. 211.
^ Funk, Jerry (2007), Life Is an Excellent Adventure. Trafford Publishing. ISBN 1412215005, p. 149.
^ Marley, Rita (2004). No Woman No Cry: My Life with Bob Marley. Hyperion. p. 43. ISBN 978-0-7868-6867-4. 
^ "Bob Marley the Devoted Rastafarian!". Rasta-man-vibration.com. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Spencer, William David (1998). Dread Jesus. SPCK Publishing. p. 44. ISBN 978-0-28105101-4. 
^ Hood, Robert Earl (January 1990). Must God Remain Greek?: Afro Cultures and God-talk. Fortress Press. pp. 93–. ISBN 978-0-8006-2449-1. 
^ "Ethiopians in D.C. Region Mourn Archbishop's Death". The Washington Post. 13 January 2006. 
^ "Bob Marley Anniversary Spotlights Rasta Religion". National Geographic. 28 October 2010. 
^ "Haile Selassie I – God of the Black race". BBC. 
^ Nettleford, Rex (1970), Mirror, Mirror: Identity, Race and Protest in Jamaica, William Collins and Sangster Ltd, Jamaica.
^ "The History and Location of the Shashamane Settlement Community Development Foundation, Inc., USA". Shashamane. Archived from the original on 25 May 2011. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ "'Man of the Millennium' - Message from the Director". Retrieved 3 October 2014. 
^ a b c d e Copley, Gregory R. Ethiopia Reaches Her Hand Unto God: Imperial Ethiopia's Unique Symbols, Structures and Role in the Modern World. Published by Defense & Foreign Affairs, part of the International Strategic Studies Association, 1998. ISBN 1892998009. p.17
^ Religious, Traditional & Ceremonial. The Official Website of The Crown Council of Ethiopia. The Crown Council of Ethiopia. Retrieved 13 August 2014.
^ "Haile Selassie I", Military William Order (in Dutch), Defence, retrieved 9 March 2016 .
^ "Đilas podržao predlog". RS: Blic. Archived from the original on 21 December 2008. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ Abbott, Elizabeth (1988), Haiti: An insider's history of the rise and fall of the Duvaliers. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-67168620-8, p. 139.
^ Boletín Oficial del Estado
^ Badraie. Retrieved on 24 April 2014.
^ Odluka o proglašenju Njegovog Carskog Veličanstva Cara Etiopije Haila Selasija Prvog za počasnog građanina SFRJ ("Službeni list SFRJ"), br. 33/72 319–655
^ "Shoa 6". Royal ark. Retrieved 12 September 2010. 
^ The London Gazette, Issue: 43567 Page: 1235. Retrieved op 17 January 2017.


Bibliography[edit]

Marcus, Harold G. (1994). A History of Ethiopia. London: University of California Press. p. 316. ISBN 0-520-22479-5. 
Mockler, Anthony (2003). Haile Selassie's War. Signal Books. ISBN 1-90266953-3. 
Murrell, Nathaniel Samuel; Spencer, William David; McFarlane, Adrian Anthony (1998). Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader. Temple University Press. ISBN 1-56639584-4. 
Roberts, Andrew Dunlop (1986). The Cambridge History of Africa: From 1905 to 1940. 7. Cambridge: Press Sindicate of the University of Cambridge. ISBN 0-52122505-1. 
Safire, William (1997), Lend Me Your Ears: Great Speeches in History, W.W. Norton, ISBN 0-39304005-4 .
Selassie, Haile I (1999), My Life and Ethiopia's Progress: The Autobiography of Emperor Haile Selassie I, translated from Amharic by Edward Ullendorff, New York: Frontline Books, ISBN 0-948390-40-9 .
Shinn, David Hamilton; Ofcansky, Thomas P. (2004). Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. Scarecrow Press. ISBN 0-81086566-1. 
"Distressed Negus". Time Magazine. 15 November 1937. Retrieved 19 January 2010. 
De Waal, Alexander (1991). Evil Days: Thirty Years of War and Famine in Ethiopia (PDF). Human Rights Watch. ISBN 1-56432038-3. 
White, Timothy (2006). Catch a Fire: The Life of Bob Marley. Henry Holt & Co. ISBN 0-80508086-4. 

Further reading[edit]

Henze, Paul B (2000), ""The Rise of Haile Selassie: Time of Troubles, Regent, Emperor, Exile" and "Ethiopia in the Modern World: Haile Selassie from Triumph to Tragedy"", Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia, New York: Palgrave, ISBN 0-312-22719-1 .
Kapuściński, Ryszard (1978), The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat, ISBN 0-679-72203-3 .
Haile Selassie I: Ethiopia's Lion of Judah, 1979, ISBN 0-88229-342-7
Haile Selassie's war: the Italian-Ethiopian Campaign, 1935–1941, 1984, ISBN 0-394-54222-3
Haile Selassie, western education, and political revolution in Ethiopia, 2006, ISBN 978-1-934043-20-2
King of Kings: the triumph and tragedy of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia, 2015, ISBN 978-1-910376-14-0
Mosley, Leonard, Haile Selassie: The Conquering Lion. Prentice Hall 1965 LCCN 65-11882 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Haile Selassie I.





Wikisource has original works written by or about:
Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Haile Selassie



Ethiopian Treasures – Emperor Haile Selassie I
Imperial Crown Council of Ethiopia
Speech to the League of Nations, June 1936 (full text)
Rare and Unseen: Haile Selassie – slideshow by Life magazine
Marcus Garvey's prophecy of Haile Selassie I as the returned messiah
Haile Selassie I and the Italo-Ethiopian war
Haile Selassie I, the Later Years
A critical look at the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia
BBC article, memories of his personal servant
"His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia visits Jamaica", Watch News Reel (video), Google, 21 April 1966 
Ba Beta Kristiyan Haile Selassie I  – The Church of Haile Selassie I
Haile Selassie I Speaks -Text & Audio-
Collection by Martin Rikli in 1935–1936, including photos of Haile Selassie, open access through the University of Florida Digital Collections
The Emperor's Clothes
A History of Ethiopia




Haile Selassie
House of Solomon
Born: 23 July 1892 Died: 27 August 1975


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Zewditu I
Emperor of Ethiopia
2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974
Monarchy abolished


Titles in pretence


Loss of title
Communist take-over

— TITULAR —
Emperor of Ethiopia
12 September 1974 – 27 August 1975
Succeeded by
Crown Prince Amha Selassie








v
t
e


Emperors of Ethiopia (1270–1974)




Family tree



Solomonic dynasty



Yekuno Amlak
Yagbe'u Seyon (Salomon I)
Senfa Ared IV
Hezba Asgad
Qedma Asgad
Jin Asgad
Saba Asgad
Wedem Arad
Amda Seyon I
Newaya Krestos
Newaya Maryam
Dawit I
Tewodros I
Yeshaq I
Andreyas
Takla Maryam
Sarwe Iyasus
Amda Iyasus
Zara Yaqob (Kwestantinos I)
Baeda Maryam I
Eskender (Kwestantinos II)
Amda Seyon II
Na'od
Dawit II
Gelawdewos
Menas
Sarsa Dengel
Yaqob
Za Dengel
Yaqob
Susenyos I
Fasilides
Yohannes I
Iyasu the Great
Tekle Haymanot I
Tewoflos
Yostos
Dawit III
Bakaffa
Iyasu II





Age of the Princes



Iyoas I
Yohannes II
Tekle Haymanot II
Susenyos II
Tekle Haymanot II
Salomon II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Iyasu III
Tekle Giyorgis I
Hezqeyas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Baeda Maryam II
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Yonas
Tekle Giyorgis I
Salomon III
Demetros
Tekle Giyorgis I
Demetros
Egwale Seyon
Iyoas II
Gigar
Baeda Maryam III
Gigar
Iyasu IV
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Gebre Krestos
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel
Yohannes III
Sahle Dengel





Tewodros dynasty



Tewodros II





Zagwe restoration



Tekle Giyorgis II





Tigray dynasty



Yohannes IV





Solomonic dynasty



Menelik II
Iyasu V
Zewditu I
Haile Selassie I












v
t
e


Chairpersons of the Organisation of African Unity and the African Union



Organisation of African Unity



Selassie
Nasser
Nkrumah
Ankrah
Selassie
Mobutu
Boumedienne
Ahidjo
Kaunda
Daddah
Hassan II
Gowon
Barre
Amin
Ramgoolam
Bongo
Nimeiry
Tolbert
Senghor
Stevens
Moi
Mengistu
Nyerere
Diouf
Nguesso
Kaunda
Traoré
Mubarak
Museveni
Babangida
Diouf
Mubarak
Ben Ali
Meles
Biya
Mugabe
Compaoré
Bouteflika
Eyadéma
Chiluba
Mwanawasa





African Union



Mbeki
Chissano
Obasanjo
Nguesso
Kufuor
Kikwete
Gaddafi
Mutharika
Nguema
Boni
Hailemariam
Abdel Aziz
Mugabe
Déby
Condé












v
t
e


Pan-Africanism



Ideology





Variants




Afrocentrism
African nationalism
African socialism
Black nationalism
Garveyism
Nkrumaism
Sankarism
Uhuru Movement
Zikism






Concepts




African century
Black Power
Négritude
Ubuntu
Ujamaa
United States of Africa








Proponents





Politicians




Nnamdi Azikiwe
Amílcar Cabral
David Comissiong
Muammar Gaddafi
Marcus Garvey
Alieu Ebrima Cham Joof
Kenneth Kaunda
Jomo Kenyatta
Patrice Lumumba
Thabo Mbeki
Robert Mugabe
Abdias do Nascimento
Gamal Abdel Nasser
Kwame Nkrumah
John Nyathi Pokela
Julius Nyerere
Thomas Sankara
Ahmed Sékou Touré
Haile Selassie
Robert Sobukwe
I. T. A. Wallace-Johnson






Others




Marimba Ani
Molefi Kete Asante
Steve Biko
Edward Wilmot Blyden
Stokely Carmichael
John Henrik Clarke
Cheikh Anta Diop
W. E. B. Du Bois
Frantz Fanon
John G. Jackson
Leonard Jeffries
Yosef Ben-Jochannan
Maulana Karenga
Fela Kuti
Malcolm X
Zephania Mothopeng
George Padmore
Motsoko Pheko
Runoko Rashidi
Paul Robeson
Randall Robinson
Walter Rodney
Burning Spear
Henry Sylvester-Williams
Issa Laye Thiaw
Omali Yeshitela








Organizations



African Union
African Unification Front
All-African People's Revolutionary Party
Conseil de l'Entente
Convention People's Party
Economic Freedom Fighters
International African Service Bureau
Organisation of African Unity
Pan Africanist Congress of Azania
Rassemblement Démocratique Africain
UNIA-ACL





Symbols



Black Star of Africa
Lion of Judah
Pan-African colours
Pan-African flag





Related



African philosophy
African-American leftism
Africanization
All-African Peoples' Conference
Kwanzaa
Year of Africa












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year








1927–1950






Charles Lindbergh (1927)
Walter Chrysler (1928)
Owen D. Young (1929)
Mohandas Gandhi (1930)
Pierre Laval (1931)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1932)
Hugh S. Johnson (1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1934)
Haile Selassie (1935)
Wallis Simpson (1936)
Chiang Kai-shek / Soong Mei-ling (1937)
Adolf Hitler (1938)
Joseph Stalin (1939)
Winston Churchill (1940)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1941)
Joseph Stalin (1942)
George Marshall (1943)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1944)
Harry S. Truman (1945)
James F. Byrnes (1946)
George Marshall (1947)
Harry S. Truman (1948)
Winston Churchill (1949)
The American Fighting-Man (1950)













1951–1975






Mohammed Mosaddeq (1951)
Elizabeth II (1952)
Konrad Adenauer (1953)
John Foster Dulles (1954)
Harlow Curtice (1955)
Hungarian Freedom Fighters (1956)
Nikita Khrushchev (1957)
Charles de Gaulle (1958)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1959)
U.S. Scientists: George Beadle / Charles Draper / John Enders / Donald A. Glaser / Joshua Lederberg / Willard Libby / Linus Pauling / Edward Purcell / Isidor Rabi / Emilio Segrè / William Shockley / Edward Teller / Charles Townes / James Van Allen / Robert Woodward (1960)
John F. Kennedy (1961)
Pope John XXIII (1962)
Martin Luther King, Jr. (1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1964)
William Westmoreland (1965)
The Generation Twenty-Five and Under (1966)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1967)
The Apollo 8 Astronauts: William Anders / Frank Borman / Jim Lovell (1968)
The Middle Americans (1969)
Willy Brandt (1970)
Richard Nixon (1971)
Henry Kissinger / Richard Nixon (1972)
John Sirica (1973)
King Faisal (1974)
American Women: Susan Brownmiller / Kathleen Byerly / Alison Cheek / Jill Conway / Betty Ford / Ella Grasso / Carla Hills / Barbara Jordan / Billie Jean King / Susie Sharp / Carol Sutton / Addie Wyatt (1975)













1976–2000






Jimmy Carter (1976)
Anwar Sadat (1977)
Deng Xiaoping (1978)
Ayatollah Khomeini (1979)
Ronald Reagan (1980)
Lech Wałęsa (1981)
The Computer (1982)
Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983)
Peter Ueberroth (1984)
Deng Xiaoping (1985)
Corazon Aquino (1986)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1987)
The Endangered Earth (1988)
Mikhail Gorbachev (1989)
George H. W. Bush (1990)
Ted Turner (1991)
Bill Clinton (1992)
The Peacemakers: Yasser Arafat / F. W. de Klerk / Nelson Mandela / Yitzhak Rabin (1993)
Pope John Paul II (1994)
Newt Gingrich (1995)
David Ho (1996)
Andrew Grove (1997)
Bill Clinton / Ken Starr (1998)
Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999)
George W. Bush (2000)













2001–present






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protester (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karwah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)









 Book:Time Persons of the Year







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 66475642
LCCN: n79043431
ISNI: 0000 0001 0910 2298
GND: 118700758
SELIBR: 319456
SUDOC: 027764656
BNF: cb11973730w (data)
NLA: 35677375
NDL: 00620780
NKC: jo2007416169










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Haile_Selassie&oldid=792503176"					
Categories: Haile Selassie1892 births1975 deathsAfrican Union chairpersonsBurials at Holy Trinity Cathedral (Addis Ababa)Deified peopleEmperors of EthiopiaEthiopian anti-communistsEthiopian Oriental Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian Orthodox ChristiansEthiopian princesGovernments in exile during World War IIInternational opponents of apartheid in South AfricaLeaders ousted by a coupMarshals of the air forceNon-Chalcedonian Christian monarchsOrthodox monarchsAfrican pan-AfricanistsPeople from Addis AbabaRastafari movementRulers of EthiopiaSolomonic dynastyWorld War II political leadersChief Commanders of the Legion of MeritChiefs of the Order of the Golden Heart of KenyaCollars of the Order of the Aztec EagleExtra Knights Companion of the GarterGrand Collars of the Order of SikatunaGrand Collars of the Order of the Southern CrossGrand Commanders of the Order of the Federal RepublicGrand Cordons of the Order of the NileGrand Cordons of the Order of the Queen of ShebaGrand Cordons of the Order of the Seal of SolomonGrand Cordons of the Order of ValourGrand Croix of the Légion d'honneurGrand Crosses of the Order of the Sun of PeruGrand Crosses of the National Order of Honour and MeritGrand Crosses of the Order of Christ (Portugal)Grand Crosses of the Order of the Tower and SwordGrand Crosses Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of GermanyHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St GeorgeHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the BathHonorary Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian OrderHonorary Recipients of the Order of the Crown of the RealmKnights Grand Cross of the Military William OrderKnights of Pius IXKnights of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of NassauRecipients of the National Order of VietnamRecipients of the Order of Menelik IIRecipients of the Order of Merit for National FoundationRecipients of the Order of Polonia RestitutaRecipients of the Order of Saints Maurice and LazarusRecipients of the Order of SolomonRecipients of the Order of the Condor of the AndesRecipients of the Order of the Liberator General San MartinRecipients of the Order of the Star of EthiopiaRecipients of the Order of the Star of GhanaRecipients of the Royal Victorian ChainRecipients of Thiri Thudhamma ThingahaPeople of the Second Italo-Ethiopian WarPeople considered avatars by their followersPeople from Oromia RegionRecipients of the Silver World AwardHidden categories: Articles containing Ge'ez-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2012Articles with unsourced statements from August 2016Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownCS1 Dutch-language sources (nl)Pages using infobox royalty with unknown parametersPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Amharic-language textUse dmy dates from April 2014Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from August 2016Articles with unsourced statements from May 2008Articles with unsourced statements from May 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीمصرىМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSoomaaligaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbáŽemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 22:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 




































Ras Tafari | RasTafari; Sons & Daughters | Pinterest | Ethiopia and African royalty
















































































Explore Haile Selassie, African Royalty, and more!Haile SelassieAfrican RoyaltyTribe Of JudahMost HighKing Of KingsAfrican HistoryBlack ManEmperorInForwardRas TafariSee MoreThe Funeral of Her Imperial Majesty Empress Menen Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia watches as his wife, Empress Menen Asfaw lies in state following her death in 1962. The Empress' crown sits on her coffin, and her various orders surround it as well. An officer holds open her gold embroidered red coronation umbrella.by skibriyeEmperor Haile Selassie I = H.I.M = Rastafari "Study and examine all but choose and follow the good" Emperor Haile Selassie IA Family portrait taken when the crown prince Asafa Wossen was only a small boy.King of Ethiopia - Haile Selassie I - Africa's last Emperorby RasMarley#Ethiopia #Empress Menen www.rootsethiopia.orgby KeystoneHIM The Conquering Lion Of JudahSilver Jubilee Entrance The Emperor Haile Selassie and Empress Menen of Ethiopia during the celebration of their Silver Jubilee in November 1955. The Empress' train is held by her granddaughters, Princess Hirut Desta and Princess Seble Desta.by skibriyeHis Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I, JAH Ras TafariPinterestSearchfacebookLog in with FacebookLog in with GooglePrivacy







3d189b3a56592feb64849e7f2ce1d76d









July 2013 – Ras Tafari Renaissance











































Ras Tafari Renaissance
A Site For The Blind I'yz








					Month: July 2013 



46th Parsha Study: Ras Tafari Renaissance Revelations

July 28, 2013July 28, 2013Lidj Yefdi
Leave a comment



 

Greetings in the name of His & Her Imperial Majesties Qedamawi Haile Sellassie I & Itege Menen Asfaw,

I welcome you all to one of the many interpretations of the Scriptures from the light of Ras Tafari by, I, Lidj Yefdi (pronounced Lij, Yef-dee).
I assure you that if you are patient with me, come with a willing mind and heart(ready to learn), you will receive more than what you might have asked for, in seeking the perspective of a Ras Tafarian’s I-sight (eyesight) into the study of the Scriptures.
So,with this Hebrew Shabbot(or Sabbath day) if those who actually open up their Bibles to read in a Jewish/Hebrew cycle of readings, & thoroughly discern, more than likely have come to the Torah portion of Ækeb(Ekev/Eiqeb)- עֵקֶב .  On the Jewish or Hebraic Calendar in this year 5773, this Sabbath day would probably fall on the 19th-יט , & the 20th-כ , day of the Hebrew month of Ab(v)-אב , for this week, in this mode of study; for those out in the diaspora or outside of Jerusalem/Israel.  (The Hebrew Calendar corresponds to a Lunar cycle of the Moon) &, from an Ethiopic-Christian perspective and calculation these readings from the Scriptures would align to what is also known as Indeeh’m Y’honal-እንዲህም ይሆናል, also for the 19th-፲፱, & the 20th-፳,  days of the ወርኀ(month) of ሐምሌ(Hámlæ).  The Ethiopic calendar is solar (with its correspondence to the Sun) aligns to this Sabbath (or Senbet-ሰንበት) in the Ethiopian language of Amharic, which is currently one of the languages of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church(the other language being Ge’ez-(ግእዝ). 
Readings:
Deuteronomy 7:12- 11:25
Isaiah 49:14- 51:3
Hebrews 11: 8-11
Romans 8: 31-39
 
Before going forward with this week’s parsha study, we should take an in-depth look at the name of the portion, for this week: Ækeb (Ekev/Eiqeb)-עֵקֶב= other various phonetic pronunciations).  
The significance of this parsha’s name, should be a notated because the resemblance it has to Isaac’s son, Jacob, brother of Esau; in the Amharic & Hebrew languages.

Finding relations to the parsha for this week and the name, Jacob, will be very telling; in the order of over-standing(“understanding”) where this portion of the Scriptures intends to enlighten the mind.
With this said, let us begin our comprehensive reflection on the study of the Scripture lesson.  The beginning of the readings of Deuteronomy, begin with Moses speaking to the children of Israel, instructing them in the way God commanded him.  Moses is to teach the people of the blessings for obedience to God, his commandments, laws, and statutes, also the directions for taking possession of the Land of Promise.

After Moses receives the instructions from God to teach the children of Israel, he then instructs them, insuring that they know they should observe and do them, for things to go well & in their favor. (pertaining to God)  God, in turn, will not only bring them into the land but, will bless them abundantly.
[Deut. 7: 12-26]
Warnings and exhortations were given to the children of Israel, in the sense of them taking advantage of pursuing the inheritance, that was a covenant between God, Abraham, Isaac, & Jacob.  
[Deut. 8: 1-20]
“…A land of wheat, and barley, and vines, and fig trees, and pomegranates; a land of oil olive, and honey;…” [Deut. 8:8]
Israel, after receiving instruction was to then, go over the river Jordan to possess the land, & drive out those who would not dwell peaceably with them.  For God strove against the wickedness of other nations.
[Deut. 9: 1-5]
Crossing Over Jordan _[Deut. 9:1]
But even with all of this brewing in good favor for the children of Israel, they stray from the path which should have led straightway to the fullness of JAH(God)’s grace and blessing .  But, because Israel is & always has been a “stiffnecked people,” Moses has to plead a case to God for the children of Israel.  God had sought to utterly destroy the children of Israel for their constant disobedience.  Moses, intercedes for Israel for they had brought nearly about God’s wrath upon them.  Recalling the time at Horeb, Israel making a molten image to worship, and provoked God to anger so much so, that God prepared obliterate them & make a nation out of Moses [& Tsipporah].  (new nation: hence, the Ethio-Hebrews, that would later come with Sheba & Solomon, in spite of the various surrounding happenings)  For Moses’ sake, God’s wrath was turned away from Israel.
[Deut. 9: 6-29]
painting by Gustave Dore
After this God told Moses, to hew two stone tablets, for the words which were on the set before them, Moses broke for he waxed hot in anger towards Israel for their stubbornness and disobedience to God ‘s laws.  Along with these, was a wooden ark made to be put into the Ark of the Covenant.  So the words of the Sinaitic Covenant were restored.
[Deut. 10: 1-5]

For the children of Israel to dwell in the Land of Promise, in peace and prosperity, observation and the diligence to keep the laws, commandments , and statutes of God was a vital part of the covenant between Israel & their God.  Obedience would bring forth favor, protection, and abundance.
[Deut. 10: 6- 11:25]




African Unity and Pan-Africanism without Acknowledging the Role of Ethiopia and Emperor Haile Selassie is a Tree Without Roots

July 23, 2013Lidj Yefdi
1 Comment



 Littleethiopia.org
“The Father of Africa”, by Kwasi Osei Bonsu, Esq.
On May 25th 2013, the African Union (AU) celebrated 50 years since the formation of the Organization of African Unity (OAU). It was May 25, 1963, that 32 independent African nations came together against tremendous odds in the mountain city of Addis Ababa (7546 feet above sea level) to establish the OAU.  Given the history of colonialism and the divide and rule policies that infected modern Africa, it was a feat of biblical proportions. Accordingly, the architect behind this historic meeting was His Imperial Majesty (H.I.M.) Emperor Haile Selassie I, acknowledged by the world as the 225th descendant of King Solomon, through his union with Empress Makeda of Ethiopia (this assertion was reflected in Ethiopia’s Revised Constitution of 1955).
  Some critics and academics say that His Imperial Majesty was late to the concept of African Unity and Pan-Africanism, and that…
View original post 2,770 more words 



45th Parsha Study: Ras Tafari Renaissance Revelations

July 21, 2013July 22, 2013Lidj Yefdi
Leave a comment



 

Greetings in the name of His & Her Imperial Majesties Qedamawi Haile Sellassie I & Itege Menen Asfaw,

I welcome you all to one of the many interpretations of the Scriptures from the light of Ras Tafari by, I, Lidj Yefdi (pronounced Lij, Yef-dee).
I assure you that if you are patient with me, come with a willing mind and heart(ready to learn), you will receive more than what you might have asked for, in seeking the perspective of a Ras Tafarian’s I-sight (eyesight) into the study of the Scriptures.
So,with this Hebrew Shabbot(or Sabbath day) if those who actually open up their Bibles to read in a Jewish/Hebrew cycle of readings, & thoroughly discern, more than likely have come to the Torah portion of W(v)a’etKH’anan-וָאֶתְחַנַּן . On the Jewish or Hebraic Calendar in this year 5773, this Sabbath day would probably fall on the 12th-יב , & the 13th-יג , day of the Hebrew month of Ab(v)-אב , for this week, in this mode of study; for those out in the diaspora or outside of Jerusalem/Israel.  (The Hebrew Calendar corresponds to a Lunar cycle of the Moon) &, from an Ethiopic-Christian perspective and calculation these readings from the Scriptures would align to what is also known as Lemenhu-ለመንሁ, also for the 12th-(፲፪) & the 13th-(፲፫),  days of the ወርኀ(month) of ሐምሌ(Hámlæ).  The Ethiopic calendar is solar (with its correspondence to the Sun) aligns to this Sabbath (or Senbet-ሰንበት) in the Ethiopian language of Amharic, which is currently one of the languages of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church(the other language being Ge’ez-(ግእዝ).
Readings:
Deuteronomy 3:23- 7:11
Isaiah 40: 1-26
Matthew 23: 31-39
Mark 12: 28-34
In this second reading of the Book of Deuteronomy, Moses pleads with God for a chance to see the Land of Promise.(Wa’etKH’anan-“& I Pleaded“)
& I Pleaded-ለመንሁ-וָאֶתְחַנַּן
Moses knowing that though God favored him in grace, he was still displeased with the Striking of the Rock at the Waters of Maribah.  For his disobedience and the disobedience of the children of Israel that came out of Egypt during the “Exodus,” he remembers that God said that he, along with that generation would not enter into the Promised Land.
[Deut. 3: 23-27 ]

God allows Moses to go up atop Pisgah, & views the land, but God also instructs Moses to encourage Joshua, because he shall lead the children of Israel in to the land.
[Deut. 3: 28 & 29]
Moses is also instructed by God to stress the emphasis on keeping God’s laws, statutes, commandments, & judgments that they were taught.  The children of Israel were to hearken to those laws & teach them to the children, also the following generations.  The children of Israel were to never turn to worship the works of the hands(or idols).
[Deut. 4: 1-22]
The children of Israel were instructed to heed of the covenant with God, which they received at Mount Sinai.  Failure to do so would result in the punishments or judgments, for disobedience.(ie; the scattering of the people among many other nations, and serving idol gods, etc.{Duet. 4: 27 & 28})
[Deut. 4: 23-40]
Deut. 4: 26-31 (…the LORD will scatter you among the nations…)
Moses, then set up the Cities of Refuge, which God had command bet put in place.  So, Moses severed three cities: Bezer, in the wilderness, Ramoth, in Gilead, & Golan, in Bashan.[Deut. 4: 41-49]
Cities of Refuge-East of the Jordan River (Golan, Ramoth, & Bezer) [Deut 4: 41-44]
& Moses also reminded the children of Israel of the covenant, which God made with them, while they were at the mountain of Sinai.  Whereas, the Decalogue was iterated to them as apart of the laws, statutes, commandments and judgments, they were to keep & teach to the following generations.
[Deut. 5]

All the laws, statutes, commandments and judgments of God, were the children of Israel to learn, & teach to their children.  Even the Word of Witness(or the Shem’a), they were to hear, observe & do; that it would be well with the, and that they would increase in the Land of Promise.
[Deut. 6]
{THE WORD OF WITNESS/the SHEM’A}


& with the Word of Witness, the children of Israel were given, they were also instructed to love God with all their heart, soul, & strength(might). [Christ says; heart, soul, mind & strength (Mk. 12: 30)]  & they were to love their neighbors, as themselves, having these words not only come from their mouths, but be in their hearts.
(see. Apostles ask CHRIST of the 1st Commandment of all[vr.28], & CHRIST tells the first & second Greatest Commandments.[vrs.29-31]  Mk. 12: 28-34/Brit KH’adashah-Haddis Kidan)
[Deut. 6: 1-6]
Deuteronomy 6: 7 & 8
When the children of Israel were to come into the land, keeping all of the laws, statutes, commandments, & judgments of God; they were to drive out nations like; the Hittites, Girgashites, Amorites, Canaanites, Perizzites, Hivites, & the Jebusites from among them.  The children of Israel were to have dealings with them, as well.
[Deut. 7: 1-11]




** Tisha B’ab – The Ninth of the month of Ab **

July 16, 2013Lidj Yefdi
Leave a comment



 

Greetings in the name of His & Her Imperial Majesties Qedamawi Haile Sellassie I & Itege Menen Asfaw,



I welcome you all to yet another post here at Ras Tafari Renaissance. I also thank everyone who has supported the efforts put forth here.  I, Lidj Yefdi, on behalf of Ras Tafari Renaissance, offer the utmost gratitude.

 Today, we as Ras Tafari should learn from the happenings of this day in history.  On the Hebraic/Jewish Calendar, today marks the destruction of the Second Temple of Jerusalem & the scattering of the Hebrew people among many other nations.  The Romans, under Titus(Titus Flavius Caesar Vespasianus Augustus) took Jerusalem after a rebellion of the Hebrew people. (70 AD)
http://www.jewishencyclopedia.com/articles/110-ab-ninth-day-of
http://www.chabad.org/library/article_cdo/aid/149580/jewish/The-Laws-of-Mourning.htm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege_of_Jerusalem_%2870%29



These events led to the disorientation of the Hebrew people, as a whole, but only came because of their disobedience to the Laws, God had for Israel. (ie. idols, corruption-spiritually and morally…)

Readings: for Tisha B’ab
(morning)
Deut. 4: 25-40
Jer. 8: 13- 9:23
Mat. 3: 11-17

(evening)
Ex. 32: 11-14
Ex. 34: 1-10
Isa. 55: 6- 56:8
Lamentations
Mat. 23: 16-23
Mat. 24: 1,2
Painting of the Temple of Jerusalem in the Brooklyn Museum by James Tissot

“…those who mourn for Jerusalem…”
Isaiah 66:10
Ezekiel 9:4
Matthew 5:4
Romans 12:15



*Notes
The questions of the authenticity of certain Jewish/Hebrew people has been a very intricate question, even for those who seem to be the learned in the Hebraic Laws, history & Torah(or the Scriptures); but Ras Tafari Renaissance seeks to aid in the proper education and dissemination of the truth about topics within our reach, by JAH(God)’s grace.
…with that said…
COULD THE DESTRUCTION/SIEGE OF THE TEMPLE OF JERUSALEM, BE A PRECURSOR TO THE VALIDITY IN HISTORY AND FACT, OF HEBRAIC PEOPLES OUTSIDE OF THE MAINSTREAM? 
1) Lemba people in South Africa-Malawi-Zimbabwe(respectively)
2) Mizhrahi Jews of Persia/Iran-various other lands(respectively)
3) Moroccan Jews
4) Ebo/Igbo people-Nigerian Jews
5) Sephardim- Spanish Jews
6) Abayudaya people-Uganda
7) Bilad el-Soudan- West African Jew-various countries(respectively)
8) Beta Israel- Ethiopian Jews




44th Parsha Study: Ras Tafari Revelations

July 14, 2013Lidj Yefdi
Leave a comment



 

Greetings in the name of His & Her Imperial Majesties Qedamawi Haile Sellassie I & Itege Menen Asfaw,


I welcome you all to one of the many interpretations of the Scriptures from the light of Ras Tafari by, I, Lidj Yefdi (pronounced Lij, Yef-dee).
I assure you that if you are patient with me, come with a willing mind and heart(ready to learn), you will receive more than what you might have asked for, in seeking the perspective of a Ras Tafarian’s I-sight (eyesight) into the study of the Scriptures.
So,with this Hebrew Shabbot(or Sabbath day) if those who actually open up their Bibles to read in a Jewish/Hebrew cycle of readings, & thoroughly discern, more than likely have come to the Torah portion of Deb(v)arïm-דְּבָרִים , From the Jewish or Hebraic Calendar in the year 5773, this Sabbath day would probably fall on the 5th-ה , & the 6th-ו , day of the Hebrew month of Ab(v)-אב ,[new month began this past Monday], for this week, in this mode of study; for those out in the diaspora or outside of Jerusalem or Israel.  (The Hebrew Calendar corresponds to a Lunar cycle of the Moon) &, from an Ethiopic-Christian perspective and calculation these readings from the Scriptures would align to what is also known as YeNegěrach’hu Q’al Yih’ New-የነገራችሁ ቃል ይህ ነው, also for the 5th(፭) & 6th(፮), days of the ወርኀ(month) of ሐምሌ(Hámlæ)-[new month began this past Monday].  The Ethiopic calendar, which is solar (with its correspondence to the Sun) aligns to this Sabbath (or Senbet-ሰንበት) in the Ethiopian language of Amharic which is currently one of the languages of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church(the other language being Ge’ez-(ግእዝ).

Readings:
Deuteronomy 1:1- 3:22
Isaiah 1: 1-27
Acts 9: 1-21
I Timothy 3: 1-7

We’ve come, to the final book of the Torah.  So, we begin this last book of the Scriptures with the words of Moses, as he speak to the children of Israel.
[Duet. 1: 1-3]

Linguistic Study of the Hebrew word Deb(v)arim, [from Paleo HBRW-to-Modern]_ composed by torahtothetribes.com

In the portion of the scriptures Moses, begins to tell the children of Israel, their story which they have lived out since the “Exodus.”(or exit/coming out of Egypt & the wandering in the wilderness)  On the eastern side of the Jordan river, in the plains, Moses spoke on a number of subjects.  Including: the kings of the lands, which sought the destruction of the children of Israel, & how God spoke to him, instructing him to lead the Israel, onward.
[Deut. 1: 4-8]

painting by Tissot

Moses, spoke to the children of Israel on how God, blessed & multipled their numbers, while travailing through the toils of the journey in the wilderness.  He also mentioned how the appointing of the judges(captains, princes/chiefs) of Israel was a significant moment for the children of Israel, seeing as how Moses’, father-in-law, Jethro saw that Moses discerned matters of concern among all of Israel, alone.  From that moment on, Jethro advised Moses by the grace of God, to appoint heads of each tribe, to handle certain matters within certain subjects & to bring the matters of great concern to Moses; for he would be consulted of God on the greater issues of concern for Israel.
[Deut. 1: 9-18]

Jethro & Moses
The murmuring disobedience of the children of Israel, which led to the seemingly endless wandering in the wilderness, was also topic of discussion from Moses to Israel.  Even with the power of God working in & through, the children of Israel, there were always those that failed to yield to the Word(John 1:1), but God kept Israel, through; upholding the covenant to the Israel’s forefathers.  Though, from generation-to-generation some had wavered; the promise was Israel’s to keep. (ie. the generations of Caleb ben Jephunneh & Joshua ben Nun)
[Deut. 1: 19-46]

Moses-ሙሴ-מושה

While in the wilderness, the children of Israel, encounter many peoples not of their patterns of living.  So, in attempting to peacefully go about their way, the children of Israel, experience strife from others, who seek to send them into disarray.  (for example: the Moabites, Amorites, Midianites, etc…)
[Deut. 2: 1-9 (Moabites)]; [Deut. 2: 10-15 (children of Anak)];
[Deut. 2: 16-23 (Ammonites)]; [Deut. 2: 24-37 (Amorites)]

Moses Speak to Israel _ art composed by Henri Felix Emmanuel Philippoteaux (ca.19th century)

Even to the king of Bashan, with the battle of Edrei, did the children of Israel triumph in the wilderness over their adversaries.  Upon victory, the children of Israel, gained the lands, cattle, and many other possessions of their enemies and divided all among themselves; so that none of them would want for anything. However, the children of tribes of Reuben, & Gad appealed to Moses and the Princes of Israel for land adequate for the large amounts of cattle they now possessed.  The children of the half-tribe of Manasseh, also laid hold to their inheritance, by way of the Daughters of Zelophehad, who plead for their father’s portion among his brethren.
(for he had no son, to possess his holdings; so be it the Law was made fit for the Daughters, whom were not married, but were bound by lineage to Israel.)

The Allotted Land of Canaan; with suggested dwellings of the Twelve Tribes of Israel‘s portions




42nd & 43rd Parsha Study: Ras Tafari Renaissance Revelations

July 7, 2013July 26, 2014Lidj Yefdi
Leave a comment



 

Greetings in the name of His & Her Imperial Majesties Qedamawi Haile Sellassie I & Itege Menen Asfaw,

I welcome you all to one of the many interpretations of the Scriptures from the light of Ras Tafari by, I, Lidj Yefdi (pronounced Lij, Yef-dee).
I assure you that if you are patient with me, come with a willing mind and heart(ready to learn), you will receive more than what you might have asked for, in seeking the perspective of a Ras Tafarian’s I-sight (eyesight) into the study of the Scriptures.
So,with this Hebrew Shabbot(or Sabbath day) if those who actually open up their Bibles to read in a Jewish/Hebrew cycle of readings, & thoroughly discern, more than likely have come to the Torah portion of Matōt-מַּטּוֹת , From the Jewish or Hebraic Calendar in the year 5773, this Sabbath day would probably fall on the 27th-כז ,  &
28th-כח , of the month of Tammuz-תמוז, for this week, in this mode of study; for those out in the diaspora or outside of Jerusalem or Israel.  (The Hebrew Calendar corresponds to a Lunar cycle of the Moon) &, from an Ethiopic-Christian perspective and calculation these readings from the Scriptures would align to what is also known as Négédōch-ነገዶች , for the 27th(፳፯) & 28th(፳፰) days of the ወርኀ(month), ሰኔ(Seney).  The Ethiopic calendar, which is solar (with its correspondence to the Sun) aligns to this Sabbath (or Senbet-ሰንበት) in the Ethiopian language of Amharic which is currently one of the languages of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church(the other language being Ge’ez-ግእዝ).
Readings:
Numbers 30:2- 32:42
Jeremiah 1:1- 2:3
Matthew 5: 33-37
To follow up the last parsha(portion) of the Scripture study, we’ve now to come to Mattot/Matot-Negedoch, which both the Hebrew & Amharic words could be equivalent to “Tribes” in the English.
At this point, Moses speaks to the heads of the tribes of Israel, on what God spoke about pertaining to vows.  When one of the children of Israel, were to make a vow or swear an oath to God, they were to uphold the words of that vow/oath.
If men were to make vows/oaths,(especially to God) they were to speak those words, which consisted of it and keep those words, which they had spoken.  [Numb. 30: 2-16]
If women were to make vows/oaths,(especially to God) even in the house of their fathers; if the father heard the vow & didn’t speak against it, then vow/(s) would stand & she would have to be completely responsible for every word of her vow/oath; the same applied if the woman had a husband, as well. [Numb. 30: 3-16]
{-when the Bible speak on these vows, it shows the countenance of the Hebrew men, willing to take on the burdens of accountability & responsibility for the women of their congregation.  Though women, could make oaths/vows, they were only held fully accountable; 1) if their father or husbands would allow them to take on the burdens of fulfilling a vow/oath, seeing as how Hebrew men & men in general, would rather shoulder a burden/(s) for their households than see their women bear those strenuous experiences.  But women, of course, were free to choose to bear those burdens or not.  2) including those women who were widowed, & those that happened to be divorced) 

God then spoke to Moses, to prepare the children of Israel, to avenge themselves, and those they lost during the plague, for the troubles that the Midianites brought upon them at the sin of Baal-Peor. (those Midianites that sought to destroy them along with the Moabites of Balak; ref. 41st Parsha Study), Moses sent a thousand, of each tribe of Israel along with Phineas. (son of Eleazar, grandson of Aaron) So, Israel warred against Midian & overtook them.
[Numb. 31: 1-24]
A general presumption of the whereabouts of Midian
The remains of Midian were shared among the children of Israel.  The cattle, riches, estates, and land; divided it all among the tribes.  The children of Israel even made an offering to God, for their triumph, for every one of them that took up arms had enough to spread/share among themselves.
[Numb. 31: 25-54]
pic. provided by the American Bible Society
Now, the children of the tribes of Reuben & Gad, came to Moses, Eleazar, and the princes of the congregation vying for land from the parts of Israel jouney to the land of Canaan.  Though, the tribes of Reuben and Gad grew, and had much cattle, they sought to utilize the cattle in the part of the land that, seemingly was fit raising and maintaining the like.
[Numbers Chpt. 32]
The children of the tribes of Gad & Reuben speak with Moses, on issues of Land _ painting by Aurthur Boyd Houghton


*DOUBLE-PORTION* 
Mattot-Masei, as parsha studies are joined together for this year count of readings.

Readings:
Numbers 33:1- 36:13
Jeremiah 2: 4-28; chpt. 3:4
James 4: 1-12

So, these readings for Masei-מַסְעֵי , will be read in conjunction with the previous readings for Matōt; in the Hebrew Torah alignment.  These Scriptures in the Ethiopic-Christian sense, come to us as, Gūzō-ጉዞ.

So, as we continue in our studies, in preparation of the conclusion of the Bible’s Book of Numbers; the journeys from out of Egypt to the land of Canaan is shown again to us, to retrace the steps of the children of Israel.  From Rămesēs to Succoth, in and around the fifthteenth day of the Hebrews’ first month, Israel journeyed out of Egypt.
[Numb. 33: 1-49]

one of the closet assumptions for the Exodus of the children of Israel out of Egypt.

Then God gave specific instructions for taking possession of the land which was promised.  In the plains of Moab, God spoke these words to Moses, for him to tell the children of Israel.
[Numb. 33: 50-56]

More instructions were explained, with the extent of specifying the borders of the land, and the portions which would be apportioned to each tribe.
[Numbers Chpt. 34]

Now, God also spoke to Moses about preserving things for the tribe of Le(w)vi, seeing as how God had placed on them, that they should not be apportioned land in the same sense as the rest of the tribes. (along with other aspects) The Levites were given portions of land which were adjacent to the rest of the tribes and their possessions of land.
[Numb. 35: 1-8]

With the setting up of, certain places for the tribe of Le(w)vi, there also had to be a setting up of places for refuge/cities of refuge.  These cities of refuge were to be places of solitude, but most of all they were to be places of judgment to hold people accountable for their actions in this land which had been given the Hebrews.
[Numb. 35: 9-34]


Now, remembering the daughters of Zelophehad, who came before the congregation to vie for the inheritance of their father, for he died and bear no son to inherit his due property, as a son of Israel.  Zelophehad’s five daughters appealed to received his portion as their due inheritance, and Moses, after consultation of God, along with the congregation granted that the daughters of Zelophehad, take up their father’s possessions as their own.   But of course, the responsibility as daughters of Israel, were to be upheld in the taking up of inheritance among the Hebrews.
[Numb. 36: 1-13]

(digital patch-work version) of the painting from PhinKH’as parsha-#41. Daughters of Zelophehad appeal to Moses & the congregation of Israel. _artist unknown; but Ras Tafari Renaissance truly appreciates the beauty of the artwork; artist/creator, Please, come forward to be acknowledged of your work?!







Search for:



  Recent Posts 

♔ HIM✤QHS ♔


RSS#42 & #43 (ነገዶች – ጉዞ/ מַסְעֵי – מַטּוֹת)


RSS#41 ( ፊንሐስ / פִּינְחָס )


RSS#40 ( ባላቅ / בָּלָק )


RSS#39 ( የሕጉ ትእዛዝ ይህ ነው / חֻקַּת )


 Rasta WifelineLion of Judah Society, Inc.Discipleship Radi0 (blogtalkradio)RasTafari.TVLittle Ethiopia (wordpress blog)Peter Sun’s Import/Export Training BlueprintFrinds of Fairfield House (Bath, England)Zone 9’ersIniversal Development of Ras TafariRas Tafari GardeningBeta Israel of North America Scourby (voice recordings reading the KJV Holy BibleWord Sound Power Collective (Elders’ Security Initiative)Ghion Journal & CastAmharic-English dictionary (Abyssinica)



Archives (RRR-LOJS) Archives (RRR-LOJS)

Select Month
 July 2017  (4)
 June 2017  (6)
 May 2017  (7)
 April 2017  (9)
 March 2017  (8)
 February 2017  (5)
 January 2017  (7)
 December 2016  (5)
 November 2016  (6)
 October 2016  (8)
 September 2016  (6)
 August 2016  (5)
 July 2016  (6)
 June 2016  (7)
 May 2016  (5)
 April 2016  (5)
 March 2016  (7)
 February 2016  (4)
 January 2016  (7)
 December 2015  (5)
 November 2015  (5)
 October 2015  (8)
 September 2015  (9)
 August 2015  (4)
 July 2015  (6)
 June 2015  (4)
 May 2015  (8)
 April 2015  (8)
 March 2015  (6)
 February 2015  (4)
 January 2015  (7)
 December 2014  (6)
 November 2014  (6)
 October 2014  (8)
 September 2014  (8)
 August 2014  (6)
 July 2014  (5)
 June 2014  (4)
 May 2014  (4)
 April 2014  (5)
 March 2014  (5)
 February 2014  (4)
 January 2014  (5)
 December 2013  (6)
 November 2013  (4)
 October 2013  (4)
 September 2013  (4)
 August 2013  (5)
 July 2013  (6)
 June 2013  (6)
 May 2013  (8)
 April 2013  (5)
 March 2013  (6)
 February 2013  (6)
 January 2013  (4)

 















Post to



Cancel







 







 










































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft







































Belonging to House of Solomon, Ras Tafari Makonnen, better known as Haile Selassie I was born to Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa and Weyziro, Yesh… | Pinteres…

















































































Explore Haile Selassie, African Royalty, and more!Explore related topicsHaile selassieEthiopiaEmperorHistoryAfrican royaltyHaile SelassieAfrican RoyaltyKing Of KingsAfrican HistoryEthiopiaPhotography PortraitsPeopleTribe Of JudahAddis AbabaForwardBelonging to House of Solomon, Ras Tafari Makonnen, better known as Haile Selassie I was born to Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa and Weyziro, Yeshimebert Ali Abajifarin Ejersa Goro, Ethiopia on July12, 1892 and died in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on August 27, 1975 at the age of 83. He was Regent of Ethiopia from 1916 to 1930 and Emperor of Ethiopia from 1930 to 1974.See MoreYuri KochiyamaHuman Rights ActivistsBlack Panther PartyHistorical WomenJapanese AmericanAsian AmericanAmerican HistoryBlack PanthersInspiring WomenForwardYuri Kochiyama, Japanese-American activist, Malcolm X Ally and a former member of the Black Panther Party has died at the age of 93. She spent two years in an internment camp and helped win reparations for Japanese-Americans.See MoreAfrican TribesAfrican CountriesBeautiful PeopleBeautiful ThingsIs BeautifulAmazing PeopleBeautiful WorldGood PeopleReal PeopleForwardLove it!See MoreHaile SelassieKing SolomonEthiopiaAfrican ArtThe QueenKnightLast EmperorThe EmperorJah RastafariForwardEmperor Haile Selassie I = H.I.M = Rastafari "Study and examine all but choose and follow the good" Emperor Haile Selassie ISee MoreBlack LeadersHaile SelassieEthiopiaEmperorRootsLordPrinceAfricaQueenForwardHis Majesty Haile SelassieHaile SelassieAfrican RoyaltyAfrican HistoryEthiopiaLionLast EmperorThe EmperorBlack SkinheadEnglish RoyaltyForwardKing of Ethiopia - Haile Selassie I - Africa's last Emperor & Empress MenenSee MoreJomo KenyattaHaile SelassieAfrican RoyaltyModern HistoryAfrican American HistoryWorld HistoryEthiopiaPresidentsAfrican LeopardForwardHaileselassie I of Ethiopia and Jomo Kenyatta of Kenya - 1973.See MoreHaile SelassieAfrican RoyaltyKing SolomonThe HeirsAfrican DiasporaAfrican American HistoryAmerican ArtBlack PeopleEthiopiaForwardHaile Selassie "Power of the Trinity" (23 July 1892 – 27 August 1975), born Tafari Makonnen,[2] was Ethiopia's regent from 1916 to 1930 and Emperor of Ethiopia from 1930 to 1974.See MoreLast EmperorThe EmperorHaile SelassieAfrican RoyaltyKing Of KingsAfrican HistoryEthiopiaLionCultureForwardKing of Ethiopia - Haile Selassie I - Africa's last EmperorSee MoreHaile SelassieAfrican RoyaltyAddis AbabaAfrican HistoryEthiopiaStreet PhotographyThe QueenEmperorLion Of JudahForwardHaile Selassie, Emperor of EthiopiaSee MorePinterestSearchfacebookLog in with FacebookContinue with GooglePrivacy







3d189b3a56592feb64849e7f2ce1d76d











Haile Selassie I - The Full Wiki

















 
  Wikis


  Search














The Full Wiki			


Search:




	
			
									Advertisements

 

More info on Haile Selassie I



  Wikis
Encyclopedia

Name
Biography

Early life
Governorship
Regency

Travel abroad

King and Emperor
Conflict with Italy

Mobilization
Progress of the war
Exile debate
Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936
Exile

1940s and 1950s
1960s
1970s

Wollo Famine
Revolution


Imprisonment

Death and internment

Children
Rastafari Messiah

Haile Selassie's attitude to the Rastafari

Famous quotations
Honours
Ancestry
See also
Notes
References
External links


Related topics






Related topics



Haile Selassie of Ethiopia




Haile Selassie




Amha Selassie




Rastafari movement




Menen Asfaw




Princess Tenagnework















Haile Selassie I: Wikis






Advertisements

 




Note: Many of our articles have direct quotes from sources you can cite, within the Wikipedia article! This article doesn't yet, but we're working on it! See more info or our list of citable articles. 

Related top topics

Rastafari movement 



Menen Asfaw 



Princess Tenagnework 






Encyclopedia




 (Redirected to Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia article)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Not to be confused with Haile Gebrselassie.







This article contains Ethiopic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols instead of Ethiopic characters.




Haile Selassie I






Emperor of Ethiopia



Reign
2 November 1930–12 September 1974 (&0000000000000043.00000043 years, &0000000000000314.000000314 days)


Coronation
2 November 1930


Predecessor
Zewditu I


Successor
De jure Amha Selassie I (crowned in exile)



Head of State of Ethiopia



Predecessor
Zewditu I


Successor
Aman Andom (as Chairman of the Derg)





Spouse
Empress Menen


Issue


Princess Romanework
Princess Tenagnework
Asfaw Wossen
Princess Zenebework
Princess Tsehai
Prince Makonnen
Prince Sahle Selassie


Full name


Ras Tafari Makonnen


House
House of Solomon


Father
Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa


Mother
Weyziro Yeshimebet Ali Abajifar


Born
23 July 1892(1892-07-23)
Ejersa Goro,  Ethiopia


Died
27 August 1975 (aged 83)
Addis Ababa,  Ethiopia


Religion
Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo





Rastafari movement




Main doctrines


Jah · Afrocentrism · Ital · Zion


Central figures



Jesus Christ · Queen of Sheba · King Solomon · Haile Selassie · Andre Clayton · Leonard Howell · God



Key scriptures


Bible · Kebra Nagast · The Promise Key · Holy Piby · My Life and Ethiopia's Progress · Royal Parchment Scroll of Black Supremacy


Branches and festivals


Mansions · United States · Shashamane · Grounation Day


Notable individuals


Bob Marley · Peter Tosh · Walter Rodney · Mutabaruka · Benjamin Zephaniah


See also:


Vocabulary · Persecution · Dreadlocks · Reggae · Ethiopian Christianity · Index of Rastafari articles

This box: view • talk • edit




Haile Selassie I (Ge'ez: ኃይለ፡ ሥላሴ, "Power of the Trinity";[1]) (23 July 1892 – 27 August 1975), born Tafari Makonnen,[2] was Ethiopia's regent from 1916 to 1930 and Emperor of Ethiopia from 1930 to 1974. The heir to a dynasty that traced its origins to the 13th century, and from there by tradition back to King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba, Haile Selassie is a defining figure in both Ethiopian and African history.[3][4]
At the League of Nations in 1936, the Emperor condemned the use of chemical weapons by Italy against his people.[5] His internationalist views led to Ethiopia becoming a charter member of the United Nations, and his political thought and experience in promoting multilateralism and collective security have proved seminal and enduring.[6] His suppression of rebellions among the nobles (mekwannint), as well as what some perceived to be Ethiopia's failure to modernize adequately,[7] earned him criticism among some contemporaries and historians.[8]
Haile Selassie is revered as God incarnate among the Rastafari movement, the number of followers is estimated between 200,000 and 800,000.[9][10] Begun in Jamaica in the 1930s, the Rastafarian movement perceives Haile Selassie as a messianic figure who will lead the peoples of Africa and the African diaspora to a golden age of peace, righteousness, and prosperity.[11]




Contents


1 Name
2 Biography

2.1 Early life
2.2 Governorship
2.3 Regency

2.3.1 Travel abroad


2.4 King and Emperor
2.5 Conflict with Italy

2.5.1 Mobilization
2.5.2 Progress of the war
2.5.3 Exile debate
2.5.4 Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936
2.5.5 Exile


2.6 1940s and 1950s
2.7 1960s
2.8 1970s

2.8.1 Wollo Famine
2.8.2 Revolution




3 Imprisonment

3.1 Death and internment


4 Children
5 Rastafari Messiah

5.1 Haile Selassie's attitude to the Rastafari


6 Famous quotations
7 Honours
8 Ancestry
9 See also
10 Notes
11 References
12 External links





Name
Haile Selassie was born Tafari Makonnen (Ge'ez ልጅ፡ ተፈሪ፡ መኮንን; Amharic pronunciation lij teferī mekōnnin). "Lij" translates literally to "child", and serves to indicate that a youth is of noble blood. He would later become Ras Tafari Makonnen; "Ras" translates literally to "head"[12] and is the equivalent of "duke",[13] though it is often rendered in translation as "prince". In 1928, he was elevated to Negus, "King".
Upon his ascension to Emperor in 1930, he took the name Haile Selassie, meaning "Power of the Trinity".[14] Haile Selassie's full title in office was "His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, and Elect of God" (Ge'ez ግርማዊ፡ ቀዳማዊ፡ አፄ፡ ኃይለ፡ ሥላሴ፡ ሞዓ፡ አንበሳ፡ ዘእምነገደ፡ ይሁዳ፡ ንጉሠ፡ ነገሥት፡ ዘኢትዮጵያ፡ ሰዩመ፡ እግዚአብሔር; girmāwī ḳadāmāwī 'aṣē ḫaile śelassie, mō'ā 'ambassā ze'imneggede yehūda negus negast ze'ītyōṗṗyā, tsehume 'igzī'a'bihēr). This title reflects Ethiopian dynastic traditions, which hold that all monarchs must trace their lineage back to Menelik I, who in the Ethiopian tradition was the offspring of King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba.[15]
To Ethiopians Haile Selassie has been known by many names, including Janhoy, Talaqu Meri, and Abba Tekel. The Rastafari employ many of these appellations, also referring to him as HIM, Jah, and Jah Rastafari.
Biography

Advertisements

Early life




Ras Makonnen, father of Haile Selassie I, in 1902


Haile Selassie I was born Tafari Makonnen from a mixed Oromo, Amhara, and Gurage[16] family on 23 July 1892, in the village of Ejersa Goro, in the Harar province of Ethiopia. His mother was Woizero ("Lady") Yeshimebet Ali Abajifar, daughter of the renowned Oromo ruler of Wollo province Dejazmach Ali Abajifar. Haile Selassie's father was Ras Makonnen Woldemikael Gudessa, the governor of Harar; Ras Makonnen served as a general in the First Italo–Ethiopian War, playing a key role at the Battle of Adwa.[17] He inherited his imperial blood through his paternal grandmother, Princess Tenagnework Sahle Selassie, who was an aunt of Emperor Menelik II, and as such asserted direct descent from Makeda, the Queen of Sheba, and King Solomon of ancient Israel.[18]
Ras Makonnen arranged for Tafari as well as his first cousin, Ras Imru Haile Selassie to receive instruction in Harar from Abba Samuel Wolde Kahin, an Ethiopian capuchin monk, and from Dr. Vitalien, a surgeon from Guadeloupe. Tafari was named Dejazmach (literally "commander of the gate", roughly equivalent to "count")[19] at the age of 13, on 1 November 1905.[20] Shortly thereafter, his father Ras Makonnen died at Kulibi, in 1906.[21]
Governorship
Tafari assumed the titular governorship of Selale in 1906, a realm of marginal importance[22] but one that enabled him to continue his studies.[20] In 1907, he was appointed governor over part of the province of Sidamo. It is alleged that during his late teens, Haile Selassie was married to Woizero Altayech, and that from this union, his daughter Romanework Haile Selassie was born.[23][24]
Following the death of his brother Yelma in 1907, the governorate of Harar was left vacant,[22] and its administration was left to Menelik's loyal general, Dejazmach Balcha Safo. Balcha Safo's administration of Harar was ineffective, and so during the last illness of Menelik II, and the brief reign of Empress Taitu Bitul, Tafari was made governor of Harar in 1910[21] or 1911.[16]
On 3 August he married Menen Asfaw of Ambassel, niece of heir to the throne Lij Iyasu.
Regency
The extent to which Tafari Makonnen contributed to the movement that would come to depose Iyasu V is unclear. Iyasu V, or Lij Iyasu, was the designated but uncrowned Emperor of Ethiopia from 1913 to 1916. Iyasu's reputation for scandalous behavior and a disrespectful attitude towards the nobles at the court of his grandfather, Menelik II,[25] damaged his reputation. His flirtation with Islam was considered treasonous among the Ethiopian Orthodox Christian leadership of the empire. On 27 September 1916, Iyasu was deposed.[26]
Contributing to the movement that deposed Iyasu were conservatives such as Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis, Menelik II's longtime Minister of War. The movement to depose Iyasu preferred Tafari, as he attracted support from both progressive and conservative factions. Ultimately, Iyasu was deposed on the grounds of conversion to Islam.[12][26] In his place, the daughter of Menelik II ( the aunt of Iyasu) was named Empress Zewditu and made Regent for Tafari during his minority. Tafari was elevated to the rank of Ras and was made heir apparent and Crown Prince. In the power arrangement that followed, Tafari accepted the role of Regent Plenipotentiary (Balemulu 'Inderase) and became the de facto ruler of the Ethiopian Empire (Mangista Ityop'p'ya). Zewditu would govern while Tafari would administer.[27]
While Iyasu had been deposed on 27 September 1916, on 8 October the coup d'etat went awry. Iyasu managed to escape into the Ogaden Desert and his father, Negus Mikael of Wollo, had time to come to his aid.[28] On 27 October, Negus Mikael and his army met an army under Fitawrari Habte Giyorgis loyal to Zewditu and Tafari. During the Battle of Segale, Negus Mikael was defeated and captured. Any chance that Iyasu would regain the throne was ended and he went into hiding. On 11 January 1921, after avoiding capture for about five years, Iyasu was taken into custody by Gugsa Araya Selassie.
On 11 February 1917, the coronation for Zewditu took place. She pledged to rule justly through her Regent, Tafari. While Tafari was the more visible of the two, Zewditu was far from an honorary ruler. Her position required that she arbitrate the claims of competing factions. In other words, she had the last word. Tafari carried the burden of daily administration but, because his position was relatively weak, this was often an exercise in futility for him. Initially his personal army was poorly equipped, his finances were limited, and he had little leverage to withstand the combined influence of the Empress, the Minister of War, or the provincial governors.[29]





Empress Zewditu, preceded Haile Selassie as Empress of Ethiopia from 1916 until her death in April 1930. He served as regent of Ethiopia during her reign.


During his Regency, the new Crown Prince developed the policy of cautious modernization initiated by Menelik II. He secured Ethiopia's admission to the League of Nations in 1923 by promising to eradicate slavery; each emperor since Tewodros II had issued proclamations to halt slavery,[30] but without effect: the internationally scorned practice persisted well into Haile Selassie's reign.[31]
Travel abroad
In 1924, Ras Tafari toured Europe and the Middle East visiting Jerusalem, Cairo, Alexandria, Brussels, Amsterdam, Stockholm, London, Geneva, and Athens. With him on his tour was a group that included Ras Seyum Mangasha of western Tigre Province, Ras Hailu Tekle Haymanot of Gojjam Province, Ras Mulugeta Yeggazu of Illubabor Province, Ras Makonnen Endelkachew, and Blattengeta Heruy Welde Sellase. The primary goal of the trip to Europe was for Ethiopia to gain access to the sea. In Paris, Tafari was to find out from the French Foreign Ministry (Quai d'Orsay) that this goal would not be realized.[32] However, failing this, he and his retinue inspected schools, hospitals, factories, and churches. Although patterning many reforms after European models, Tafari remained wary of European pressure. To guard against economic imperialism, Tafari required that all enterprises have at least partial local ownership.[33] Of his modernization campaign, he remarked, "We need European progress only because we are surrounded by it. That is at once a benefit and a misfortune."[34]
Throughout Ras Tafari's travels in Europe, the Levant, and Egypt, he and his entourage were greeted with enthusiasm and fascination. He was accompanied by Seyum Mangasha and Hailu Tekle Haymanot who, like Tafari, were sons of generals who contributed to the victorious war against Italy a quarter century earlier at the Battle of Adwa.[35] Another member of his entourage, Mulugeta Yeggazu, actually fought at Adwa as a young man. The "Oriental Dignity" of the Ethiopians [36] and their "rich, picturesque court dress"[37] were sensationalized in the media; among his entourage he even included a pride of lions, which he distributed as gifts to President Alexandre Millerand and Prime Minister Raymond Poincaré of France, to King George V of the United Kingdom, and to the Zoological Garden (Jardin Zoologique) of Paris.[35] As one historian noted, "Rarely can a tour have inspired so many anecdotes".[35] In return for two lions, the United Kingdom presented Ras Tafari with the imperial crown of Emperor Tewodros II for its safe return to Empress Zewditu. The crown had been taken by Robert Napier during the 1868 Expedition to Abyssinia.[38]
In this period, the Crown Prince visited the Armenian monastery of Jerusalem. There, he adopted 40 Armenian orphans (አርባ ልጆች Arba Lijoch, "forty children") who had escaped the Armenian genocide of the Ottoman Empire.[39] Ras Tafari arranged for the musical education of the youths, and they came to form the imperial brass band.[40]
King and Emperor
In 1928, the authority of Ras Tafari Makonnen was challenged when Dejazmatch Balcha Safo went to Addis Ababa with a sizeable armed force. When Tafari consolidated his hold over the provinces, many of Menilek's appointees refused to abide by the new regulations. Balcha Safo, Governor (Shum) of coffee-rich Sidamo Province was particularly troublesome. The revenues he remitted to the central government did not reflect the accrued profits and Tafari recalled him to Addis Ababa. The old man came in high dudgeon and, insultingly, with a large army.[nb 1] The Dejazmatch paid homage to Empress Zewditu, but snubbed Ras Tafari.[42][43] On 18 February, while Balcha Safo and his personal bodyguard[nb 2] were in Addis Ababa, Ras Tafari had Ras Kassa Haile Darge buy off his army and arrange to have him displaced as the Shum of Sidamo Province[45] by Birru Wolde Gabriel who himself was replaced by Desta Damtew.[46]





Cover of Time magazine, 3 November 1930


Even so, the gesture of Balcha Safo empowered Empress Zewditu politically and she attempted to have Tafari tried for treason. He was tried for his benevolent dealings with Italy including a 20-year peace accord which was signed on 2 August.[20] In September, a group of palace reactionaries including some of the courtiers of the Empress, made a final bid to get rid of Tafari. The attempted coup d'état was tragic in its origins and comic in its end. When confronted by Tafari and a company of his troops, the ringleaders of the coup took refuge on the palace grounds in Menilek's mausoleum. Tafari and his men surrounded them only to be surrounded themselves by the personal guard of Zewditu. More of Tafari's khaki clad soldiers arrived and, with superiority of arms, decided the outcome in his favor.[47] Popular support, as well as the support of the police,[42] remained with Tafari. Ultimately, the Empress relented and, on 7 October 1928, she crowned Tafari as Negus (Amharic: "King").
The crowning of Tafari as King was controversial. He occupied the same territory as the Empress rather than going off to a regional kingdom of the empire. Two monarchs, even with one being the vassal and the other the Emperor (in this case Empress), had never occupied the same location as their seat in Ethiopian history. Conservatives agitated to redress this perceived insult to the dignity of the crown, leading to the rebellion of Ras Gugsa Welle. Gugsa Welle was the husband of the Empress and the Shum of Begemder Province. In early 1930, he raised an army and marched it from his governorate at Gondar towards Addis Ababa. On 31 March 1930, Gugsa Welle was met by forces loyal to Negus Tafari and was defeated at the Battle of Anchem. Gugsa Welle was killed in action.[48] News of Gugsa Welle's defeat and death had hardly spread through Addis Ababa when the Empress died suddenly on 2 April 1930. Although it was long rumored that the Empress was poisoned upon the defeat of her husband,[49] or alternately that she died from shock upon hearing of the death of her estranged yet beloved husband,[50] it has since been documented that the Empress succumbed to a flu-like fever and complications from diabetes.[51]
With the passing of Zewditu, Tafari himself rose to Emperor and was proclaimed Neguse Negest ze-'Ityopp'ya, "King of Kings of Ethiopia". He was crowned on 2 November 1930, at Addis Ababa's Cathedral of St. George. The coronation was by all accounts "a most splendid affair",[52] and it was attended by royals and dignitaries from all over the world. Among those in attendance were George V's son Prince Henry, Marshal Franchet d'Esperey of France, and the Prince of Udine representing Italy. Emissaries from the United States,[53] Egypt, Turkey, Sweden, Belgium, and Japan were also present.[52] British author Evelyn Waugh was also present, penning a contemporary report on the event. One newspaper report suggested that the celebration may have incurred a cost in excess of $3,000,000.[54] Many of those in attendance received lavish gifts;[55] in one instance, the Christian Emperor even sent a gold-encased Bible to an American bishop who had not attended the coronation, but who had dedicated a prayer to the Emperor on the day of the coronation.[56]
Haile Selassie introduced Ethiopia's first written constitution on 16 July 1931,[57] providing for a bicameral legislature.[58] The constitution kept power in the hands of the nobility, but it did establish democratic standards among the nobility, envisaging a transition to democratic rule: it would prevail "until the people are in a position to elect themselves."[58] The constitution limited the succession to the throne to the descendants of Haile Selassie, a point that met with the disapprobation of other dynastic princes, including the princes of Tigrai and even the Emperor's loyal cousin, Ras Kassa Haile Darge.
In 1932, the Kingdom of Jimma was formally absorbed into Ethiopia following the death of King Abba Jifar II of Jimma.
Conflict with Italy





The Emperor, Photography by Walter Mittelholzer, February 1934.


See also: Abyssinia Crisis and Second Italo-Abyssinian War
Ethiopia became the target of renewed Italian imperialist designs in the 1930s. Benito Mussolini's fascist regime was keen to avenge the military defeats Italy had suffered to Ethiopia in the First Italo-Abyssinian War, and to efface the failed attempt by "liberal" Italy to conquer the country, as epitomised by the defeat at Adowa.[59][60][61] A conquest of Ethiopia could also empower the cause of fascism and embolden its rhetoric of empire.[61] Ethiopia would also provide a bridge between Italy's Eritrean and Italian Somaliland possessions. Ethiopia's position in the League of Nations did not dissuade the Italians from invading in 1935; the "collective security" envisaged by the League proved useless, and a scandal erupted when the Hoare-Laval Pact revealed that Ethiopia's League allies were scheming to appease Italy.[62]
Mobilization
Following the 1935 Italian invasion of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie joined his northern armies and set up headquarters at Desse in Wollo province. He issued his famous mobilization order on 3 October 1935:


“
If you withhold from your country Ethiopia the death from cough or head-cold of which you would otherwise die, refusing to resist (in your district, in your patrimony, and in your home) our enemy who is coming from a distant country to attack us, and if you persist in not shedding your blood, you will be rebuked for it by your Creator and will be cursed by your offspring. Hence, without cooling your heart of accustomed valour, there emerges your decision to fight fiercely, mindful of your history that will last far into the future... If on your march you touch any property inside houses or cattle and crops outside, not even grass, straw, and dung excluded, it is like killing your brother who is dying with you... You, countryman, living at the various access routes, set up a market for the army at the places where it is camping and on the day your district-governor will indicate to you, lest the soldiers campaigning for Ethiopia's liberty should experience difficulty. You will not be charged excise duty, until the end of the campaign, for anything you are marketing at the military camps: I have granted you remission... After you have been ordered to go to war, but are then idly missing from the campaign, and when you are seized by the local chief or by an accuser, you will have punishment inflicted upon your inherited land, your property, and your body; to the accuser I shall grant a third of your property...
”


On 19 October 1935, Haile Selassie gave more precise orders for his army to his Commander-in-Chief, Ras Kassa:

When you set up tents, it is to be in caves and by trees and in a wood, if the place happens to be adjoining to these―and separated in the various platoons. Tents are to be set up at a distance of 30 cubits from each other.
When an aeroplane is sighted, one should leave large open roads and wide meadows and march in valleys and trenches and by zigzag routes, along places which have trees and woods.
When an aeroplane comes to drop bombs, it will not suit it to do so unless it comes down to about 100 metres; hence when it flies low for such action, one should fire a volley with a good and very long gun and then quickly disperse. When three or four bullets have hit it, the aeroplane is bound to fall down. But let only those fire who have been ordered to shoot with a weapon that has been selected for such firing, for if everyone shoots who possesses a gun, there is no advantage in this except to waste bullets and to disclose the men's whereabouts.
Lest the aeroplane, when rising again, should detect the whereabouts of those who are dispersed, it is well to remain cautiously scattered as long as it is still fairly close. In time of war it suits the enemy to aim his guns at adorned shields, ornaments, silver and gold cloaks, silk shirts and all similar things. Whether one possesses a jacket or not, it is best to wear a narrow-sleeved shirt with faded colours. When we return, with God's help, you can wear your gold and silver decorations then. Now it is time to go and fight. We offer you all these words of advice in the hope that no great harm should befall you through lack of caution. At the same time, We are glad to assure you that in time of war We are ready to shed Our blood in your midst for the sake of Ethiopia's freedom..."[63]

Compared to the Ethiopians, the Italians had an advanced, modern military which included a large air force. The Italians would also come to employ chemical weapons extensively throughout the conflict, even targeting Red Cross field hospitals in violation of the Geneva Convention.[64]
Progress of the war
Starting in early October 1935, the Italians invaded Ethiopia. On 6 October, Italian honor was avenged when Adwa fell. But, by November, the pace of invasion had slowed appreciably and Haile Selassie's northern armies were able to launch what was known as the "Christmas Offensive". During this offensive, the Italians were forced back in places and put on the defensive. However, by early in 1936, the First Battle of Tembien stopped the progress of the Ethiopian offensive and the Italians were ready to continue their offensive. Following the defeat and destruction of the northern Ethiopian armies at the Battle of Amba Aradam, the Second Battle of Tembien, and the Battle of Shire, Haile Selassie took the field with the last Ethiopian army on the northern front. On 31 March 1936, he launched a counterattack against the Italians himself at the Battle of Maychew in southern Tigray. The Emperor's army was defeated and retreated in disarray. As Haile Selassie's army withdrew, the Italians attacked from the air along with rebellious Raya and Azebo tribesmen on the ground, who were armed and paid by the Italians.[65]





When the struggle to resist Italy appeared doomed, Haile Selassie traveled to the rock-hewn churches of Lalibela for fasting and prayer.[66]


Haile Selassie made a solitary pilgrimage to the churches at Lalibela, at considerable risk of capture, before returning to his capital.[67] After a stormy session of the council of state, it was agreed that because Addis Ababa could not be defended, the government would relocate to the southern town of Gore, and that in the interest of preserving the Imperial house, the Emperor's wife Menen Asfaw and the rest of the Imperial family should immediately depart for Djibouti, and from there continue on to Jerusalem.
Exile debate





The Emperor arrives in Jerusalem


After further debate as to whether Haile Selassie should go to Gore or accompany his family into exile, it was agreed that Haile Selassie should leave Ethiopia with his family and present the case of Ethiopia to the League of Nations at Geneva. The decision was not unanimous and several participants, including the nobleman Page (Blatta) Tekle Wolde Hawariat, objected to the idea of an Ethiopian monarch fleeing before an invading force.[68] Haile Selassie appointed his cousin Ras Imru Haile Selassie as Prince Regent in his absence, departing with his family for Djibouti on 2 May 1936.
On 5 May, Marshal Pietro Badoglio led Italian troops into Addis Ababa, and Mussolini declared Ethiopia an Italian province. Victor Emanuel III was proclaimed as the new Emperor of Ethiopia. However, on the previous day, the Ethiopian exiles had left Djibouti aboard the British cruiser HMS Enterprise. They were bound for Jerusalem in the British Mandate of Palestine, where the Ethiopian royal family maintained a residence. The Imperial family disembarked at Haifa and then went on to Jerusalem. Once there, Haile Selassie and his retinue prepared to make their case at Geneva. The choice of Jerusalem was highly symbolic, since the Solomonic Dynasty claimed descent from the House of David. Leaving the Holy Land, Haile Selassie and his entourage sailed for Gibraltar aboard the British cruiser HMS Capetown. From Gibraltar, the exiles were transferred to an ordinary liner. By doing this, the government of the United Kingdom was spared the expense of a state reception.[69]
Collective security and the League of Nations, 1936
Mussolini, upon invading Ethiopia, had promptly declared his own "Italian Empire"; because the League of Nations afforded Haile Selassie the opportunity to address the assembly, Italy even withdrew its League delegation, on 12 May 1936.[70] It was in this context that Haile Selassie walked into the hall of the League of Nations, introduced by the President of the Assembly as "His Imperial Majesty, the Emperor of Ethiopia" (Sa Majesté Imperiale, l'Empereur d'Ethiopie). The introduction caused a great many Italian journalists in the galleries to erupt into jeering, heckling, and whistling. As it turned out, they had earlier been issued whistles by Mussolini's son-in-law, Count Galeazzo Ciano.[71] Haile Selassie waited calmly for the hall to be cleared, and responded "majestically"[72] with a speech sometimes considered among the most stirring of the 20th century.[5]
Although fluent in French, the working language of the League, Haile Selassie chose to deliver his historic speech in his native Amharic. He asserted that, because his "confidence in the League was absolute", his people were now being slaughtered. He pointed out that the same European states that found in Ethiopia's favor at the League of Nations were refusing Ethiopia credit and war matériel while aiding Italy, which was employing chemical weapons on military and civilian targets alike.

It was at the time when the operations for the encircling of Makale were taking place that the Italian command, fearing a rout, followed the procedure which it is now my duty to denounce to the world. Special sprayers were installed on board aircraft so that they could vaporize, over vast areas of territory, a fine, death-dealing rain. Groups of nine, fifteen, eighteen aircraft followed one another so that the fog issuing from them formed a continuous sheet. It was thus that, as from the end of January 1936, soldiers, women, children, cattle, rivers, lakes, and pastures were drenched continually with this deadly rain. In order to kill off systematically all living creatures, in order to more surely poison waters and pastures, the Italian command made its aircraft pass over and over again. That was its chief method of warfare.[73]

Noting that his own "small people of 12 million inhabitants, without arms, without resources" could never withstand an attack by a large power such as Italy, with its 42 million people and "unlimited quantities of the most death-dealing weapons", he contended that all small states were threatened by the aggression, and that all small states were in effect reduced to vassal states in the absence of collective action. He admonished the League that "God and history will remember your judgment."[74]

It is collective security: it is the very existence of the League of Nations. It is the confidence that each State is to place in international treaties... In a word, it is international morality that is at stake. Have the signatures appended to a Treaty value only in so far as the signatory Powers have a personal, direct and immediate interest involved?

The speech made the Emperor an icon for anti-Fascists around the world, and Time Magazine named him "Man of the Year".[75] He failed, however, to get what he most needed: the League agreed to only partial and ineffective sanctions on Italy, and several members even recognized the Italian conquest.[60]
Exile





Haile Selassie in 1942


Haile Selassie spent his exile years (1936–1941) in Bath, United Kingdom, in Fairfield House, which he bought. The Emperor and Ras Kassa took morning walks together behind the high walls of the 14-room Georgian house. Haile Selassie's favorite reading was "diplomatic history." But most of his serious hours were occupied with the 90,000-word story of his life which he was laboriously writing in Amharic.[76]
Prior to Fairfield House, he briefly stayed at Warne's Hotel in Worthing[77] and in Parkside, Wimbledon[78] A bust of Haile Selassie is in nearby Cannizaro Park to commemorate this time and is a popular place of pilgrimage for London's Rastafarian community.
Haile Selassie's activity in this period was focused on countering Italian propaganda as to the state of Ethiopian resistance and the legality of the occupation.[79] He spoke out against the desecration of houses of worship and historical artifacts (including the theft of a 1,600-year old imperial obelisk), and condemned the atrocities suffered by the Ethiopian civilian population.[80] He continued to plead for League intervention and to voice his certainty that "God's judgment will eventually visit the weak and the mighty alike",[81] though his attempts to gain support for the struggle against Italy were largely unsuccessful until Italy entered World War II on the German side in June 1940.[82]
The Emperor's pleas for international support did take root in the United States, particularly among African American organizations sympathetic to the Ethiopian cause.[83] In 1937, Haile Selassie was to give a Christmas Day radio address to the American people to thank his supporters when his taxi was involved in a traffic accident, leaving him with a fractured knee.[84] Rather than canceling the radio appearance, he proceeded in much pain to complete the address, in which he linked Christianity and goodwill with the Covenant of the League of Nations, and asserted that "War is not the only means to stop war":[84]

With the birth of the Son of God, an unprecedented, an unrepeatable, and a long-anticipated phenomenon occurred. He was born in a stable instead of a palace, in a manger instead of a crib. The hearts of the Wise men were struck by fear and wonder due to His Majestic Humbleness. The kings prostrated themselves before Him and worshipped Him. 'Peace be to those who have good will'. This became the first message.


[...] Although the toils of wise people may earn them respect, it is a fact of life that the spirit of the wicked continues to cast its shadow on this world. The arrogant are seen visibly leading their people into crime and destruction. The laws of the League of Nations are constantly violated and wars and acts of aggression repeatedly take place... So that the spirit of the cursed will not gain predominance over the human race whom Christ redeemed with his blood, all peace-loving people should cooperate to stand firm in order to preserve and promote lawfulness and peace.[84]

During this period, Haile Selassie suffered several personal tragedies. His two sons-in-law, Ras Desta Damtew and Dejazmach Beyene Merid, were both executed by the Italians.[81] The Emperor's daughter, Princess Romanework, wife of Dejazmach Beyene Merid, was herself taken into captivity with her children, and she died in Italy in 1941.[85] His daughter Tsehai died during childbirth shortly after the restoration in 1942.[86]
After his return to Ethiopia, he donated Fairfield House to the city of Bath as a residence for the aged, and it remains so to this day.[87]
1940s and 1950s
British forces, which consisted primarily of Ethiopian-backed African and South African colonial troops under the "Gideon Force" of Colonel Orde Wingate, coordinated the military effort to liberate Ethiopia. The Emperor himself issued several imperial proclamations in this period, demonstrating that, while authority was not divided up in any formal way, British military might and the Emperor's populist appeal could be joined in the concerted effort to liberate Ethiopia.[82]
On 18 January 1941, during the East African Campaign, Haile Selassie crossed the border between Sudan and Ethiopia near the village of Um Iddla. The standard of the Lion of Judah was raised again. Two days later, he and a force of Ethiopian patriots joined Gideon Force which was already in Ethiopia and preparing the way.[88] Italy was defeated by a force of the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth of Nations, Free France, Free Belgium, and Ethiopian patriots. On 5 May 1941, Haile Selassie entered Addis Ababa and personally addressed the Ethiopian people, five years to the day since his 1936 exile:

Today is the day on which we defeated our enemy. Therefore, when We say let us rejoice with our hearts, let not our rejoicing be in any other way but in the spirit of Christ. Do not return evil for evil. Do not indulge in the atrocities which the enemy has been practicing in his usual way, even to the last.


Take care not to spoil the good name of Ethiopia by acts which are worthy of the enemy. We shall see that our enemies are disarmed and sent out the same way they came. As St. George who killed the dragon is the Patron Saint of our army as well as of our allies, let us unite with our allies in everlasting friendship and amity in order to be able to stand against the godless and cruel dragon which has newly risen and which is oppressing mankind.[89]

After World War II, Ethiopia became a charter member of the United Nations. In 1948, the Ogaden, a region disputed with Somalia, was granted to Ethiopia.[90] On 2 December 1950, the UN General Assembly adopted Resolution 390 (V), establishing the federation of Eritrea (the former Italian colony) into Ethiopia.[91] Eritrea was to have its own constitution, which would provide for ethnic, linguistic, and cultural balance, while Ethiopia was to manage its finances, defense, and foreign policy.[91]
Despite his centralization policies that had been made before World War II, Haile Selassie still found himself unable to push for all the programs he wanted. In 1942, he attempted to institute a progressive tax scheme, but this failed due to opposition from the nobility, and only a flat tax was passed; in 1951, he agreed to reduce this as well.[92] Ethiopia was still "semi-feudal",[93] and the Emperor's attempts to alter its social and economic form by reforming its modes of taxation met with resistance from the nobility and clergy, which were eager to resume their privileges in the postwar era.[92] Where Haile Selassie actually did succeed in effecting new land taxes, the burdens were often passed by the landowners to the peasants.[92] Despite his wishes, the tax burden remained primarily on the peasants.
Between 1941 and 1959, Haile Selassie worked to establish the autocephaly of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church.[94] The Ethiopian Orthodox Church had been headed by the abuna, a bishop who answered to the Partriarchate in Egypt. Haile Selassie applied to Egypt's Holy Synod in 1942 and 1945 to establish the independence of Ethiopian bishops, and when his appeals were denied he threatened to sever relations with the See of St. Mark.[94] Finally, in 1959, Pope Kyrillos VI elevated the Abuna to Patriarch-Catholicos.[94] The Ethiopian Church remained affiliated with the Alexandrian Church.[92] In addition to these efforts, Haile Selassie changed the Ethiopian church-state relationship by introducing taxation of church lands, and by restricting the legal privileges of the clergy, who had formerly been tried in their own courts for civil offenses.[92]
In keeping with the principle of collective security, for which he was an outspoken proponent, he sent a contingent under General Mulugueta Bulli, known as the Kagnew Battalion, to take part in the UN Conflict in Korea. It was attached to the American 7th Infantry Division, and fought in a number of engagements including the Battle of Pork Chop Hill.[95] In a 1954 speech, the Emperor spoke of Ethiopian participation in the Korean conflict as a redemption of the principles of collective security:

Nearly two decades ago, I personally assumed before history the responsibility of placing the fate of my beloved people on the issue of collective security, for surely, at that time and for the first time in world history, that issue was posed in all its clarity. My searching of conscience convinced me of the rightness of my course and if, after untold sufferings and, indeed, unaided resistance at the time of aggression, we now see the final vindication of that principle in our joint action in Korea, I can only be thankful that God gave me strength to persist in our faith until the moment of its recent glorious vindication.[96]






Haile Selassie, Emperor of Ethiopia, photographed during a radio broadcast


During the celebrations of his Silver Jubilee in November 1955, Haile Selassie introduced a revised constitution,[97] whereby he retained effective power, while extending political participation to the people by allowing the lower house of parliament to become an elected body. Party politics were not provided for. Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire, and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization, tempered by Ethiopian traditions, and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state.
Haile Selassie compromised when practical with the traditionalists in the nobility and church. He also tried to improve relations between the state and ethnic groups, and granted autonomy to Afar lands that were difficult to control. Still, his reforms to end feudalism were slow and weakened by the compromises he made with the entrenched aristocracy. The Revised Constitution of 1955 has been criticized for reasserting "the indisputable power of the monarch" and maintaining the relative powerlessness of the peasants.[98]
His international fame and acceptance also grew. In 1954 he visited West Germany, becoming the first head of state to do so after the end of World War II.[citation needed] Many elderly Germans still vividly recall the Emperor's visit, as it signaled their acceptance back into the world, as a peaceful nation. He donated blankets produced by the Debre Birhan Blanket Factory, in Ethiopia, to the war-ravaged German people.





Emperor Haile Selassie and Empress Menen attending Mass on their Silver Jubilee day, November 2, 1955 at the Orthodox Cathedral of St. George


1960s
Haile Selassie contributed Ethiopian troops to the United Nations Operation in the Congo peacekeeping force during the 1960 Congo Crisis, to consolidate Congolese integrity and independence from Belgian troops, per United Nations Security Council Resolution 143. On 13 December 1960, while Haile Selassie was on a state visit to Brazil, his Imperial Guard forces staged an unsuccessful coup attempt, briefly proclaiming Haile Selassie's eldest son Asfa Wossen as Emperor. The coup d'état was crushed by the regular Army and police forces. The coup attempt lacked broad popular support, was denounced by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, and was unpopular among the Army, Air and Police forces. Nonetheless, the effort to depose the Emperor had support among students and the educated classes.[99] The coup attempt has been characterized as a pivotal moment in Ethiopian history, the point at which Ethiopians "for the first time questioned the power of the king to rule without the people's consent".[100] Student populations began to empathize with the peasantry and poor, and to advocate on their behalf.[100] The coup spurred Haile Selassie to accelerate reform, which manifested in the form of land grants to military and police officials.
The Emperor continued to be a staunch ally of the West, while pursuing a firm policy of decolonization in Africa, which was still largely under European colonial rule. The United Nations conducted a lengthy inquiry regarding the status of Eritrea, with the superpowers each vying for a stake in the state's future. Britain, the administrator at the time, suggested the partition of Eritrea between Sudan and Ethiopia, separating Christians and Muslims. The idea was instantly rejected by Eritrean political parties, as well as the UN.
A UN plebiscite voted 46 to 10 to have Eritrea be federated with Ethiopia, which was later stipulated on 2 December 1950 in resolution 390 (V). Eritrea would have its own parliament and administration and would be represented in what had been the Ethiopian parliament and would become the federal parliament.[101] However, Haile Selassie would have none of European attempts to draft a separate Constitution under which Eritrea would be governed, and wanted his own 1955 Constitution protecting families to apply in both Ethiopia and Eritrea. In 1961 the 30-year Eritrean Struggle for Independence began, followed by Haile Selassie's dissolution of the federation and shutting down of Eritrea's parliament.
In 1961, tensions between independence-minded Eritreans and Ethiopian forces culminated in the Eritrean War of Independence. The Emperor declared Eritrea the fourteenth province of Ethiopia in 1962.[102] The war would continue for 30 years, as first Haile Selassie, then the Soviet-backed junta that succeeded him, attempted to retain Eritrea by force.
In 1963, Haile Selassie presided over the establishment of the Organisation of African Unity, with the new organization establishing its headquarters in Addis Ababa. As more African states won their independence, he played an important role as Pan-Africanist, and along with Modibo Keïta of Mali was successful in negotiating the Bamako Accords, which brought an end to the border conflict between Morocco and Algeria. Also in 1963, on October 4, Selassie addressed the General Assembly of the United Nations, referring in his address to his earlier speech to the League of Nations:

Twenty-seven years ago, as Emperor of Ethiopia, I mounted the rostrum in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the League of Nations and to appeal for relief from the destruction which had been unleashed against my defenceless nation, by the Fascist invader. I spoke then both to and for the conscience of the world. My words went unheeded, but history testifies to the accuracy of the warning that I gave in 1936. Today, I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor. In this body is enshrined the principle of collective security which I unsuccessfully invoked at Geneva. Here, in this Assembly, reposes the best — perhaps the last — hope for the peaceful survival of mankind.[103]

On 25 November 1963, the Emperor was among other heads-of-state, including French President Charles de Gaulle, who traveled to Washington D.C. and attended the burial of assassinated American President John F. Kennedy at Arlington National Cemetery.
In 1966, Haile Selassie attempted to create a modern, progressive tax[citation needed] that included registration of land, which would significantly weaken the nobility. Even with alterations, this law led to a revolt in Gojjam, which was repressed although enforcement of the tax was abandoned. The revolt, having achieved its design in undermining the tax, encouraged other landowners to defy Haile Selassie.





Haile Selassie on a state visit to Washington, 1963


Student unrest became a regular feature of Ethiopian life in the 1960s and 1970s. Marxism took root in large segments of the Ethiopian intelligentsia, particularly among those who had studied abroad and had thus been exposed to radical and left-wing sentiments that were becoming popular in other parts of the globe.[99] Resistance by conservative elements at the Imperial Court and Parliament, and by the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, made Haile Selassie's land reform proposals difficult to implement, and also damaged the standing of the government, costing Haile Selassie much of the goodwill he had once enjoyed. This bred resentment among the peasant population. Efforts to weaken unions also hurt his image. As these issues began to pile up, Haile Selassie left much of domestic governance to his Prime Minister, Aklilu Habte Wold, and concentrated more on foreign affairs.
1970s
Outside of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie continued to enjoy enormous prestige and respect. As the longest serving Head of State in power, Haile Selassie was often given precedence over other leaders at state events, such as the state funerals of John F. Kennedy and Charles de Gaulle, the summits of the Non-Aligned Movement, and the 1971 celebration of the 2,500 years of the Persian Empire. His high profile and frequent travels around the world raised Ethiopia's international image.[citation needed]
Wollo Famine
Famine mostly in Wollo, northeastern Ethiopia, as well as in some parts of Tigray is estimated to have killed 40,000 to 80,000 Ethiopians[8][104] between 1972-74.[105] Although the region is infamous for recurrent crop failures and continuous food shortage and starvation risk, this episode was remarkably severe. It led to the 1973 production of the ITV programme The Unknown Famine by Jonathan Dimbleby.[106][107] Dimbleby's report suggested a far higher death toll than was borne out by the facts,[108] stimulating a massive influx of aid while at the same time destabilizing Haile Selassie's regime.[104]





The 1973 Oil Crisis, the severity of which is demonstrated by this graph, hit Ethiopia amidst a devastating famine, compounding its effect and undermining support for the Emperor.[98]


Some reports suggest that the Emperor was unaware of the extent of the famine,[109] while others assert that he was well aware of it.[110][111] In addition to the exposure of attempts by corrupt local officials to cover up the famine from the Imperial government, the Kremlin's depiction of Haile Selassie's Ethiopia as backwards and inept (relative to the purported utopia of Marxism-Leninism) contributed to the popular uprising that led to its downfall and the rise of Mengistu Haile Mariam.[112] The famine and its image in the media undermined popular support of the government, and Haile Selassie's once unassailable personal popularity fell.
The crisis was exacerbated by military mutinies and high oil prices, the latter a result of the 1973 oil crisis. The international economic crisis triggered by the oil crisis caused the costs of imported goods, gasoline, and food to skyrocket, while unemployment spiked.[98]
Revolution
In February 1974, four days of serious riots in Addis against a sudden economic inflation left five dead. The Emperor responded by announcing on national television a rollback of gasoline prices and a freeze on the cost of basic commodities. This calmed the public, but the promised 33% military wage hike was not substantial enough to pacify the army, which then mutinied, beginning in Asmara and spreading throughout the empire. This mutiny led to the resignation of Prime Minister Aklilu Habte Wold on 27 February 1974.[113] Haile Selassie again went on television to agree to the army's demands for still greater pay, and named Endalkatchew Makonnen as his new Prime Minister. However, despite Endalkatchew's many concessions, discontent continued in March with a four-day general strike that paralyzed the nation.
Imprisonment
The Derg, a committee of low-ranking military officers and enlisted men, set up in June to investigate the military's demands, took advantage of the government's disarray to depose Haile Selassie on 12 September 1974. General Aman Mikael Andom, a Protestant of Eritrean origin,[113] served briefly as provisional head of state pending the return of Crown Prince Asfa Wossen, who was then receiving medical treatment abroad. Haile Selassie was placed under house arrest briefly at the 4th Army Division in Addis Ababa,[113] while most of his family was detained at the late Duke of Harrar's residence in the north of the capital. The last months of the Emperor's life were spent in imprisonment, in the Grand Palace.[114]
Later, most of the Imperial family was imprisoned in the Addis Ababa prison known as "Alem Bekagn", or "I am finished with the world". On 23 November 1974, 60 former high officials of the Imperial government, known as "the Sixty", were executed without trial.[115] The executed included Haile Selassie's grandson and two former Prime Ministers.[114] These killings, known to Ethiopians as "Bloody Saturday", were condemned by Crown Prince Asfa Wossen; the Derg responded to his rebuke by revoking its acknowledgment of his imperial legitimacy, and announcing the end of the Solomonic dynasty.[115]
Death and internment
On 28 August 1975, the state media officially reported publicly that the "ex-monarch" Haile Selassie had died on 27 August of "respiratory failure" following complications from a prostate operation.[116] His doctor, Asrat Woldeyes, denied that complications had occurred and rejected the government version of his death. Some imperial loyalists believed that the Emperor had in fact been assassinated, and this belief remains widely held.[117] One western correspondent in Ethiopia at the time commented, "While it is not known what actually happened, there are strong indications that no efforts were made to save him. It is unlikely that he was actually killed. Such rumors were bound to arise no matter what happened, given the atmosphere of suspicion and distrust prevailing in Addis Ababa at the time."[118]
The Soviet-backed Derg fell in 1991. In 1992, the Emperor's bones were found under a concrete slab on the palace grounds;[117] some reports suggest that his remains were discovered beneath a latrine.[119] For almost a decade thereafter, as Ethiopian courts attempted to sort out the circumstances of his death, his coffin rested in Bhata Church, near his great uncle Menelik II's imperial resting place.[120] On 5 November 2000, Haile Selassie was given an Imperial funeral by the Ethiopian Orthodox church. The post-communist government refused calls to declare the ceremony an official imperial funeral.[120]
Although such prominent Rastafarian figures as Rita Marley and others participated in the grand funeral, most Rastafari rejected the event and refused to accept that the bones were the remains of Haile Selassie. There remains some debate within the Rastafari movement as to whether Haile Selassie actually died in 1975.[121]
Children




Asfaw Wossen, eldest son of Haile Selassie I, on a voyage to Jerusalem in 1923


By Menen Asfaw, Haile Selassie had six children: Princess Tenagnework, Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen, Princess Tsehai, Princess Zenebework, Prince Makonnen, and Prince Sahle Selassie.
There is some controversy as to Haile Selassie's eldest daughter, Princess Romanework Haile Selassie. While the living members of the royal family state that Romanework is the eldest daughter of Empress Menen,[122] it has been asserted that Princess Romanework is actually the daughter of a previous union of the emperor with Woizero Altayech.[123] The emperor's own autobiography makes no mention of a previous marriage or having fathered children with anyone other than Empress Menen.
Prince Asfaw Wossen was first married to Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum and then following their divorce to Princess Medferiashwork Abebe. Prince Makonnen was married to Princess Sara Gizaw. Prince Sahle Selassie was married to Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam. Princess Romanework married Dejazmatch Beyene Merid. Princess Tenagnework first married Ras Desta Damtew, and after she was widowed later married Ras Andargachew Messai. Princess Zenebework married Dejazmatch Haile Selassie Gugsa. Princess Tsehai married Lt. General Abiye Abebe.
Rastafari Messiah
Today, Haile Selassie is worshipped as God[124] incarnate among followers of the Rastafari movement (taken from Haile Selassie's pre-imperial name Ras — meaning Head - a title equivalent to Duke — Tafari Makonnen), which emerged in Jamaica during the 1930s under the influence of Marcus Garvey's "Pan Africanism" movement, and as the Messiah who will lead the peoples of Africa and the African diaspora to freedom.[125] His official titles, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, King of Kings and Elect of God, and his traditional lineage from Solomon and Sheba,[126] are perceived by Rastafarians as confirmation of the return of the Messiah in the prophetic Book of Revelation in the New Testament: King of Kings, Lord of Lords, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah and Root of David. Rastafari faith in the incarnate divinity of Haile Selassie[127] began after news reports of his coronation reached Jamaica,[128] particularly via the two Time magazine articles on the coronation the week before and the week after the event. Haile Selassie's own perspectives permeate the philosophy of the movement.[128][129]
In 1961, the Jamaican government sent a delegation composed of both Rastafari and non-Rastafari leaders to Ethiopia to discuss the matter of repatriation, among other issues, with the Emperor. He reportedly told the Rastafarian delegation, which included Mortimer Planno, "Tell the Brethren to be not dismayed, I personally will give my assistance in the matter of repatriation."[130]
When Haile Selassie visited Jamaica on the 21st April 1966, somewhere around one hundred thousand Rastafari from all over Jamaica descended on Palisadoes Airport in Kingston,[128] having heard that the man whom they considered to be their Messiah was coming to visit them. Spliffs[131] and chalices[132] were openly[133] smoked, causing "a haze of ganja smoke" to drift through the air.[134][135][136] When Haile Selassie arrived at the airport, he was unable to come down the mobile steps of the airplane, as the crowd rushed the tarmac. He then returned into the plane, disappearing for several more minutes. Finally Jamaican authorities were obliged to request Ras Mortimer Planno, a well-known Rasta leader, to climb the steps, enter the plane, and negotiate the Emperor's descent.[137] When Planno reemerged, he announced to the crowd: "The Emperor has instructed me to tell you to be calm. Step back and let the Emperor land".[138] This day, widely held by scholars to be a major turning point for the movement,[139][140][141] is still commemorated by Rastafarians as Grounation Day, the anniversary of which is celebrated as the second holiest holiday after 2 November, the Emperor's Coronation Day.
From then on, as a result of Planno's actions, the Jamaican authorities were asked to ensure that Rastafarian representatives were present at all state functions attended by His Majesty,[142][143] and Rastafarian elders also ensured that they obtained a private audience with the Emperor,[144] where he reportedly told them that they should not emigrate to Ethiopia until they had first liberated the people of Jamaica. This dictum came to be known as "liberation before repatriation".
Defying expectations of the Jamaican authorities,[145] Haile Selassie never rebuked the Rastafari for their belief in him as the returned Jesus. Instead, he presented the movement's faithful elders with gold medallions – the only recipients of such an honor on this visit.[146][147] During PNP leader (later Jamaican Prime Minister) Michael Manley's visit to Ethiopia in October 1969, the Emperor allegedly still recalled his 1966 reception with amazement, and stated that he felt he had to be respectful of their beliefs.[148] This was the visit when Manley received as a present from the Emperor, the Rod of Correction or Rod of Joshua that is thought to have helped him to win the 1972 election in Jamaica.
Rita Marley, Bob Marley's wife, converted to the Rastafari faith after seeing Haile Selassie on his Jamaican trip. She claimed, in interviews and in her book No Woman, No Cry that she saw a stigmata print on the palm of Haile Selassie's hand (as he waved to the crowd) that resembled the envisioned markings on Christ's hands from being nailed to the cross—a claim that was not supported by other sources, but was used as evidence for her and other Rastafarians to suggest that Haile Selassie I was indeed their messiah.[149] She was also influential in the conversion of Bob Marley, who then became internationally recognized, and as a result Rastafari became much better known throughout much of the world.[150] Bob Marley's posthumously released song Iron Lion Zion refers to Haile Selassie.[citation needed]
Haile Selassie's attitude to the Rastafari
Haile Selassie I was the titular head of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church and, until his visit to Jamaica in 1966, he had never confirmed nor denied that he was divine,[151] during his visit he specifically declined to contradict the Rastafari belief that he was God.[152][153] After his return to Ethiopia, he dispatched Archbishop Abuna Yesehaq Mandefro to the Caribbean to help draw Rastafarians and other West Indians to the Ethiopian church and, according to some sources, denied his divinity.[154][155][156][157]
In 1948, Haile Selassie donated a piece of land at Shashamane, 250 km south of Addis Ababa, for the use of Blacks from the West Indies. Numerous Rastafari families settled there and still live as a community to this day.[158][159]
Famous quotations

A house built on granite and strong foundations, not even the onslaught of pouring rain, gushing torrents and strong winds will be able to pull down. Some people have written the story of my life representing as truth what in fact derives from ignorance, error or envy; but they cannot shake the truth from its place, even if they attempt to make others believe it.
—Preface to My Life and Ethiopia's Progress, Autobiography of H.M. Haile Selassie I (English translation)


That until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned: That until there are no longer first-class and second-class citizens of any nation; That until the color of a man's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes; That until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race; That until that day, the dream of lasting peace and world citizenship and the rule of international morality will remain but a fleeting illusion, to be pursued but never attained and until the ignoble but unhappy regimes that hold our brothers in Angola, in Mozambique, and in South Africa in subhuman bondage have been toppled and destroyed; until bigotry and prejudice and malicious and inhuman self-interest have been replaced by understanding and tolerance and goodwill; until all Africans stand and speak as free human beings, equal in the eyes of the Almighty; until that day, the African continent shall not know peace. We Africans will fight if necessary and we know that we shall win as we are confident in the victory of good over evil.
—English translation of 1963 Speech delivered to the United Nations and popularized in a song called War by Bob Marley.


Apart from the Kingdom of the Lord there is not on this earth any nation that is superior to any other. Should it happen that a strong Government finds it may with impunity destroy a weak people, then the hour strikes for that weak people to appeal to the League of Nations to give its judgment in all freedom. God and history will remember your judgment.
—Address to the League of Nations, 1936.


We have finished the job. What shall we do with the tools?"
— Telegram to Winston Churchill, 1941.


Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted; the indifference of those who should have known better; the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most; that has made it possible for evil to triumph.


Today I stand before the world organization which has succeeded to the mantle discarded by its discredited predecessor.
—In a speech to the United Nations.


Misguided people sometimes create misguided ideas. Some of my ancestors were Oromo. How can I colonize myself?
— in response to accusations by dissidents


I have heard of that idea [i.e., of Haile Selassie being the reincarnation of Jesus Christ]. I also met certain Rastafarians. I told them clearly that I am a man, that I am mortal, and that I would be replaced by the oncoming generation, and that they should never make a mistake in assuming or pretending that the human being is emanated from a deity."
— Interview with Bill Mc Neil).

Honours






Chief Commander of the Order of the Star of Ethiopia - 1909
Grand Cordon of the Order of Solomon - 1930
Riband of the Three Military Orders Of Christ
Knight of the Order of the Most Holy Annunciation - 1928
Order of the Elephant - 1954
Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau of Luxembourg - 1924
Collar of the Order of the Seraphim - 1954
Maha Chakri - 1954
Order of Suvorov 1st class of USSR - 1959
Collar of the Order of Muhammad Ali of Egypt - 1930
Grand Cross of the Legion d'Honneur - 1924
Chief Commander of the Legion of Merit - 1945
Grand Collar of the Order of Pahlavi - 1964
Collar of the Order of the Aztec Eagle - 1954
Royal Victorian Chain (RVC) - 1930
Knight of the Order of the Garter (KG) - 1954
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB) - 1924
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) - 1917
Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) - 1924
Collar of the Order of the Chrysanthemum-1956 (Grand Cordon-1930)
Order of St James of the Sword of Portugal
Order of the Liberator San Martin of Argentina
Order of the Nile of Egypt
Order of Pius IX of the Vatican - 1970
Order of Idris I of Libya
Order of Independence of Tunisia
Order of Hussein ibn Ali of the Jordan
Order of Muhammad of Morocco
Chain of Honor of the Sudan
Grand Order of the Hashemites of Iraq
Order of the Crown of Italy - 1917
Order of Leopold (Belgium) - 1924
Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus - 1924
Order of the Tower and Sword of Portugal - 1925
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of William - 1954
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion - 1930
Order of the White Eagle of Poland - 1930
Collar of the Order of St Olav of Norway - 1949
Collar of the Order of Charles III of Spain
Collar of the Order of the White Rose of Finland






Grand Cross of the National Order of Vietnam- 1958
Order of Truth of Burma - 1958
Collar of the Order of the Southern Cross of Brazil - 1958
Collar of the Order of the Leopard of Zaire
Order of the Lion of Senegal
Order of the Lion of Malawi
Order of Valor of Cameroon
Order of the Sun of Peru
Collar of the Order of the Bust of the Liberator Simon Bolivar of Venezuela
Order of the Condor of the Andes of Bolivia
Special Grade of the Order of the Propitious Clouds of China
Order of Oummaya of Syria
Order of Mono of Togo
Order of Congolese Merit of the Republic of the Congo
Order of the Leopard of Somalia - 1960
Order of the Equatorial Star of Gabon
Order of the Federal Republic of Nigeria
Order of the Source of the Nile of Uganda
Order of the Eagle of Zambia
Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany - 1954
Collar of the Order of the Republic of Italy - 1955
National orders of Lebanon, Chile, Central Africa, Upper Volta, Chad, Benin, Mali, Madagascar, Mauritania, Guinea and Niger.
Collar of the National Order of Honor and Merit of Haiti - 1966
Knight Grand Band of the Order of the Pioneers of Liberia
Grand Chief of the Order of the Golden Heart of Kenya
Grand Star of the Decoration of Honor for Merit of Austria - 1954
Star of the Republic of Indonesia, 1st Class - 1958
Raja of the Order of Sikatuna of the Philippines
Commander of the Order of the Shield and Spears of Uganda - 1964
Order of the Yugoslavian Grand Star - 1954
Order of Pakistan, 1st Class - 1958
Order of the State Crown of Malaysia - 1968
Order of King Abdul Aziz, 1st Class, of Saudi Arabia
Order of the Star of Ghana - 1970
Banner of the People's Republic of Hungary, 1st Class with Diamonds - 1964
Military Medal of France - 1954
Honorary citizen of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia - 1972 [160]
Honorary citizen of Belgrade - 1954 [161]






[162]
Ancestry




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

4. Dejazmatch Wolde Mikael Gudessa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

2. Ras Mäkonnen Wäldä-Mika'él Guddisa

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

10. Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

5. Princess Tenagnework Sahle Selassie

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

11. Woizero Yimegnushal

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

1. Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

6. Dejazmach Ali Abajifar of Woreilu

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































 

3. Woizero Yeshimebet Ali Abajifar

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

14. Ato Yimeru of Gurage

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



















 

7. Ima-Hoy Walatta Ihata Giyorgis Yimeru

 




 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 











































See also

Arba Lijoch - A group of 40 Armenian orphans sponsored during the 1924 trip to Europe.
Black Lions

Notes

Footnotes



^ Balcha Safo brought an army of ten thousand with him from Sidamo.[41]
^ Balcha Safo's personal bodyguard numbered about five hundred.[44]



Citations



^ Gates, Henry Louis and Appiah, Anthony. Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience. 1999, page 902.
^ Melvin Eugene Page, Penny M. Sonnenburg (2003), Colonialism: an international, social, cultural, and political encyclopedia, Volume 1, ABC-CLIO, p. 247, ISBN 9781576073353, http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=qFTHBoRvQbsC&pg=PA247&dq=Haile+Selassie+I+born+TAFARI&client=firefox-a#v=onepage&q=Haile%20Selassie%20I%20born%20TAFARI&f=false, retrieved 2009-10-05 
^ Erlich, Haggai. The Cross and the River: Ethiopia, Egypt, and the Nile. 2002, page 192.
^ Murrell, Nathaniel Samuel and Spencer, William David and McFarlane, Adrian Anthony. Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader. 1998, page 148.
^ a b Safire, William. Lend Me Your Ears: Great Speeches in History. 1997, page 297-8.
^ Karsh, Efraim. Neutrality and Small States. 1988, page 112.
^ Meredith, Martin. The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. 2005, page 212-3.
^ a b Rebellion and Famine in the North under Haile Selassie, Human Rights Watch
^ Adherents.com: Major religions ranked by size - Rastafarian
^ Barrett, Leonard E. Sr (1997) The Rastafarians. Boston: Beacon Press.
^ Sullivan, Michael, C. In Search of a Perfect World. 2005, page 86
^ a b Murrell, Nathaniel Samuel and Spencer, William David and McFarlane, Adrian Anthony. Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader. 1998, page 172-3.
^ My Life and Ethiopia's Progress. Vol. 2, 1999, page xiii.
^ Murrell, Nathaniel Samuel and Spencer, William David and McFarlane, Adrian Anthony. Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader. 1998, page 159.
^ Ghai, Yash P. Autonomy and Ethnicity: Negotiating Competing Claims in Multi-Ethnic States. 2000, page 176.
^ a b Mockler, Anthony. Haile Selassie's War. 2003, page 387
^ de Moor, Jaap and Wesseling, H. L. Imperialism and War: Essays on Colonial Wars in Asia and Africa. 1989, page 189.
^ Shinn, David Hamilton and Ofcansky, Thomas P. Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. 2004, page 265.
^ My Life and Ethiopia's Progress. Vol. 2, 1999, page xii.
^ a b c Shinn, David Hamilton and Ofcansky, Thomas P. Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. 2004, page 193-4.
^ a b Roberts, Andrew Dunlop. The Cambridge History of Africa. 1986, page 712.
^ a b White, Timothy. Catch a Fire: The Life of Bob Marley. 2006, page 34-5.
^ Untitled Document
^ Rastafari Online Community
^ Lentakis, Michael B. Ethiopia: Land of the Lotus Eaters. 2004, page 41.
^ a b Shinn, David Hamilton and Ofcansky, Thomas P. Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. 2004, page 228.
^ Marcus, A History of Ethiopia, page 126
^ Marcus, A History of Ethiopia, page 127
^ Marcus, A History of Ethiopia, page 127
^ Clarence-Smith, W. G. The Economics of the Indian Ocean Slave Trade in the Nineteenth Century. 1989, page 103.
^ Brody, J. Kenneth. The Avoidable War. 2000, page 209.
^ Marcus, A History of Ethiopia, page 123
^ Gates, Henry Louis and Appiah, Anthony. Africana: The Encyclopedia of the African and African American Experience. 1999, page 698.
^ Rogers, Joel Augustus. The Real Facts about Ethiopia. 1936, page 27.
^ a b c Mockler, Anthony. Haile Selassie's War. 2003, page 3-4.
^ ETHIOPIAN RULER WINS PLAUDITS OF PARISIANS, The New York Times. 17 May 1924.
^ ETHIOPIAN ROYALTIES DON SHOES IN CAIRO, The New York Times. 5 May 1924.
^ Mockler, Haile Sellassie's War, p. 4
^ Aspden Rachel. Swinging Addis. New Statesman, 16 August 2007.
^ Nidel, Richard. World Music: The Basics. 2005, page 56.
^ Marcus, p. 127
^ a b Roberts, Andrew Dunlop. The Cambridge History of Africa. 1986, page 723.
^ Marcus, p. 129
^ Marcus, p. 127
^ Mockler, Haile Sellassie's War, p. 8
^ Marcus, p. 127
^ Marcus, pp. 127-128
^ Roberts, Andrew Dunlop. The Cambridge History of Africa. 1986, page 724.
^ Sorenson, John. Ghosts and Shadows: Construction of Identity and Community in an African Diaspora. 2001, page 34.
^ Brockman, Norbert C. An African Biographical Dictionary. 1994, page 381.
^ Henze, Paul B. Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia. 2000, page 205.
^ a b Mockler, Anthony. Haile Selassie's War. 2003, page 12.
^ ABYSSINIAN RULER HONORS AMERICANS. The New York Times. 24 October 1930.
^ Emperor is Crowned in Regal Splendor at African Capital. The New York Times. 3 November 1930.
^ ABYSSINIA'S GUESTS RECEIVE COSTLY GIFTS. The New York Times. 12 November 1930.
^ Emperor of Ethiopia Honors Bishop Freeman; Sends Gold-Encased Bible and Cross for Prayer. The New York Times. 27 January 1931.
^ Nahum, Fasil. Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. 1997, page 17
^ a b Nahum, Fasil. Constitution for a Nation of Nations: The Ethiopian Prospect. 1997, page 22
^ Anthony Mockler. Haile Selassie's War at p.61
^ a b Carlton, Eric. Occupation: The Policies and Practices of Military Conquerors. 1992, page 88-9.
^ a b Vandervort, Bruce. Wars of Imperial Conquest in Africa, 1830-1914. 1998, page 158.
^ Churchill, Winston. The Second World War. 1986, page 165.
^ My Life and Ethiopia's Progress: Chapter 35
^ Baudendistel, Rainer. Between Bombs And Good Intentions: The Red Cross And the Italo-Ethiopian War. 2006, page 168.
^ Young, John. Peasant Revolution in Ethiopia. 1997, page 51.
^ Garvey, Marcus. The Marcus Garvey and Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers. 1991, page 685.
^ Mockler, Anthony. Haile Selassie's War. 2003, page 123.
^ Spencer, John. Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years 2006, p. 62.
^ Barker, A. J. The Rape of Ethiopia 1936, p. 132
^ Spencer, John. Ethiopia at Bay: A Personal Account of the Haile Selassie Years. 2006, page 72.
^ Moseley, Ray. Mussolini's Shadow: The Double Life of Count Galeazzo Ciano. 1999, page 27.
^ Jarrett-Macauley, Delia. The Life of Una Marson, 1905-65. 1998, page 102-3.
^ Safire, William. Lend Me Your Ears: Great Speeches in History. 1997, page 318.
^ Haile Selassie, "Appeal to the League of Nations", June 1936
^ Time Magazine Man of the Year. 6 January 1936.
^ Time Magazine, Distressed Negus
^ Elleray, D. Robert (1998). A Millennium Encyclopaedia of Worthing History. Worthing: Optimus Books. p. 119. ISBN 0-9533132-0-4. 
^ [1] The Anglo-Ethiopian Society.
^ My Life and Ethiopia's Progress. Vol. 2, 1999, page 11-2.
^ My Life and Ethiopia's Progress. Vol. 2, 1999, page 26-7.
^ a b My Life and Ethiopia's Progress. Vol. 2, 1999, page 25.
^ a b Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle. Ethiopia A Country Study. 2004, page 60-1.
^ My Life and Ethiopia's Progress. Vol. 2, 1999, page 27.
^ a b c My Life and Ethiopia's Progress. Vol. 2, 1999, page 40-2.
^ My Life and Ethiopia's Progress. Vol. 2, 1999, page 170.
^ Shinn, David Hamilton and Ofcansky, Thomas P. Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. 2004, page 3.
^ Haber, Lutz. The Emperor Haile Selassie I in Bath 1936 - 1940. The Anglo-Ethiopian Society.
^ Barker, A. J. The Rape of Ethiopia 1936. page 156
^ My Life and Ethiopia's Progress. Vol. 2, 1999, page 165.
^ Shinn, David Hamilton and Ofcansky, Thomas P. Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. 2004, page 201.
^ a b Shinn, David Hamilton and Ofcansky, Thomas P. Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. 2004, page 140-1.
^ a b c d e Ofcansky, Thomas P. and Berry, Laverle. Ethiopia: A Country Study. 2004, page 63-4.
^ Willcox Seidman, Ann. Apartheid, Militarism, and the U.S. Southeast. 1990, page 78.
^ a b c Watson, John H. Among the Copts. 2000, page 56.
^ As described at the Ethiopian Korean War Veterans website.
^ Nathaniel, Ras. 50th Anniversary of His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I. 2004, page 30.
^ Ethiopia Administrative Change and the 1955 Constitution
^ a b c Mammo, Tirfe. The Paradox of Africa's Poverty. 1999, page 103.
^ a b Bahru Zewde, A History of Modern Ethiopia, second edition (Oxford: James Currey, 2001), pp. 220–26.
^ a b Mammo, Tirfe. The Paradox of Africa's Poverty: The Role of Indigenous Knowledge. 1999, page 100.
^ "General Assembly Resolutions 5th Session". United Nations. http://www.un.org/documents/ga/res/5/ares5.htm. Retrieved 2007-10-16. 
^ Semere Haile "The Origins and Demise of the Ethiopia-Eritrea Federation", Issue: A Journal of Opinion, 15 (1987), pp. 9-17
^ "Wikiquote "Selassie's Address to the United Nations"". http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Selassie's_Address_to_the_United_Nations/. Retrieved 2010-02-04. 
^ a b De Waal, Alexander. Evil Days: Thirty Years of War and Famine in Ethiopia. 1991, page 58.
^ A BBC report suggests 200,000 deaths, based on a contemporaneous estimate from the Ethiopian Nutrition Institute. While this figure is still repeated in some texts and media sources, it was an estimate that was later found to be "overly pessimistic". See also: De Waal, Alexander. Evil Days: Thirty Years of War and Famine in Ethiopia. 1991, page 58.
^ The Unknown Famine in Ethiopia 1973
^ Jonathan Dimbleby and the hidden famine
^ Eldridge, John Eric Thomas. Getting the Message: News, Truth and Power. 1993, page 26.
^ Dickinson, Daniel. The last of the Ethiopian emperors. BBC. 12 May 2005.
^ De Waal, Alexander. Evil Days: Thirty Years of War and Famine in Ethiopia. 1991, page 61.
^ Woodward, Peter. The Horn of Africa: Politics and International Relations. 2003, page 175.
^ Kumar, Krishna. Postconflict Elections, Democratization, and International Assistance. 1998, page 114.
^ a b c Launhardt, Johannes. Evangelicals in Addis Ababa (1919-1991). 2005, page 239-40.
^ a b Meredith, Martin. The Fate of Africa: From the Hopes of Freedom to the Heart of Despair. 2005, page 216.
^ a b Shinn, David Hamilton and Ofcansky, Thomas P. Historical Dictionary of Ethiopia. 2004, page 44.
^ "Haile Selassie of Ethiopia Dies at 83". New York Times. 28 August 1975. http://www.nytimes.com/learning/general/onthisday/bday/0723.html. Retrieved 2007-07-21. "Haile Selassie, the last emperor in the 3,000-year-old Ethiopian monarchy, who ruled for half a century before he was deposed by military coup last September, died yesterday in a small apartment in his former palace. He was 83 years old. His death was played down by the military rulers who succeeded him in Addis Ababa, who announced it in a normally scheduled radio newscast there at 7 a.m. They said that he had been found dead in his bed by a servant, and that the cause of death was probably related to the effects of a prostate operation Haile Selassie underwent two months ago." 
^ a b An Imperial Burial for Haile Selassie, 25 Years After Death. New York Times. 6 November 2000.
^ Marina and David Ottaway, Ethiopia: Empire in Revolution (New York: Africana, 1978), p. 109 n. 22
^ Ethiopians Celebrate a Mass for Exhumed Haile Selassie. New York Times. 1 March 1992.
^ a b Lorch, Donatella. Ethiopia Deals With Legacy of Kings and Colonels. The New York Times. 31 December 1995.
^ Edmonds, Ennis Barrington. Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers. 2003, page 55.
^ Granddaughter Esther Selassie's website genealogy
^ Mockler, Anthony. Haile Selassie's War. 2003, page xxvii.
^ Rastafarian beliefs
^ The African Diaspora, Ethiopianism, and Rastafari
^ Haile Selassie King of Kings, Conquering Lion of the tribe of Judah
^ Haile Selassie
^ a b c Dread, The Rastafarians of Jamaica, by Joseph Owens ISBN 0-435-98650-3
^ The Re-evolution of Rastafari
^ The Rastafarians by Leonard E. Barrett
^ Before the Legend: The Rise of Bob Marley by Christopher John Farley, p. 145
^ People Funny Boy (Lee Perry biography) by David Katz, p. 41.
^ Chanting Down Babylon: The Rastafari Reader by Nathaniel Samuel Murrell, William David Spencer, Adrian Anthony McFarlane, p. 64.
^ Kingston: A Cultural and Literary History, by David Howard p. 176.
^ The State Visit of Emperor Haile Selassie I
^ "Commemorating The Royal Visit by Ijahnya Christian", The Anguillian Newspaper, 22 April 2005.
^ Catch a Fire: The Life of Bob Marley by Timothy White p. 15, 210, 211.
^ Black Heretics, Black Prophets: Radical Political Intellectuals p. 189 by Anthony Bogues
^ This Is Reggae Music: The Story of Jamaica's Music by Lloyd Bradley, p. 192-193.
^ Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers by Ennis Barrington Edmonds, p. 86.
^ Verbal Riddim: The Politics and Aesthetics of African-Caribbean Dub Poetry by Christian Habekost, p. 83.
^ Rastafari: From Outcasts to Culture Bearers Page 86 by Ennis Barrington Edmonds
^ Verbal Riddim: The Politics and Aesthetics of African-Caribbean Dub Poetry, page 83 by Christian Habekost
^ Edmonds, p. 86
^ Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music By Kevin O'Brien, p. 243.
^ "African Crossroads - Spiritual Kinsmen" Dr. Ikael Tafari, The Daily Nation, Dec. 24 2007
^ White, p. 211.
^ Life Is an Excellent Adventure, Jerry Funk, 2003, p. 149
^ No Woman, No Cry, Rita Marley, p. 43.
^ Bob Marley the Devoted Rastafarian!
^ Must God Remain Greek?: Afro Cultures and God-Talk by Robert E. Hood, p. 93 ISBN 0-8006-2449-1
^ Reggae Routes: The Story of Jamaican Music By Kevin O'Brien, p. 243. ISBN 1-56639-629-8
^ "African Crossroads - Spiritual Kinsmen" The Daily Nation, 24 Dec. 2007
^ "Ethiopians in D.C. Region Mourn Archbishop's Death". Washington Post, 13 January 2006. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/01/12/AR2006011201952.html. 
^ "Bob Marley Anniversary Spotlights Rasta Religion". National Geographic. http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2005/02/0204_050204_bob_marley_2.html. 
^ "Haile Selassie I - God of the Black race". BBC. http://www.bbc.co.uk/religion/religions/rastafari/beliefs/haileselassie.shtml. 
^ Mirror, Mirror: Identity, Race and Protest in Jamaica, Rex Nettleford, William Collins and Sangster Ltd., Jamaica (1970)
^ Jamaican Rastafarian Development Community website
^ The History and Location of the Shashamane Settlement Community Development Foundation, Inc., USA
^ Odluka o proglašenju Njegovog Carskog Veličanstva Cara Etiopije Haila Selasija Prvog za počasnog građanina SFRJ ("Službeni list SFRJ", br. 33/72 319-655
^ Đilas podržao predlog
^ Shoa6


References

Fage, J.D., Roberts, A.D., and Oliver, Roland Anthony (1994). The Cambridge History of Africa: From 1905 to 1940, Volume 7. Cambridge: Press Sindicate of the University of Cambridge. ISBN 0-521-22505-1. 
Haile Selassie I. My Life and Ethiopia's Progress: The Autobiography of Emperor Haile Sellassie I. Translated from Amharic by Edward Ullendorff. New York: Frontline Books, 1999. ISBN 0-948390-40-9
Paul B. Henze. "The Rise of Haile Selassie: Time of Troubles, Regent, Emperor, Exile" and "Ethiopia in the Modern World: Haile Selassie from Triumph to Tragedy" in Layers of Time: A History of Ethiopia. New York: Palgrave, 2000. ISBN 0-312-22719-1
Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor: Downfall of an Autocrat. 1978. ISBN 0-679-72203-3
Marcus, Harold G. (1994). A History of Ethiopia. London: University of California Press. pp. 316. ISBN 0-520-22479-5. 
Dread, The Rastafarians of Jamaica, by Joseph Owens ISBN 0-435-98650-3
Haile Selassie I : Ethiopia's Lion of Judah, 1979, ISBN 0-88229-342-7
Haile Selassie's war : the Italian-Ethiopian Campaign, 1935-1941, 1984, ISBN 0-394-54222-3
Haile Selassie, western education, and political revolution in Ethiopia, 2006, ISBN 978-1-934043-20-2

External links

Ethiopian Treasures - Emperor Haile Selassie I - The Ethiopian Revolution
Imperial Crown Council of Ethiopia
Speech to the League of Nations, June 1936 (full text)
Marcus Garvey's prophecy of Haile Selassie I as the returned messiah
Haile Selassie I and the Italo-Ethiopian war
Haile Selassie I, the Later Years
A critical look at the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia
BBC article, memories of his personal servant
Watch News Reel: His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia visits Jamaica, 21 April 1966
Ba Beta Kristiyan Haile Selassie I - The Church of Haile Selassie I
Haile Selassie I Speaks -Text & Audio-
Time Magazine, November 15, 1937. "Distressed Negus.". http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,758326,00.html. Retrieved January 19, 2010. 




Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia
House of Solomon
Born: 23 July 1892 Died: 27 August 1975


Regnal titles


Preceded by
Zewditu I
Emperor of Ethiopia
2 November 1930 – 12 September 1974
Vacant
Monarchy abolished



Titles in pretence


Loss of title
Communist take-over

— TITULAR —
Emperor of Ethiopia
12 September 1974 – 27 August 1975
Succeeded by
Crown Prince Amha Selassie







Heads of State of Ethiopia since 1889





Solomonic dynasty (1889-1936), Emperors



Menelik II · Iyasu V · Zewditu I · Haile Selassie I






Italian Occupation (1936-1941)



Victor Emmanuel III






Solomonic dynasty (1941-1974), Emperor



Haile Selassie I






Derg (1974-1987), Chairmen



Aman† · Mengistu† · Tafari† · Mengistu†






People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia (1987-1991), Presidents

Mengistu · Tesfaye†*






Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia (since 1991), Presidents



Meles* · Negasso  · Girma







*acting     †military











Chairpersons of the Organization of African Unity and the African Union (AU)








Selassie · Nasser · Nkrumah · Ankrah · Selassie · Mobutu · Boumédienne · Ahidjo · Kaunda · Daddah · Hassan II · Gowon · Barre · Amin · Ramgoolam · Bongo · Nimeiry · Tolbert · Senghor · Stevens · Moi · Mengistu · Nyerere · Diouf · Nguesso · Kaunda · Traoré · Mubarak · Museveni · Babangida · Diouf · Mubarak · Ben Ali · Meles · Biya · Mugabe · Compaoré · Bouteflika · Eyadéma · Chiluba · Mwanawasa · Mbeki · Chissano · Obasanjo · Nguesso · Kufuor · Kikwete · al-Gaddafi · Mutharika













Pan-Africanism





Proponents





Politicians: Nnamdi Azikiwe · Amílcar Cabral · Muammar al-Gaddafi · Marcus Garvey · David Comissiong · Kenneth Kaunda · Jomo Kenyatta · Patrice Lumumba · Thabo Mbeki · Abdias do Nascimento · Kwame Nkrumah · Julius Nyerere · John Nyathi Pokela · Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia · Robert Mangaliso Sobukwe · Ahmed Sékou Touré · I.T.A. Wallace-Johnson
Others: Molefi Kete Asante · Steve Biko · Edward Wilmot Blyden · John Henrik Clarke · Cheikh Anta Diop · W. E. B. Du Bois · Frantz Fanon · John G. Jackson · Yosef Ben-Jochannan · Maulana Karenga · Fela Kuti · Bob Marley · Malcolm X · Zephania Mothopeng · George Padmore · Dr Motsoko Pheko · Runoko Rashidi · Walter Rodney · Burning Spear · Henry Sylvester-Williams · Stokely Carmichael · Omali Yeshitela









Concepts



United States of Africa · Afrocentrism · Kwanzaa · Pan-African colours · Pan-African flag · Négritude · African nationalism · African socialism · African Century · Africanization · Kawaida  · Ujamaa  · Harambee  · Ubuntu  · Zikism · Black nationalism








Organizations



African Union (OAU) · Uhuru Movement · UNIA-ACL · African Unification Front · International African Service Bureau













Time Persons of the Year









 
1927–1950







Charles Lindbergh (1927) · Walter Chrysler (1928) · Owen D. Young (1929) · Mahatma Gandhi (1930) · Pierre Laval (1931) · Franklin D. Roosevelt (1932) · Hugh Samuel Johnson (1933) · Franklin D. Roosevelt (1934) · Haile Selassie I (1935) · Wallis Simpson (1936) · Chiang Kai-shek / Soong May-ling (1937) · Adolf Hitler (1938) · Joseph Stalin (1939) · Winston Churchill (1940) · Franklin D. Roosevelt (1941) · Joseph Stalin (1942) · George Marshall (1943) · Dwight D. Eisenhower (1944) · Harry S. Truman (1945) · James F. Byrnes (1946) · George Marshall (1947) · Harry S. Truman (1948) · Winston Churchill (1949) · The American Fighting-Man (1950)














 
1951–1975







Mohammed Mosaddeq (1951) · Elizabeth II (1952) · Konrad Adenauer (1953) · John Foster Dulles (1954) · Harlow Curtice (1955) · Hungarian Freedom Fighters (1956) · Nikita Khrushchev (1957) · Charles de Gaulle (1958) · Dwight D. Eisenhower (1959) · U.S. Scientists: George Beadle / Charles Draper / John Enders / Donald A. Glaser / Joshua Lederberg / Willard Libby / Linus Pauling / Edward Purcell / Isidor Rabi / Emilio Segrè / William Shockley / Edward Teller / Charles Townes / James Van Allen / Robert Woodward (1960) · John F. Kennedy (1961) · Pope John XXIII (1962) · Martin Luther King, Jr. (1963) · Lyndon B. Johnson (1964) · William Westmoreland (1965) · The Generation Twenty-Five and Under (1966) · Lyndon B. Johnson (1967) · The Apollo 8 Astronauts: William Anders / Frank Borman / Jim Lovell (1968) · The Middle Americans (1969) · Willy Brandt (1970) · Richard Nixon (1971) · Henry Kissinger / Richard Nixon (1972) · John Sirica (1973) · King Faisal (1974) · American Women: Susan Brownmiller / Kathleen Byerly / Alison Cheek / Jill Conway / Betty Ford / Ella Grasso / Carla Hills / Barbara Jordan / Billie Jean King / Carol Sutton / Susie Sharp / Addie Wyatt (1975)














 
1976–2000







Jimmy Carter (1976) · Anwar Sadat (1977) · Deng Xiaoping (1978) · Ayatollah Khomeini (1979) · Ronald Reagan (1980) · Lech Wałęsa (1981) · The Computer (1982) · Ronald Reagan / Yuri Andropov (1983) · Peter Ueberroth (1984) · Deng Xiaoping (1985) · Corazon Aquino (1986) · Mikhail Gorbachev (1987) · The Endangered Earth (1988) · Mikhail Gorbachev (1989) · George H. W. Bush (1990) · Ted Turner (1991) · Bill Clinton (1992) · The Peacemakers: Yasser Arafat / F.W. de Klerk / Nelson Mandela / Yitzhak Rabin (1993) · Pope John Paul II (1994) · Newt Gingrich (1995) · David Ho (1996) · Andrew Grove (1997) · Bill Clinton / Kenneth Starr (1998) · Jeffrey P. Bezos (1999) · George W. Bush (2000)














 
2001–present







Rudolph Giuliani (2001) · The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002) · The American Soldier (2003) · George W. Bush (2004) · The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005) · You (2006) · Vladimir Putin (2007) · Barack Obama (2008) · Ben Bernanke (2009)











Categories: 1892 births | 1975 deaths | Addis Ababa | Cause of death disputed | Cold War leaders | Emperors of Ethiopia | Ethiopian princes | Solomonid dynasty | Ethiopian anti-communists | Ethiopian Oriental Orthodox Christians | Ethiopian Orthodox Christians | Humanitarians | British Field Marshals | Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George | Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath | Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav | Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order | Knights of the Garter | Order of Leopold recipients | Leaders ousted by a coup | Pan-Africanism | People associated with Malvern | Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta | Recipients of the Royal Victorian Chain | Rulers of Ethiopia | Time magazine Persons of the Year | Governments in exile during World War II | Burials at Holy Trinity Cathedral, Addis Ababa | Rastafari | Recipients of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland) | Knights of the Order of the Most Holy Annunciation | Deified people
Hidden categories: Articles containing Amharic language text | Articles containing non-English language text | All articles with unsourced statements | Articles with unsourced statements from February 2008 | Articles with unsourced statements from May 2008 | Articles with unsourced statements from July 2009 | Articles with unsourced statements from August 2008









Related topics




Haile Selassie of Ethiopia




Haile Selassie




Amha Selassie




Rastafari movement




Menen Asfaw




Princess Tenagnework






Advertisements

 
















Got something to say? Make a comment.




 		      Your name
 		   






 		      Your email address
 		   






 		     Message
 		   












 


 
















													The text of the above Wikipedia article is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License. This content and its associated elements are made available under the same license where attribution must include 
					acknowledgement of The Full Wiki as the source on the page same page with a link back to this page with no nofollow tag.
													
Blog About The Full Wiki
Contact us
Privacy Policy


	      	Version 0609, w	      

































































XL Catlin - Global Property and Casualty Insurance and Reinsurance 




GTM-5W6VRJ








 










Insurance


Reinsurance















Insurance


Reinsurance














Read About Risk
Cyber Claim Trends: When Law Firms Are the Target

Jul 28, 2017FAST FAST FORWARD











Read About Risk
Global programmes: Marine risks and how to manage them

Jul 25, 2017FAST FAST FORWARD











Read About Risk
Redeveloping the Urban Core

Jul 24, 2017FAST FAST FORWARD









Subscribe













News


XL Group Ltd Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results

Jul 26, 2017
&nbsp//&nbspCorporate




XL Catlin launches Cyber and Data Protection Insurance Policy in Asia Pacific

Jul 24, 2017
&nbsp//&nbspInsurance




XL Catlin introduces CyberRiskConnect - Enhanced Cyber & Technology Insurance Coverage in North America

Jul 20, 2017
&nbsp//&nbspInsurance




 
Tweets



@XLCatlin's David Guest discussing about #innovation #insurtech #blockchain at #Singapore #BrokerAcademy2017.… https://t.co/qBkbZtQ3CK

Jul 28(3 HOURS AGO)‎@XLCATLIN













Contact Us
If you would like to speak to us at XL Catlin please choose one of the below options.
Insurance
        

Reinsurance
        













 Stock Price: XL (NYSE)
                    




A
+
Positive 
By  S&P


A  
Stable
By A.M. Best
















XL Group

Careers
Investors
Media
Corporate Social Responsibility
Sponsorships




XL Innovate






XL Catlin

Insurance:
Products
Claims
Contacts
About Us



Reinsurance:
Products 
Claims
Contacts
About Us






Social









Global - English
Brazil - Portuguese
China - Chinese
France - French
Germany - German
Spain - Spanish
Mexico - Spanish (Mexico)
Italy - Italian
Netherlands - Nederlands







Legal Notices
Privacy and Cookies
Feedback


Copyright 1996-2017 
XL Group Ltd All Rights Reserved




Legal Notices
Privacy and Cookies
Feedback


Copyright 1996-2017 XL Group Ltd All Rights Reserved

















XL uses two forms of cookies on this site:


less info
close




to enable the site to operate and retain any preferences you set; and
for analytics to make the site more relevant and easy to use.



                            These cookies do not collect personal information. For more information about our cookie usage, please
                            click here.
                            To comply with EU privacy laws you must consent to our use of cookies.
                        
By using this site, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. If you choose to change your cookie settings you will be presented with this message the next time you visit.














×
XL uses two forms of cookies on this site:



to enable the site to operate and retain any preferences you set; and
for analytics to make the site more relevant and easy to use.


These cookies do not collect personal information. For more information about our cookie usage, please
                                    click here.
                                    To comply with EU privacy laws you must consent to our use of cookies.
                                
By using this site, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. If you choose to change your cookie settings you will be presented with this message the next time you visit.

















Sign In | Williams Sonoma

















  





Skip Navigation





















Main Content Starts Here




Account Sign In

Required



 Email (required)


 Password (required)




Sign In


Forgot your password?





Guest Checkout
You can check out as a guest and create an account after.



Guest Checkout





By continuing you agree to our terms and conditions and privacy policy.
















