




 






Steven Ratoff  | Eagle Pharmaceuticals Investor Center
































Toggle navigation



Menu








Investors



Login




Steven Ratoff 




Board Member, Audit Committee Chair 



      Category:          

Board of Directors 



EmailPDFPrintRSS 



Mr. Ratoff has served as a member of our board of directors since March 2007. Since December 2004, Mr. Ratoff has served as a venture partner of ProQuest Investments. Since January 2010, Mr. Ratoff has served as president and chief executive officer of NovaDel Pharma Inc., a private specialty pharmaceutical company, and Mr. Ratoff has served in a number of interim executive positions since joining NovaDel’s board of directors in May 2005. Mr. Ratoff has also served on NovaDel Pharma Inc.’s board of directors since May 2005 and currently serves as its chairman. Prior to NovaDel, Mr. Ratoff held various executive positions with Cima Labs, Inc., a publicly-traded pharmaceutical company that was acquired by Cephalon in 2004, MacroMed, Inc., a private drug development and manufacturing company that was acquired by Protherics PLC in 2007, and Brown- Forman Corporation. Mr. Ratoff holds a B.S. in business administration from Boston University and an M.B.A. from the University of Michigan. Our board of directors believes that Mr. Ratoff’s extensive executive experience and background in the global pharmaceutical and consumer products industries as well as his strong financial background qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 










NASDAQ: EGRXStock Info    Minimum 20 minute delay.Refresh Data




Investor Center Home
Press Releases
Corporate GovernanceBoard of Directors
Leadership Team
Policies and Charters 
Board Committee Assignments

Stock Information
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Analyst Coverage
Investor FAQs
Investor Contacts





Search



Search this site: 











Advanced Search








Registration
Login
Media Requests
Email Alerts
RSS Feeds
 





 














Steven B. Ratoff - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Steven B. Ratoff
Board Member at Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Steven B. Ratoff? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven B. Ratoff's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven B. Ratoff's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven B. Ratoff's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven B. Ratoff through your network of contacts.
												








Steven B. Ratoff's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Past
To view Steven B. Ratoff's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Boston University


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Michigan


Age
74

 
 


Steven B. Ratoff's Biography



Steven B. Ratoff is a private investor who has served as a member of our Board since March 2007. Mr. Ratoff has served since 2010 as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Novadel Pharma, Inc. a formerly public specialty pharmaceutical company. Mr. Ratoff's prior experience includes serving as a venture partner for ProQuest Investments from December 2004 to December 2013 and as chief executive officer of CIMA Labs, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company acquired by Cephalon in 2004. In addition, Mr. Ratoff served as chief financial officer of the Brown-Forman Company from 1995 to 2001. Mr. Ratoff holds a B.S. in business admin ...
(Read More)

			Steven B. Ratoff is a private investor who has served as a member of our Board since March 2007. Mr. Ratoff has served since 2010 as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Novadel Pharma, Inc. a formerly public specialty pharmaceutical company. Mr. Ratoff's prior experience includes serving as a venture partner for ProQuest Investments from December 2004 to December 2013 and as chief executive officer of CIMA Labs, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company acquired by Cephalon in 2004. In addition, Mr. Ratoff served as chief financial officer of the Brown-Forman Company from 1995 to 2001. Mr. Ratoff holds a B.S. in business administration from Boston University and an M.B.A. with Distinction from the University of Michigan. Our Board believes that Mr. Ratoff's extensive executive experience and background in the global pharmaceutical and consumer products industries as well as his strong financial background qualifies him to serve on our Board.
		
Source: Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven B. Ratoff's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Steven B. Ratoff. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven B. Ratoff's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven B. Ratoff's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven B. Ratoff through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Steven B. Ratoff


















Steven B. Ratoff's Connections (81)





Sign up now to view Steven B. Ratoff's 81 connections »









Phoebe A. Wood
Board Member, Leggett & Platt, Incorporated









Robert L. Glenning
Board Member, Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









David H. Bergstrom
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Novadel Pharma Inc.









David M. Pernock
President and Chief Commercial Officer, Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Adrian J. Hepner
Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Stephen E. O'Neil
Board Member, Alphatec Holdings, Inc.









Steven D. Cosler
Board Member, National Retail Properties, Inc.









Jason S. Fisherman
Board Member, Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Jean W. Frydman
Former Senior Vice President, Legal, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Vitamin Shoppe, Inc.









Barry C. Cohen
Former Vice President - Business & New Product Development, Novadel Pharma Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













   Steven Ratoff | ProQuest Investments | ZoomInfo.com

Steven Ratoff, Novadel Pharma Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  




























Feedback





Steven Ratoff

Chairman,
Novadel Pharma Inc






Career History




Venture Partner
Proquest Investments, 12/2004-PRESENT


Chairman
Novadel Pharma Inc, PRESENT


Chairman/Pres/CEO/Interim CFO
Novadel Pharma Inc, 7/2011-2013


Chairman/President/CEO
Novadel Pharma Inc, 1/2010-7/2011


Chairman/Interim President/CEO
Novadel Pharma Inc, 4/2009-12/2009


Chairman/Interim President/CEO
Novadel Pharma Inc, 7/2007-4/2009


Chairman
Novadel Pharma Inc, 9/2006-7/2007


Chairman
Axonyx Inc, 9/2005-10/2006


Chairman/Interim CEO
Cima Labs Inc, 5/2003-8/2004


President/CEO
Macromed Inc, 2/2001-12/2001


Exec VP/CFO
Brown-Forman Corp, 12/1994-2/2001


Various Positions
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, 1975-1991


Show More









Website:
www.novadel.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1200 Route 22 East
Suite 2000
Bridgewater, NJ 08807
United States


Phone:
1-908-203-4640


Fax:
1-908-782-2445


Web url:
www.novadel.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Michigan
MBA


Boston University
Bachelor's Degree, Business Administration








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Novadel Pharma Inc


Chairman, PRESENT




Raptor Therapeutics


Board Member, 2009-PRESENT




Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, 3/2007-PRESENT




Novadel Pharma Inc


Chairman, 7/2011-2013




Novadel Pharma Inc


Chairman, 9/2006-7/2011




Axonyx Inc


Chairman, 9/2005-10/2006




Novadel Pharma Inc


Board Member, 1/2006-9/2006




Axonyx Inc


Board Member, 5/2005-9/2005




Inkine Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, 12/1998-9/2005




Inkine Pharmaceutical Co Inc


Board Member, 2/1998-9/2005




Cima Labs Inc


Chairman, 5/2003-8/2004




Cima Labs Inc


Board Member, 3/1995-5/2003




Axonyx Inc


Board Member, 1998-2001




Macromed Inc


Board Member, 1998-12/2001



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	NovaDel Pharma Appoints Steven B Ratoff President and Chief Executive Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






NovaDel Pharma (NVD) Appoints Steven B. Ratoff President and Chief Executive Officer  











Tweet








1/11/2010 6:29:12 AM









FLEMINGTON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--NovaDel Pharma, Inc. announced that the Company’s Board of Directors has appointed Steven B. Ratoff as President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2010. Mr. Ratoff has been Chairman of the Board since September 2006, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer since July 2007 and Interim Chief Financial Officer since April 2009. Mr. Ratoff will continue to serve as Interim Chief Financial Officer.

“With two products, ZolpiMist™ and NitroMist™, scheduled to enter the marketplace later this year and the acceleration of our promising product development program, we have reached an exciting point in our company’s development and I am pleased to continue leading this effort.” Mr. Ratoff added, “During the second half of 2009, the Company strengthened its balance sheet with proceeds received on closing two strategic licensing deals and the recently announced debt conversion.”

The Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Ratoff, the material terms of which will be disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company.

ABOUT NOVADEL PHARMA

NovaDel Pharma Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company developing oral spray formulations for a broad range of marketed drugs. The Company’s proprietary technology offers, in comparison to conventional oral dosage forms, the potential for faster absorption of drugs into the bloodstream leading to quicker onset of therapeutic effects and possibly reduced first pass liver metabolism, which may result in lower doses. Oral sprays eliminate the requirement for water or the need to swallow, potentially improving patient convenience and adherence.

NovaDel’s oral spray technology is focused on addressing unmet medical needs for a broad array of existing and future pharmaceutical products. The Company’s most advanced oral spray candidates target cardiovascular and central nervous system disorders. NovaDel plans to develop these and other products independently and through collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. To find out more about NovaDel Pharma Inc. (OTCBB: NVDL - News), visit our website at www.novadel.com.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS:

Except for historical information contained herein, this document may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company’s actual results or outcomes to be materially different from those anticipated and discussed herein including, but not limited to, the ability of third parties to commercialize the Company’s products, the successful completion of its pilot pharmacokinetic feasibility studies, the ability to develop products (independently and through collaborative arrangements), the Company’s ability to obtain additional required financing to fund its research programs, the ability to commercialize and obtain FDA and other regulatory approvals for products under development, and the acceptance in the marketplace for oral spray products. The filing of an NDA with the FDA is an important step in the approval process in the United States. Acceptance for filing by the FDA does not mean that the NDA has been or will be approved, nor does it represent an evaluation of the adequacy of the data submitted. Further, the Company operates in industries where securities may be volatile and may be influenced by regulatory and other factors beyond the Company’s control. In addition, our inability to maintain or enter into, and the risks resulting from our dependence upon, collaboration or contractual arrangements necessary for the development, manufacture, commercialization, marketing, sales and distribution of any of our products could materially impact the Company's actual results. Important factors that the Company believes might cause such differences are discussed in the risk factors detailed in the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Registration Statements, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In assessing forward-looking statements contained herein, if any, the reader is urged to carefully read all cautionary statements contained in such filings.

For more detailed information regarding NovaDel’s 2009 financial results and its product pipeline, please review the Company’s SEC filings on Form 10-Q at the Investor Relations section of www.novadel.com.

Contact:

NovaDel Pharma Inc.
Steven B. Ratoff, 908-782-3431 ext. 2650
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
sratoff@novadel.com








                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
NovaDel Pharma (NVD) Announces Agreement with Debt Holder to Convert Their Notes to Equity  CombinatoRx, Incorporated (CRXX) Names New CEO  NovaDel Pharma (NVD) Announces Listing on OTC Bulletin Board  JDP Therapeutics, Inc. Announces Appointment of Joshua M. Tarnoff to CEO  NovaDel Pharma (NVD) Receives Issue Notification for New U.S. Patent Covering its Oral Spray Drug Delivery Technology  Clavis Pharma ASA Appoints Olav Hellebo as Chief Executive Officer  NovaDel Pharma (NVD) Announces Voluntary Delisting from NYSE Amex LLC and Pending Transfer to the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board  Thallion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Announces New CEO  NovaDel Pharma (NVD) Signs Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement with Hi-Tech Pharmacal (HITK)'s Subsidiary to Commercialize and Manufacture ZolpiMist(TM) in the US and Canada  Stem Cell Company t2cure GmbH Appoints Dr. Petra Rueck and Susanne Knigge as Co-CEOs  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            NovaDel Pharma Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 





























 



NovaDel Appoints Steven B. Ratoff President and Chief Executive Officer | Business Wire
























































NovaDel Appoints Steven B. Ratoff President and Chief Executive 
      Officer






January 11, 2010 08:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



FLEMINGTON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--NovaDel Pharma, Inc. (the “Company”) (OTCBB: NVDL) announced that the 
      Company’s Board of Directors has appointed Steven B. Ratoff as President 
      and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2010. Mr. Ratoff has 
      been Chairman of the Board since September 2006, Interim President and 
      Chief Executive Officer since July 2007 and Interim Chief Financial 
      Officer since April 2009. Mr. Ratoff will continue to serve as Interim 
      Chief Financial Officer.
    


      “With two products, ZolpiMist™ and NitroMist™, scheduled to enter the 
      marketplace later this year and the acceleration of our promising 
      product development program, we have reached an exciting point in our 
      company’s development and I am pleased to continue leading this effort.” 
      Mr. Ratoff added, “During the second half of 2009, the Company 
      strengthened its balance sheet with proceeds received on closing two 
      strategic licensing deals and the recently announced debt conversion.”
    

      The Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Ratoff, the 
      material terms of which will be disclosed on a Current Report on Form 
      8-K to be filed by the Company.
    

ABOUT NOVADEL PHARMA


      NovaDel Pharma Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company developing 
      oral spray formulations for a broad range of marketed drugs. The 
      Company’s proprietary technology offers, in comparison to conventional 
      oral dosage forms, the potential for faster absorption of drugs into the 
      bloodstream leading to quicker onset of therapeutic effects and possibly 
      reduced first pass liver metabolism, which may result in lower doses. 
      Oral sprays eliminate the requirement for water or the need to swallow, 
      potentially improving patient convenience and adherence.
    

      NovaDel’s oral spray technology is focused on addressing unmet medical 
      needs for a broad array of existing and future pharmaceutical products. 
      The Company’s most advanced oral spray candidates target cardiovascular 
      and central nervous system disorders. NovaDel plans to develop these and 
      other products independently and through collaborative arrangements with 
      pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. To find out more about 
      NovaDel Pharma Inc. (OTCBB: NVDL), visit our website at www.novadel.com.
    

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS:


      Except for historical information contained herein, this document may 
      contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private 
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve known 
      and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company’s actual 
      results or outcomes to be materially different from those anticipated 
      and discussed herein including, but not limited to, the ability of third 
      parties to commercialize the Company’s products, the successful 
      completion of its pilot pharmacokinetic feasibility studies, the ability 
      to develop products (independently and through collaborative 
      arrangements), the Company’s ability to obtain additional required 
      financing to fund its research programs, the ability to commercialize 
      and obtain FDA and other regulatory approvals for products under 
      development, and the acceptance in the marketplace for oral spray 
      products. The filing of an NDA with the FDA is an important step in the 
      approval process in the United States. Acceptance for filing by the FDA 
      does not mean that the NDA has been or will be approved, nor does it 
      represent an evaluation of the adequacy of the data submitted. Further, 
      the Company operates in industries where securities may be volatile and 
      may be influenced by regulatory and other factors beyond the Company’s 
      control. In addition, our inability to maintain or enter into, and the 
      risks resulting from our dependence upon, collaboration or contractual 
      arrangements necessary for the development, manufacture, 
      commercialization, marketing, sales and distribution of any of our 
      products could materially impact the Company's actual results. Important 
      factors that the Company believes might cause such differences are 
      discussed in the risk factors detailed in the Company’s most recent 
      Annual Report on Form 10-K and Registration Statements, filed with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission. In assessing forward-looking 
      statements contained herein, if any, the reader is urged to carefully 
      read all cautionary statements contained in such filings.
    

      For more detailed information regarding NovaDel’s 2009 financial results 
      and its product pipeline, please review the Company’s SEC filings on 
      Form 10-Q at the Investor Relations section of www.novadel.com.
    


Contacts

      NovaDel Pharma Inc.Steven B. Ratoff, 908-782-3431 ext. 2650Chairman, 
      President and Chief Executive Officersratoff@novadel.com














Release Summary
NovaDel Pharma, Inc. announced that the Company’s Board of Directors has appointed Steven B. Ratoff as President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2010.






Contacts

      NovaDel Pharma Inc.Steven B. Ratoff, 908-782-3431 ext. 2650Chairman, 
      President and Chief Executive Officersratoff@novadel.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















EGRX Steven B. Ratoff Insider Trades for Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EGRX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 6:24 p.m.


EGRX

/quotes/zigman/26589186/composite


$
75.00




Change

-0.20
-0.27%

Volume
Volume 8,373
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/26589186/composite
Previous close

$
			73.62
		


$
				75.20
			
Change

+1.58
+2.15%





Day low
Day high
$73.65
$76.40










52 week low
52 week high

            $42.33
        

            $97.15
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Steven B. Ratoff



Mr. Steven B. Ratoff is Independent Non-Employee Director at Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at NovaDel Pharma, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Mr. Ratoff was previously employed as Chairman by TorreyPines Therapeutics, Inc., Venture Partner by ProQuest Management LLC, President & Chief Executive Officer by MacroMed, Inc., Chairman & Interim Chief Executive Officer by CIMA Labs, Inc., Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by Brown-Forman Corp., Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., and a Principal by Arthur Andersen LLP. He also served on the board at InKine Pharmaceutical Co., Inc. and Axonyx, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Boston University and an MBA from the University of Michigan.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/13/2016
8,700


 
Disposition at $75 per share.


652,500


12/12/2016
1,300


 
Disposition at $75.07 per share.


97,591


04/03/2014
3,950


 
Acquisition at $12.79 per share.


50,520


02/18/2014
1,443


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/18/2014
8,571


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Michael  Graves 
Chairman




Mr. David M. Pernock 
President & Chief Commercial Officer




Mr. Scott L. Tarriff 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Peter A. Meyers 
Chief Financial & Accounting Officer




Dr. Adrian  Hepner 
EVP-Clinical Research & Regulatory Affairs




Dr. Peter E. Grebow 
Executive Vice President-Research & Development




Dr. Steven L. Krill 
Chief Scientific Officer & EVP




Mr. John  LaRocca 
Chief Compliance Officer, EVP & General Counsel




Mr. Richard A. Edling 
Director




Ms. Sherry  Korczynski 
Senior Vice President-Marketing




Mr. Ken  Degen 
Senior Vice President-Sales & Marketing




Dr. Paul  Bruinenberg 
Chief Medical Officer & Head-Research




Mr. Robert L. Glenning 
Director




Mr. Douglas Lee Braunstein 
Director




Mr. Sander A. Flaum 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Steven B. Ratoff 
Independent Non-Employee Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:21 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
12:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:49aHow OPEC committee’s coming meeting could make or break oil prices
11:15aA grandfather’s financial advice to his grandchildren
10:39aWhy one analyst calls this the ‘chart of the week, month and potentially year’
10:07aThe cracked benchmark? Why some investors want a new standard for bonds
10:05a7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































ProQuest Investments - Investment Team

















































Steven Ratoff, Venture Partner
Mr. Ratoff joined ProQuest as a Venture Partner in 2004. Mr. Ratoff is a seasoned executive with extensive experience in the global pharmaceutical and consumer products industries. Prior to joining ProQuest, Mr. Ratoff served as Chairman and Interim CEO of Cima Labs, Inc. He also served as President and CEO of MacroMed, Inc.  Previously, Mr. Ratoff served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Brown-Forman Corporation, a public diversified manufacturer of consumer products. He has also held a number of senior financial positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb, including Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Pharmaceutical Group. Prior to joining Bristol-Myers, Mr. Ratoff worked at Arthur Andersen & Co. 
Mr. Ratoff received a B.S. in business administration from Boston University and an M.B.A. with distinction from the University of Michigan. 



                        




















	CIMA Labs - Letter Agreement - Steven B. Ratoff




























                            Looking for an agreement? Search from over 1 million agreements now.
                        

















Sign in
|
Shopping Cart






Home > Agreement Preview




Letter Agreement - Steven B. Ratoff

This is an actual contract by CIMA Labs.
            Browse the agreement preview below and buy the entire agreement for $35
























Sectors:
Biotechnology / Pharmaceuticals




Governing Law:
Minnesota, View Minnesota State Laws





Effective Date:
May 01, 2003








					                        Save time and money with our Premium Packages (50% savings)
				                        








Search This Document










Searching... Please Wait.









		
                            Exhibit 10.4                                    CIMA LABS INC.                               EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT                 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into on April 30, 2003 by and between Cima Labs Inc., a Delaware corporation with its headquarters in Eden Prairie, Minnesota (the "Company"), and Steven B. Ratoff, a resident of Arizona ("Executive").                  A. The Company develops and manufactures prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products using fast-dissolve drug delivery technologies for sale around the world.                  B. Executive is an experienced business manager in the pharmaceutical industry and is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company.                  C. The Company's President and Chief Executive Officer has announced his retirement from the Company effective December 31, 2003 and from his position as President and Chief Executive Officer effective April 30, 2003.                  D. The Company desires for Executive to serve as interim Chief Executive Officer while it completes a search for candidates for the position, and Executive desires to serve in this capacity, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the respective agreements of the Company and Executive set forth below, the Company and Executive, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:                  1. Employment. Effective as of May 1, 2003, the Company shall employ Executive, and Executive shall accept such employment and perform services for the Company, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.                  2. Term of Employment. Unless terminated at an earlier date in accordance with Section 9 hereof, the term of Executive's employment with the Company shall be for the period commencing on May 1, 2003 and ending on October 31, 2003 (the "Term").                  3.     Position and Duties.                  (a) Employment with the Company. During Executive's employment with the Company hereunder, Executive shall report to the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") and shall perform such duties and responsibilities as the Board shall assign to him from time to time consistent with his position. Executive shall be an executive officer of the Company and Executive's title shall be "Interim Chief Executive Officer".                 (b) Board of Directors. Executive is currently a member and Chairman of the Board. While Executive is employed hereunder, Executive shall not receive any additional compensation from the Company in connection with his service as a director or Chairman.                  (c) Performance of Duties and Responsibilities. Executive shall serve the Company faithfully and to the best of his ability and shall devote his full working time, attention and efforts to the business of the Company during his employment with the Company. Executive hereby represents and confirms that he is under no contractual or legal commitments that would prevent him from fulfilling his duties and responsibilities as set forth in this Agreement. During his employment with the Company, Executive may participate in charitable activities and personal investment activities to a reasonable extent, and, subject to prior Board approval, may serve on boards of directors of other companies, so long as such activities do not interfere with the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder. The Company acknowledges and consents to Executive's service on the board of directors of Inkine Pharmaceutical Company, Inc.                  (d) Location. While Executive is employed by the Company hereunder, his employment shall be based at the Company's headquarters in Eden Prairie, Minnesota. Executive shall be available at the headquarters of the Company as reasonably required to carry out his duties and responsibilities hereunder.                  4.     Compensation.                  (a) Base Salary. While Executive is employed by the Company hereunder, the Company shall pay to Executive a monthly base salary of $28,045, less deductions and withholdings, which base salary shall be paid in accordance with the Company's normal payroll policies and procedures.                  (b) Incentive Bonus. While Executive is employed by the Company hereunder, Executive shall be eligible for an incentive bonus award of up to 70% of Executive's base salary, based upon achievement of defined objectives, to be determined in the sole discretion of the Board.                  (c) Stock Options. Subject to approval by the Board and the terms of a definitive stock option agreement to be entered into by the Company and Executive, the Company shall grant Executive a stock option to purchase 35,000 shares of common stock of the Company, which option shall vest 50% upon commencement of Executive's employment hereunder and 50% on the first anniversary of the commencement of Executive's employment hereunder, provided that Executive continues as an employee, consultant or director of the Company on such anniversary date.                  (d) Employee Benefits. Except as specifically stated in this Agreement, while Executive is employed by the Company hereunder, Executive shall not be entitled to participate in any employee benefit plans or programs of the Company. Executive hereby waives all right and interest he may have to benefits under such plans, including without limitation all medical                                         2   and dental plans, life and disability insurance plans, and retirement or pension plans sponsored by the Company.                  (e) Expenses. While Executive is employed by the Company hereunder, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, travel and entertainment expenses incurred by him in the performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder, subject to the Company's normal policies and procedures for expense verification and documentation. The Company shall also provide appropriate living and travel arrangements for Executive in the Minneapolis, Minnesota metropolitan area. If any of the payments made by the Company as described in this Section 4(e) are determined to be income to Executive for federal income tax purposes, the Company shall also pay to Executive an additional amount equal to 40% of the amount determined to be income.                  (f) Vacation. While Executive is employed by the Company hereunder, Executive shall receive two (2) weeks paid vacation time off. Vacation time shall be taken at such times so as not to unduly disrupt the operations of the Company.                  5. Confidential Information. Except as permitted by the Company's Board, during the term of Executive's employment with the Company and at all times thereafter, Executive shall not divulge, furnish or make accessible to anyone or use in any way other than in the ordinary course of the business of the Company, any confidential, proprietary or secret knowledge or information of the Company that Executive has acquired or shall acquire during his employment with the Company, whether developed by himself or by others, concerning (i) any trade secrets, (ii) any confidential, proprietary or secret designs, processes, formulae, plans, devices or material (whether or not patented or patentable) directly or indirectly useful in any aspect of the business of the Company, (iii) any customer or supplier lists of the Company, (iv) any confidential, proprietary or secret development or research work of the Company, (v) any strategic or other business, marketing or sales plans of the Company, (vi) any financial data or plans respecting the Company, or (vii) any other confidential or proprietary information or secret aspects of the business of the Company. Executive acknowledges that the above-described knowledge and information constitutes a unique and valuable asset of the Company and represents a substantial investment of time and expense by the Company, and that any disclosure or other use of such knowledge or information other than for the sole benefit of the Company would be wrongful and would cause irreparable harm to the Company. During the term of Executive's employment with the Company, Executive shall refrain from any acts or omissions that would reduce the value of such knowledge or information to the Company. The foregoing obligations of confidentiality shall not apply to any knowledge or information that (i) is now or subsequently becomes generally publicly known in the form in which it was obtained from the Company, (ii) is independently made available to Executive in good faith by a third party who has not violated a confidential relationship with the Company, or (iii) is required to be disclosed by legal process, other than as a direct or indirect result of the breach of this Agreement by Executive.                  6. Ventures. If, during the term of Executive's employment with the Company, Executive is engaged in or associated with the planning or implementing of any                                         3   project, program or venture involving the Company and a third party or parties, all rights in such project, program or venture shall belong to the Company. Except as approved in writing by the Board, Executive shall not be entitled to any interest in any such project, program or venture or to any commission, finder's fee or other compensation in connection therewith, other than the compensation to be paid to Executive by the Company as provided herein. Executive shall have no interest, direct or indirect, in any customer or supplier that conducts business with the Company, unless such interest has been disclosed in writing to and approved by the Board before such customer or supplier seeks to do business with the Company. Ownership by Executive, as a passive investment, of less than 5.0% of the outstanding shares of capital stock of any corporation listed on a national securities exchange or publicly traded in the over-the-counter market shall not constitute a breach of this Section 6.                  7.     Noncompetition Covenant.                  (a) Agreement Not to Compete. During the term of Executive's employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months from the date of the termination of such employment, whether such termination is with or without Cause (as defin
                        
	





 -- End of Preview -- 














View other agreements from CIMA Labs Agreements

CIMA Labs - Chief Financial Officer Employment Agreement
CIMA Labs - Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement
CIMA Labs - Amendment To Supply Agreement
CIMA Labs - Amendment To Development License Agreement
CIMA Labs - 1994 Directors' Stock Option Plan










Home| 
               About Us|
               FAQ|
                Subscription |
               Contact Us |
               







Privacy Policy  
                Terms of Service
                 
                


                © Copyright Socratek L.L.C. 2011
            



Steven B. Ratoff, Chmn., Novadel Pharma Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Steven Ratoff 





 


Steven Ratoff

 

Chmn. - Novadel Pharma Inc.

 


Steven Ratoff Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Novadel Pharma Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.novadel.com 

 

Company Address : 
25 Minneakoning Rd., Flemington, NJ,United States, 


 


Steven Ratoff Profile :
Chmn. - Novadel Pharma Inc. 

 


Steven Ratoff Biography :


Mr. Ratoff was appointed by NovaDel's Board in July, 2007, to serve as Interim President and CEO.Mr. Ratoff, a private investor, joined our Board in January 2006 and was elected Chairman of the Board in September 2006. Mr. Ratoff has served as a Venture Partner with ProQuest Investments, a health care venture capital firm, and is a member of the Board of Directors of TorreyPines Therapeutics, Inc. He also served as Chairman of the Board and Interim CEO of CIMA Labs, Inc. prior to its sale to Cephalon, Inc., and as Senior VP and CFO of the Pharmaceutical Group at Bristol-Myers Squibb. Mr. Ratoff brings extensive credentials to the Company from his distinguished career in the pharmaceutical and consumer goods industries.Mr. Ratoff received his B.S. in Business Administration from Boston University and an M.B.A. with Distinction from the University of Michigan. Mr. Ratoff is also a retired Certified Public Accountant. 

 


Steven Ratoff Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


William Hamilton 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Thomas Bonney 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Jan Egberts 
Dir., CEO, Pres. 
Please login 


Jay Lobell 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Charles Nemeroff 
Board Dir. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.



