




Raven











































































  















			Home		


wpengine 


			2017-03-09T22:16:01+00:00		






 


Raven Provides Solution Capital to the Lower Middle Market.

We focus on two types of investments:
 
Loans secured by assets
Outright purchase of cash-flowing assets

Learn More 

 
 



Raven Is a Boutique, Alternative Investment Manager.

Raven Capital Management LLC (“Raven”) specializes in the primary origination, underwriting, execution and management of direct asset-based investments.
Learn More 

 


Raven Provides Solution Capital to the Lower Middle Market.

We focus on two types of investments:
 
Loans secured by assets
Outright purchase of cash-flowing assets

Learn More 

 
 
 





 
 

 
 
 






































































































































 







Ravensview Capital Management, LLC - Investing- Eberhardt  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Ravensview Capital Management, LLC

      Industry: Investing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2995 Nw Imperial Terrace  
    Portland, OR, 97210Phone: 503-701-3448 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-20


New


$20,000


$20,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Joseph Sean Eberhardt 
 Director 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Ravensview Capital Management, LLC  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Ravensview Capital Management, LLC  Financing
Ravensview Capital Management, LLC just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite equity financing.  This is a new filing. Ravensview Capital Management, LLC was able to sell $20,000. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 1 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $1,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-20. Ravensview Capital Management, LLC is based in  2995 NW IMPERIAL TERRACE  PORTLAND 97210. The firm's business is Investing. The firm's revenue range is No Revenues. The form was signed by  Joseph Eberhardt.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001687935




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Ravensview Capital Management, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
OREGON
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Ravensview Capital Management, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2995 NW IMPERIAL TERRACE

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


PORTLAND
OREGON
97210
503-701-3448


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Eberhardt
Joseph
Sean


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2995 NW Imperial Terrace

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Portland
OREGON
97210



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Managing Member of LLC
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


X
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


X
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-10-16

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
X
Other (describe)



Membership Interests in LLC



10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$1,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$20,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


X
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.
0



Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
1


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Proceeds are for working capitalSignature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Ravensview Capital Management, LLC
Joseph Sean Eberhardt
Joseph Sean Eberhardt
Managing Member
2016-10-19


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Ravensview Capital Management, LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-20New Form DIndefinite$20,000Indefinite$1,000106b[view]
Ravensview Capital Management, LLC List of ExecutivesJoseph Eberhardt











Last visited: AIM-Vehcon-2014 LLC, AIMS/NJ Multi-Strategy Portfolio LLC, Riverview Multi-Client Solutions Fund LP, Riverview Multi-Client Solutions Fund LP, Private Markets Income Fund I (Cayman) LP

								© 
							































Heather Beusse Eberhardt, Portland, OR - BrightScope Advisor Pages

































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top
Home>Advisor Pages>Heather Beusse Eberhardt








Heather Beusse EberhardtFind an Advisor




OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees








Is this you?Claim this profile


Share



Follow

Following








Heather Beusse Eberhardt
Ravensview Capital Management, LLC














Portland
ORFind an Advisor





OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees











Overview








Description
        
This advisor is no longer actively registered and has no available registration history....











Information
        


other names

N/A
            


Other Firms
N/A




doing business as
N/A


type
Registration Status is Currently Unknown







Location
        





Portland,
OR



N/A
          








Services








Advisor Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.







Boeing Fee Settlement Highlights the High Bar for Large Plans
BrightScope Editorial







Funds







Funds Used With Clients
        




There are no funds listed for this advisor at this time.








Firm Client types








Qualifications







Experience


No timeline events available.














Are YouHeather Beusse Eberhardt?
          


Claim your profilefor FREE

Update yourcontact information

Highlight your specialtiesand expertise

Claim this free profile






Designations & Memberships




Membership information not available

















Articles and Answers







Insights by Heather Eberhardt
        




There are no insights for this advisor to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Answers
        Ask a financial questionAsk a question




There are no answers for this advisor to display at this time.










Advisor Links
        




There are no links for this advisor to display at this time.










Licenses & Conducts








U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


license status



disclosures
None


as of date

N/A







FINRA


license status



disclosures
None


as of date

N/A






Review the status and details of the disclosures noted above using the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure website:
See Disclosure Details








Assets







Ravensview Capital Management, LLC
Last updated on April 5, 2017





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          














Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Hourly Charges












Other Advisors in Your Area





Herbert N Glass
Glass Retirement Strategies, Inc.
Bingham Farms, MIView Profile






Michael Reid, CFA®
Exchange Capital Management Inc
Ann Arbor, MIView Profile






Ken Krausman

Bloomfield Hills, MIView Profile






Melissa Joy CFP®
Center for Financial Planning Inc
Southfield, MIView Profile






Robert Paul Schmansky
Clear Financial Advisors, LLC
Livonia, MIView Profile






Richard Thomas Phillips
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Farmington, MIView Profile



See All Advisors










Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations







































Products | AU Capital Management
























































AU Capital Management





Search for:


 








AU Capital Management / Products

Inventory
AUCM Coin Inventory: Displayed by Date……. Click Here to View New Coins Just Added




	Showing 1–16 of 285 results


Default sorting
Sort by popularity
Sort by newness
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low




 $ 1 Indian Gold Dollar, Type 3 NGC MS62
$350


 $ 1 Indian Gold Dollar, Type 3 PCGS MS63
$430


 $ 1 Liberty Gold Dollar, Type 1 NGC MS62
$295


 $ 1 Liberty Gold Dollar, Type 1 PCGS MS63
$400


 $ 2.50 Indian Quarter Eagle NGC MS62
$350


 $ 2.50 Indian Quarter Eagle PCGS MS63
$385


 $ 2.50 Liberty Quarter Eagle NGC MS62
$325


 $ 2.50 Liberty Quarter Eagle PCGS MS63
$360


 $ 3 Indian Princess NGC MS63
$2,750


 $ 3 Indian Princess PCGS MS63
$2,750


 $ 5 Indian Half Eagle NGC MS62
$625


 $ 5 Indian Half Eagle PCGS MS63
$785


 $ 5 Liberty Half Eagle NGC MS62
$355


 $ 5 Liberty Half Eagle PCGS MS63
$470






Search Inventory
Search for:




Filter by price





Filter

						Price:  — 




Product CategoriesFirst Year of Issue (17)
Highlights (33)
Shipwreck Recovery (23)
Sealed Bid Auction (0)
Key Dates (26)
CAC Stickered (15)
Colonial Coinage (0)
U.S. Copper (3)
U.S. Nickels (0)
U.S. Silver Denom. (24)
U.S. Commemoratives (9)
U.S. Silver Dollars (18)
U.S. Gold (79)
Pioneer Gold (29)
California Gold (24)
Hart's Coins of West (7)
California Fractional (53)
Templeton Reid (0)
Bechtler Gold (3)
Mormon Gold (1)
Oregon Gold (0)
Colorado Gold (2)
Bars & Ingots (13)
Patterns (3)
World Coins (10)
Ancients (39)
Modern Coins (14)
Currency (18)
SOLD coins (2521)







 
Shopping Cart 

AUCM in Video

CoinWeek Cool Coins Video - 1907 High Relief $20 - PCGS MS69 CAC 

 Recent Posts 

Ancient Coins – A Soldier’s Share of Alexander the Great’s Plunder


Ancient Roman Coins – A Conspiracy to Assassinate the Emperor


Ancient Greek Coins – Zeus at Olympia


 

Contact Information Russell A. Augustin - President
AU Capital Management, LLC
7380 W. Sand Lake Road
Suite 500
Orlando, FL 32819
(407) 352-3966
(949) 606-6235 (cell 24/7)
(407) 351-1901 (fax)
russell@aucm.com

 

































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisor
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find and Research a Financial Advisor
    





Search




Advisor Name







Active advisors only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Advisor Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/advisor/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Asset-Based Fees (511,679)



Fixed Fees (427,554)



Hourly Charges (257,249)



Commissions (238,813)



Fee Only (957)






State Approval



All states



California (192,949)



Florida (189,612)



Texas (168,976)



New York (157,623)



North Carolina (132,047)






Current Employer



No preference



Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (34,514)



Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC (26,639)



J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (25,622)



Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (24,260)









Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (273,106)



100M - 500M (31,171)



1B - 10B (92,720)



10B - 100B (113,962)



> 100B (174,259)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (41,116)



100 - 500K (380,641)



500K - 1M (19,777)



1M - 10M (25,756)






Client Types



No Preference



Individuals (565,046)



High Net Worth Individuals (564,980)



Pension And Profit Sharing Plans (564,631)



Charitable Organizations (564,242)



State Or Municipal Government Entities (564,021)






Financial Advisor Search Results


739,533 results













George Cones, JD 



                            
    					    Third Sigma Investment Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilmington, DE
			        













George Cabalu 



                            
    					    Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Mclean, VA
			        













Andrew Comstock, CFA 



                            
    					    Castlebar Asset Management, LLC
                            
                                


			            Leawood, KS
			        













Curtis E. Hollowell 



                            
    					    Redmount Capital Partners LLC
                            
                                


			            Newport Beach, CA
			        













John A. Frisch CPA/PFS, CFP®, AIF®, PPC 



                            
    					    Alliant Wealth Advisors
                            
                                


			            Prince William, VA
			        













James D. Kinney, CFP® 



                            
    					    Financial Pathways
                            
                                


			            Bridgewater, NJ
			        













Arie J. Korving, CFP® 



                            
    					    Korving & Company LLC
                            
                                


			            Suffolk, VA
			        













Tony Krance, MBA, CFP®, AIF® 



                            
    					    401K Plan Advisors
                            
                                


			            Green Bay, WI
			        













Eve L. Kaplan, CFP® 



                            
    					    Kaplan Financial Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Berkeley Heights, NJ
			        













Kimberly L. Curtis, CFP®, ChFC, CLU, CAP, AEP, MSFS 



                            
    					    Wealth Legacy Institute, Inc.
                            
                                


			            Denver, CO
			        













Lyle Himebaugh 



                            
    					    Granite Group Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilton, CT
			        













Martin "Marty" Leclerc 



                            
    					    Barrack Yard Advisors, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC
                            
                                



			            Washington, DC
			        













Clint Haynes 



                            
    					    Nextgen Wealth, LLC
                            
                                


			            Lee'S Summit, MO
			        













Jonathan N. Castle, MSFS, CFP® 



                            
    					    Paragon Wealth Strategies, LLC.
                            
                                


			            Jacksonville, FL
			        













Nicholas Olesen, CFP®, CRPC® 



                            
    					    Private Advisor Group, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    LPL Financial LLC
                            
                                



			            King Of Prussia, PA
			        








1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations































Ravensview Capital Management, LLC. | Alternative Investment Advice
























 



 

 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 









 
 

Investment Counsel
to Guide Your Capital

Ravensview Capital provides fee-based ongoing investment advice to its clients for a measured response to the dynamic and ever changing markets.
A focus on alternative investment assets (e.g. commodities) and alternative styles (e.g. pairs trading) gives a client’s portfolio the opportunity to zig when the market zags.
 Contact






 





 

One man’s ‘magic’ is another man’s engineering. -Robert A. Heinlein
Is it possible to have your investments less buffeted by the winds of change or to own a portfolio that ‘defies gravity’ in a falling market?
The short answer is: yes. Constructing a portfolio to be insulated against wide market swings involves financial engineering and the application of economic theory.
Financial engineering concepts are used by Ravensview Capital as a suite of tools and models to balance a client’s portfolio and build appropriate hedges by applying mathematics, statistics and computational science.
Economics, as a science, grounds the use of our financial engineering methods in well researched theories of behavior and markets. Applied economics, as an art, enters a realm of forecasting and statistical probabilities where the possibilities of both opportunity and risk can be explored. Ravensview Capital seeks to best position a client for when theory meets reality; when now meets the future.
 
 
 
 



The Raven’s View
 

The raven operates under the principle of “Strategic Opportunism” and so does Ravensview Capital.
The basic two-fold premise behind professional arbitrage are the actions of positioning and striking. An assessment of probabilities for both opportunity and risk allows the client’s portfolio to best be positioned to be able to strike with success and achieve arbitrage.
The watchful raven views it’s surroundings to be unusually well positioned and quick to strike when the target avails itself. The raven is equally quick to take flight should the activity prove fruitless or excessively challenging.
Ravensview Capital actively manages it’s clients investments in a prudent manner that continually seeks opportunity while mitigating risk.


Who said: “there ain’t no such thing as a free lunch?”  (Actually, that was both Robert A. Heinlein and the economist Milton Friedman.)
As a mountaineer in the Cascade Mountains, Joe Eberhardt would notice that often when a climbing party would drop their backpacks and move even just 20’ away or so ravens would appear. First, the ravens would quietly swoop into position nearby and view the climbers for a bit. Then emboldened by the absence of the climbers from their packs a raven would venture forward and begin to open a loose pack flap to be rewarded with someone’s sack lunch. When the unfortunate climber returned to their pack they would find bits and pieces of the remains, but no lunch. Though not exactly free and requiring some small work on the raven’s part, the resulting arbitrage from positioning and striking was no less than professional and obviously the result of many successful past attempts. TANSTAAFL.

 
 
 
 



Disclosure
Warranties & Disclaimers
 
There are no warranties implied.
Ravensview Capital Management, LLC (“Ravensview Capital”) is a registered investment adviser located in Portland, Oregon. Ravensview Capital may only transact business in those states in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. Ravensview Capital’s web site is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Accordingly, the publication of Ravensview Capital’s web site on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as Ravensview Capital’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the Internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by Ravensview Capital with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. For information pertaining to the registration status of Ravensview Capital, please contact the state securities regulators for those states in which Ravensview Capital maintains a registration filing. A copy of Ravensview Capital’s current written disclosure statement discussing Ravensview Capital’s business operations, services, and fees is available at the SEC’s investment adviser public information website – www.adviserinfo.sec.gov or from Ravensview Capital upon written request. Ravensview Capital does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Ravensview Capital’s web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefor. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.
This website and information are provided for guidance and information purposes only. Investments involve risk and unless otherwise stated, are not guaranteed. Be sure to first consult with a qualified financial adviser and/or tax professional before implementing any strategy. This website and information are not intended to provide investment, tax, or legal advice.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


















About Us | Ravensview Capital Management, LLC.
























 



 

 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 
















About Us



 
Ravensview Capital was formed in 2016 to bring alternative and hedge fund investment styles directly to client portfolios. It is our belief that a comprehensive portfolio that intimately uses these techniques is more effective and efficient than a simple inclusion of an allocation to a hedge fund.






 



Past and Pedigree
 

Non-traditional (or alternative) investments are generally a not well understood category of investing. Part asset allocation and part active management, alternatives have the potential to boost a client’s portfolio and reduce its volatility.
The Ravensview Capital staff have extensive experience in energy trading and its primary commodities of oil and natural gas. The growing area of renewable energy from wind and solar is also extremely well understood, and this aids in evaluating Master Limited Partnerships and similar resource-based alternative asset classes.
Additional areas of commodity experience include trading precious and industrial metals (gold, silver, and copper).
Alternative investment styles employed by the staff of Ravensview Capital have included primarily arbitrage: pairs trading, global macro, convertible arbitrage, and event driven: merger arbitrage, and special situations (distressed) securities. New styles are continually being evaluated in paper portfolios and tested with real market orders prior to client placement.


Financial engineering is an evolving multi-disciplinary field that ranges from application of statistics and option theory to complex optimization models and big data analysis. The use of these techniques in a client’s portfolio can be compared to fine tuning a race car engine.
The Ravensview Capital staff have built from scratch mathematical portfolio optimizers using the principles of Modern Portfolio Theory as well as Monte Carlo simulators. Together these have been used to find efficient allocations of assets in light of both historical past shocks as well as potential future black swan events. These methods are used to build superior client portfolios and stress test them.
Future horizons include understanding the potential for machine learning and its application as a means to monitor, predict, and promote appropriate hedges for systemic risk in a client’s portfolio.

 
 
 
 




Joe Eberhardt
 Managing Member &
 Investment Adviser Representative 
Education and registration:

Series 65 exam passed and registered as an investment adviser representative. Founder and managing member of Ravensview Capital Management, LLC.
Post-graduate work at Oregon State University in resource economics, econometrics, statistics, and advanced mathematics.
Masters Degree in Economics and Geography (double major for a masters program) Southern Illinois University. Specializing in resource economics, environmental modeling, and advanced mathematical optimization techniques.
Bachelors Degree in Finance (with a minor in economics). Southern Illinois University. Specialized in portfolio optimization, macro economics, and money & banking. Previously, had completed 3 years toward a degree in physics.

Striving to learn and do more, Joe Eberhardt has developed a diverse background that spans multiple fields of knowledge. Occupational sectors have included academia and the private sector with exposure to both regulated and unregulated industries and businesses. He has developed significant technical skills collected over a 25 year career include all aspects of trading, hedge and derivatives use, fundamental and technical analysis, and comprehensive investment and securities product knowledge.
Commodities background [15 years experience]:

Utility energy trading and structured products lead for Portland General Electric. Traded standard products, cross-commodity transactions, and created unique structures in power, natural gas and oil. Extensive use of derivatives, and application of these to a self-created proprietary trading model. Applied hedge fund style strategies in the commodities space, including: pairs trading, leveraged directional trades, convertible arbitrage (delta trading), and event driven trades.
Commodity storage expert directing the Pacific Northwest’s largest oil tank facility, managing: physical volumes, logistics, financial trading and hedging for crude oil and heating oil. Modeled and determined optimal natural gas storage to power multiple gas-fired power plants.

Renewable energy background [10 year experience]:

Lead developer at Portland General Electric for renewable energy projects in solar and geothermal power, and helped pioneer wind energy in the Pacific Northwest. Led a complex pumped storage hydropower project development and FERC licensing process for EDF Renewable Energy.

Adviser, brokerage, and academia background:

Hedge fund specialist for Windermere Investment Associates in charge of all hedge fund research, style comprehension, selection, and performance reporting to high-net-worth clients of the investment adviser firm. [2 years]
Series 7 and Series 63 exams passed and formerly registered as a registered representative for Edward Jones selling investment products. [1 year, then decided selling as an end was lacking and wanted to be more aligned with the client’s needs]
Taught fundamental economics courses for Oregon State University as full time instructor. Taught investments, corporate finance and fundamental economics for Linfield College as an evening instructor. [6 years total]

Joe Eberhardt is continuing his growth in wealth management knowledge by working toward the Certified Financial Planner (CFP) credentials.
When not glued to a computer monitor or talking with a client, Joe enjoys the great outdoors and is an avid mountaineer. Joe is a climb leader with the Portland, Oregon-based Mazamas alpine club, and frequently leads climbs and teaches climber education as a volunteer.
 
 
 
 



We Believe
We believe prosperity is the result of purposeful acts to seek sustainable growth.
Ravensview Capital provides masterful investment management of portfolios crafted with the highest quality professional skills and advanced tools.
We educate, counsel and directly guide client’s and their wealth to prosperity.
We are wealth builders.
 
 

Code of Ethics
Ravensview Capital has an overarching fiduciary duty to its clients.
In order to uphold that duty and to protect client’s and their investments, Ravensview Capital has created a comprehensive set of guidelines and processes. These standards of conduct have been adopted as a Code of Ethics.
All owners/members and employees of Ravensview Capital are required to adhere to the Code of Ethics.
Click on the button below to access and read the complete Code of Ethics.
 
Read More

 
 


Professionalism
Ravensview Capital is a specialty investment adviser firm that strives for high standards and aspires to exceed our client’s expectations of professionalism. We are:
Registered with FINRA as –

CRD#286242 = Ravensview Capital Management, LLC
CRD#2395994 = Joseph Eberhardt

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 










