

	RAVENEUR Trademark of Raveneur Investment Group LP. Serial Number: 86166302 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
RAVENEUR










 
Get FREE email alerts













RAVENEUR  Trademark Information
 Raveneur Investment Group LP
Hedge fund investment services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
hedge   fund   investment   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the RAVENEUR trademark by Raveneur Investment Group LP 
                                in New York, NY, 10022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this RAVENEUR trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Raveneur Investment Group LP of the RAVENEUR trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the RAVENEUR trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, January 15, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        RAVENEUR by 
                        Raveneur Investment Group LP, New York, NY  10022.
                        The USPTO has given the RAVENEUR 
                        trademark serial  number of  86166302.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for RAVENEUR is 
                        
                        
                                            DUSAN CLARK of 
                                            Sidley Austin LLP,  2021 McKinney Avenue, Suite 2000, Dallas TX 75201 
                                .
                            The RAVENEUR trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for RAVENEUR 
                            is Hedge fund investment services. 
                            





Word mark:
 RAVENEUR


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

3/3/2015



  Serial Number:  
86166302


  Filing Date:  
1/15/2014


 Registration Number:  
4697089 


 Registration Date:  
3/3/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Hedge fund investment services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/27/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

Raveneur Investment Group LPNew York, NY  10022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


DUSAN CLARK
Sidley Austin LLP
2021 McKinney Avenue, Suite 2000
Dallas TX 75201






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
12/1/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
12/1/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your RAVENEUR trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/3/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DUSAN CLARK


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of RAVENEUR trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search raveneur on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for RAVENEUR 




RAVENEUR is providing Hedge fund investment services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 






RAVENEUR INVESTMENT GROUP LP New York NY, 10022 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Securities, Commodity Brokers, and Services
Raveneur Investment Group LP
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Raveneur Investment Group LP



510 Madison Ave

New York,
							
							
							 NY
							
							
							 10022-5730
							
							 |  view map


(212) 702-0153

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

RAVENEUR INVESTMENT GROUP LP is in the Security Brokers, Dealers and Flotation Companies industry in New York, NY.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Security Brokers, Dealers and Flotation Companies
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2014
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Barnes & Noble


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Coats Electric CO Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Hammer & CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


Walbro


Montgomery Marine Repair


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Ideal Construction CO








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Raveneur Investment Group LP
Rate Raveneur Investment Group LP on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Raveneur Investment Group LP
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLTAIRE
VOGUE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGT JAMES B MD
VUDEN INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
W & B TRUCKING INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

AIR CONDITIONING SEC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
CONTORNO INC
ADVENT I LLC
GOODY 2 SHOES
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
PANALPINA INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
AZURADISC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
STINGER WELDING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Raveneur Investment Group LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























raveneur investment group lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Raveneur Investment Group LP offers investment management services. The Company provides portfolio management and investment advisory services to private funds and separate account clients. Raveneur Investment Group serves investors in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

510 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10022
United States


Phone:
1-212-887-2500


Fax:
-























From The Web











Key Executives


Mark Steven Black


CEO/Chief Invsmt Ofcr/Founder




Adam Rockfeld


CFO/COO/Chief Compliance Ofcr







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































RAVENEUR FUND LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      RAVENEUR FUND LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Raveneur Fund is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-06-13. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from RAVENEUR FUND LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




raveneur fund lp


510 MADISON AVENUE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10022


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-887-2500







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 06/13/2016
D/A filed on 06/12/2015
D filed on 06/12/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-06-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
29,150,000
INDEFINITE


2015-06-12
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
10,650,000
INDEFINITE


2014-06-12
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
4,350,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ADAM W.  ROCKFELD

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MARK S.  BLACK

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   RAVENEUR FUND GP LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   RAVENEUR INVESTMENT GROUP LP

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















        IAPD - Investment Adviser Search

































                    An official website of the United States Government
                    




















Individual


Firm









                        at
                    










5 Miles
15 Miles
25 Miles











Search












Below is a list of all possible matches that were returned based on the search criteria you provided.   Search results may include both investment advisers and broker-dealers.  Results show whether each firm is an investment adviser, broker-dealer or both. 
Clicking the Get Details button will provide you with a summary for the individual or firm.
For additional information, please see the information below the list of possible matches. 


1 Result






RAVENEUR INVESTMENT GROUP LP(CRD# 170753)
Alternate Names:
                    





                                510 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10022






                    Investment Adviser Firm(Inactive)













The investment advisers listed above are (or were in the last 10 years) registered with the SEC and/or the states, or exempt from registration but required to file reports with the SEC and/or the states.
The broker-dealers listed above have information in FINRA’s BrokerCheck system.
By clicking on any investment adviser above, you will be viewing the most recent Form ADV it filed. Investment advisers file a Form ADV to register with the SEC and/or the states. Exempt Reporting Advisers complete a portion of Form ADV for purposes of reporting to the SEC and/or the states.
By clicking on any broker-dealer above, you will be linked to FINRA's BrokerCheck system to view information about that broker-dealer.
If you would like additional information about an investment adviser (such as the investment adviser's previously filed Form ADVs), contact the SEC Public Reference Room (202-551-8090) or contact a state where the investment adviser is registered or files reports.
If the individual or firm you are searching for is not listed above, click here for suggestions.
Please click here to return to the beginning of the search results.  


























Hedge fund Raveneur gets going with Blackstone, PAAMCO money-sources | Reuters

























































































Discover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupport3 years agoHedge fund Raveneur gets going with Blackstone, PAAMCO money-sources#Russia#Trump#Earnings#Healthcare#CyberRisk#FutureOfMoney#Energy&EnvironmentSectionsBusinessMarketsWorldPoliticsTechCommentaryBreakingviewsMoneyLifePicturesReuters TVDiscover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportFeaturedCyber RiskBooming cyber security job market boon for hackersFuture of MoneyDigital currency start-ups shrug off SEC warning on fund raisingThe Trump Administration Scaramucci lashes colleagues in obscene rantPicturesReuters TVEditionUnited StatesAfricaAmérica LatinaعربيArgentinaBrasilCanada中国DeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItalia日本MéxicoРОССИЯUnited KingdomUnited States#Market NewsSeptember 30, 2014 /  3:45 PM / 3 years agoHedge fund Raveneur gets going with Blackstone, PAAMCO money-sourcesSvea Herbst-Bayliss3 Min ReadSept 30 (Reuters) - New York-based hedge fund startup Raveneur Investment Group has signed up investment giants Blackstone Group LP and Pacific Alternative Asset Management (PAAMCO) as clients, according to sources familiar with the fund. The fund has received $150 million from PAAMCO and is slated to receive $200 million from Blackstone according to the sources. Both Blackstone, which has seeded Marcato Capital Management and Senator Investment Group, and PAAMCO have a track record of spotting rising stars. The cash infusion will be a boost to Raveneur founder and hedge fund veteran Mark S. Black, who is focusing his portfolio on Europe's sputtering recovery as well as event-driven opportunities in the United States, according to investors. He particularly likes the financial and automotive industries in Europe, including Italy and Spain, according to the sources who asked not to be named. "Throughout his career, Mark Black has made a lot of money for clients," said one investor who has known the 46-year-old founder for years. "He is just building the firm, but it could be compared to a firm like Baupost in its thought process and investing style," the person said, referring to Seth Klarman's hyper-successful hedge fund Baupost Group. Despite the buzz, Raveneur is keeping a low profile, with Black rarely speaking in public and declining interviews. He did not respond to requests for comment. Long View Investors in the fund said that Raveneur is seeking to differentiate itself within the $3 trillion hedge fund industry by seeking longer investment horizons. The firm plans to have between 20 and 35 names in its portfolio at a time and hold its investments between one and three years. It will invest across the capital structure and switch between owning both short- and long-term debt as well as common equity, the investors said. So far neither Raveneur nor its investors have said what the firm holds. But because clients have committed roughly $400 million in assets, the firm will have to begin filing holdings data with U.S. regulators. Black, who has an MBA from Stanford and previously worked at Tricadia Capital Management and Eton Park Capital Management, wooed industry veterans, including former Fortress Group chief financial officer Adam Rockfeld, to join the startup. Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are its prime brokers. Raveneur has signaled to investors that it plans to soft close before the fund hits $1 billion in assets, which would make it a small player compared industry titans like Baupost, which manages more than $20 billion. But that may be a boon to its investors. Academic research has shown that newer and smaller firms tend to deliver better returns than the bigger established players. Nonetheless, launching a hedge fund is a risky proposition. Last year 1,060 new funds opened and 904 closed down, Hedge Fund Research data show.   (Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; editing by Richard Valdmanis and G Crosse)0 : 0narrow-browser-and-phonemedium-browser-and-portrait-tabletlandscape-tabletmedium-wide-browserwide-browser-and-largermedium-browser-and-landscape-tabletmedium-wide-browser-and-largerabove-phoneportrait-tablet-and-aboveabove-portrait-tabletlandscape-tablet-and-abovelandscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browserportrait-tablet-and-belowlandscape-tablet-and-belowAppsNewslettersReuters PlusAdvertising GuidelinesCookiesTerms of UsePrivacyAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.

