    William Raver | National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust | ZoomInfo.com    William Raver | National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust | ZoomInfo.comWilliam J. Raver, Board Dir., Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of William Raver 





 


William Raver

 

Board Dir. - Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd.

 


William Raver Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. 

 

Company Website : 
www.endurancebermuda.com 

 

Company Address : 
Wellesley House90 Pitts Bay Rd., Pembroke, ,Bermuda, 


 


William Raver Profile :
Board Dir. - Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. 

 


William Raver Biography :


William J. Raver has been a director since May 2006. Mr. Raver has been the Chief Operating Officer of Verizon Investment Management Corporation since 2003. In this role, he helps oversee $65 billion of Verizon retirement plan assets and is responsible for all financial reporting and fiduciary functions. He joined a predecessor company of Verizon in 1997 as a Managing Director in charge of externally-managed public and private investment activity. From 1994 to 1997, Mr. Raver was Director of Research at Evaluation Associates, an investment consulting firm. His earlier career includes senior level positions in corporate treasury with Young & Rubicam, Cadbury Schweppes, Stauffer Chemical and Avon Products. Mr. Raver currently serves as a director or trustee of Brandes Research Institute, Norwalk Hospital, Lafayette College and the Greenwich Roundtable. He also serves as an Advisory Board Member to Mellon Bank and Northern Trust Global Investments. 

 


William Raver Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Michael McGuire 
CFO 
Please login 


Michael Angelina 
Chief Actuary, Chief Risk Officer 
Please login 


William Jewett 
CEO, Pres. - Worldwide Reinsurance Operations 
Please login 


John O'Connor 
COO, Pres. - Endurance Services Limited 
Please login 


David Cash 
Chief Underwriting Officer 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

© 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.














 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Williams Products Incorporated













Home


Products


Concrete


Masonry


Thermal and Water Protection
 


Custom Designs


Tech Data


Sealants









Welcome to Williams Products



A Worldwide supplier of Construction Seal 
				and Gasket Material






The Williams Product line, 
Everlastic®, 
				covers a wide variety of "Job Tested" products specifically 
				designed and manufactured to fulfill a required function.  They 
				are widely specified by the Architect/Engineer and used by the 
				concerned contractor.


					Williams Products, Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
					distributes architectural gaskets, seals, and waterstops. 
					Established in 1953, we have over 75 years of combined in 
					house experience and have developed many extruded neoprene 
					gaskets that have been the standard of the concrete and 
					masonry industries, with many of our products being original 
					concepts that are patented and trademarked.
					 

					 

					We have long supplied major contractors throughout the 
					world, as well as U.S. government agencies; providing our 
					materials for dams, bridges, wastewater treatment 
					facilities, hydroelectric, coal, and nuclear power plants. 
					We have recently expanded to include OEM and automotive, and 
					currently supply products to companies such as:


					 



·        
							

							Bechtel Power Corp.

·        
							

							TVA

·        
							

							The Bureau of Reclamation

·        
							

							US Army Corp of Engineers

·        
							

							G.E.

·        
							

							Whirlpool, and many more….





					 

					Our material can be purchased through approved dealer 
					networks throughout the U.S., as well as our representatives 
					worldwide. Call us today for your special needs Toll Free at 
					800-521-9594 or email one of our specialists for your 
					requirements.







Comprehensive stocks of all items are 
				carried at all times.
				Assuring you, in most cases, shipment with in 24 hours of the 
				receipt of an order.



This site offers technical information for 
				our products and addresses applications based on the needs of 
				the architect.  Please feel free to contact us for any 
				additional information you may need, catalogues, copies of 
				technical data or material samples.





You may 
						contact us by;
 


Phone: 
Toll Free 
						800-521-9594    or      
						248-643-6400


Fax:

						248-643-7117


Email:


						Wilpro@williamsproducts.net













To the best 
				of our knowledge this published information is accurate, 
				however, to determine suitability of material/product for a 
				specific application is the user's responsibility.  
				Williams Products, Inc. shall not be liable for any loss or 
				damage resulting from inappropriate usage.






Click 
		Here for our Online Catalogue 
		



Everlastic®
is a registered trademark of Williams Products. All other 
		products mentioned are registered trademarks or trademarks of their 
		respective companies.






Contact 
				Williams Products:

				Phone: 800-521-9594 or 248-643-6400 or Email:


				Wilpro@williamsproducts.net  



Contact 
				Information
















William J. Raver - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William J. Raver
Former Board Member at Sompo International


View Full Profile
Are you William J. Raver? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William J. Raver's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William J. Raver's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William J. Raver's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William J. Raver through your network of contacts.
												








William J. Raver's Executive Work History


Past
To view William J. Raver's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
69

 
 


William J. Raver's Biography



William J. Raver, 68, has been a director since May 2006 and currently serves as Chairman of the Finance Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee of the Board. From July 2006 through March 2008, Mr. Raver served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust ("NRRIT") where he led a twenty person staff, overseeing investment activity of the trust fund established by Federal legislation in 2001 to manage certain defined benefit retirement assets of the U.S. railway industry, then totaling $30 billion. From 1997 until he joined NRRIT in 2006, Mr. Raver was with Verizon In ...
(Read More)

			William J. Raver, 68, has been a director since May 2006 and currently serves as Chairman of the Finance Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee of the Board. From July 2006 through March 2008, Mr. Raver served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of the National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust ("NRRIT") where he led a twenty person staff, overseeing investment activity of the trust fund established by Federal legislation in 2001 to manage certain defined benefit retirement assets of the U.S. railway industry, then totaling $30 billion. From 1997 until he joined NRRIT in 2006, Mr. Raver was with Verizon Investment Management Corporation, most recently as Chief Operating Officer. In this role, he shared investment responsibility for $65 billion of Verizon retirement and savings plan assets and was the officer in charge of trust fund financial reporting and fiduciary functions. From 1994 to 1997, Mr. Raver was Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, and Director of Research at Evaluation Associates, an investment consulting firm. His earlier career includes senior level positions in corporate treasury with Young & Rubicam, Cadbury Schweppes, Stauffer Chemical and Avon Products. Mr. Raver currently serves on a number of investment advisory boards and is recognized as a Governance Fellow by the National Association of Corporate Directors. 

We believe Mr. Raver's qualifications to serve as a director of Endurance include Mr. Raver's extensive experience as an investment manager, which provides the Board and management valuable insight and guidance on managing the Company's own investment portfolio and helps balance the industry experience of many of the other members of the Company's Board.
		
Source: Sompo International on 04/08/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William J. Raver's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William J. Raver. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William J. Raver's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William J. Raver's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William J. Raver through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William J. Raver


















William J. Raver's Connections (44)





Sign up now to view William J. Raver's 44 connections »









Morgan W. Davis
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd.









John T. Baily
Board Member, Sompo International









William H. Bolinder
Board Member, Genworth Financial, Inc.









Susan S. Fleming
Former Board Member, Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.









William Babcock
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, PartnerRe Ltd.









Brendan R. O'Neill
Board Member, Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company









Gregor S. Bailar
Board Member, CEB Inc.









John R. Charman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Sompo International









Robert W. Jewett
Former Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Hooper Holmes, Inc.









Richard C. Perry
Former Board Member, Universal American Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













William J Raver, Sr (1936 - 2010) - Find A Grave Memorial



  









Actions








Begin New Search






Refine Last Search



  
Cemetery Lookup
   


Add Burial Records





Help with Find A Grave




 



Top Contributors




Success Stories




Community Forums




Find A Grave Store




 

 
Log In
  


   Advertisement   
 

  William J Raver, Sr

Memorial
Photos
Flowers
Edit

Share

Learn about upgrading this memorial...Birth: Sep. 25,  1936Owings MillsBaltimore CountyMaryland, USADeath: Jan. 26,  2010BaltimoreBaltimore CountyMaryland, USAWilliam J. Raver Sr., 73, of Owings Mills, died Tuesday, Jan. 26, 2010, at Sinai Hospital. Born Sept. 25, 1936, in Owings Mills, he was the son of the late John W. and Edith M. Raver. He was the husband of Sandra J. Sessamen Raver. He was the owner of Raver Landscaping. He had also worked at Acme Market and Giant as a stock clerk for 29 years. Surviving, in addition to his wife, are daughters and sons-in-law Jo Ann and Steven Reter Sr., Debra J. Raver and Tammy L. Warfel, all of Owings Mills, Jody M. and Thomas Hurley Sr., of Reisterstown, and Shari L. Johnston, of Cockeysville; son and daughter-in-law William J. Jr. and Judy Raver, of Owings Mills; a brother, John C. Raver, of Glen Rock, Pa.; a sister, Elizabeth Bayne, of Reisterstown; nine grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren. He was predeceased by a sister, Mary Koerner.                              Interment in Grace Cemetery (note: there are several Grace Cemeteries wasn't sure which to choose)Published in Carroll County Times on January 27, 2010  Burial:Unknown Created by: MaxRecord added: Jan 27, 2010
Find A Grave Memorial# 47196715


  




   Advertisement

Extend your search results for William Raver






Records for William Raver:
Census & Voter Lists
City directories
Birth, Marriage &     Death
Immigration & Travel 
See more…

View records







Newspaper records for William Raver:
PennsylvaniaTennesseeMissouriTexasSee more…

View records







Military records for William Raver:The Revolutionary War
The Civil War
WWII
The War of 1812See more…

View records


 Privacy Statement and Terms of Service    















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









