



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Daniel Ray Darcy - Muskegon, MI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Daniel Ray Darcy in Muskegon, MI


Daniel Ray Darcy

                                                                           Intelius found that Daniel Ray Darcy  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Muskegon, MI.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Dan L Darcy


Get Report Now

Age

Daniel Ray Darcy is in his 50s

Daniel Has Lived In

Muskegon, MI
East Lansing, MI

Daniel's Relatives

Melba Darcy
Tanner Darcy
Breton Darcy
Leggett Melba







Daniel Ray Darcy



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Sales and Applications at ISCAR Metals



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Daniel? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Daniel, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Daniel Ray Darcy
Get a Criminal Check on Daniel Ray Darcy
Get a Public Record Report on Daniel Ray Darcy
Get a People Search Report on Daniel Ray Darcy


Daniel Ray Darcy's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Daniel Ray Darcy has lived as well as Daniel Ray Darcy's phone numbers and email addresses.




Daniel Ray Darcy Has Lived in 1 States
Michigan Address for Daniel Ray Darcy


550 W******* B*** 

Muskegon, MI


Has Lived In

Muskegon, MI
East Lansing, MI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Daniel Ray Darcy

() ***-**** - Muskegon, MI 
(616) ***-**** - Muskegon, MI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Daniel Ray Darcy

d**********y@***.com


Get Email Report




Daniel Ray Darcy's Professional Information
Information regarding Daniel Ray Darcy's professional history.  Find out previous places Daniel Ray Darcy has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Daniel Ray Darcy Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: ISCAR Metals
               Title: Sales and Applications
Daniel Ray Darcy's Experience
Title: Sales and Applications
               Company: ISCAR Metals
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Daniel Ray Darcy

 See Daniel Ray Darcy's LinkedIn Profile



Daniel Ray Darcy's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Daniel Ray Darcy


Daniel Ray Darcy's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Daniel Ray Darcy's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Daniel Darcy
Username Matches

                  DanielDarcy
                  DarcyDaniel
                  Daniel.Darcy
                  Darcy.Daniel
                  Daniel_Darcy
                  Darcy_Daniel
                  Daniel-Darcy
                  Darcy-Daniel
                  DDarcy
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Darcy







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 



Ray D'Arcy Selected to Succeed Stuart Clark as Interactive Data's President and CEO in 2009 | Business Wire


























































Ray D’Arcy Selected to Succeed Stuart 
      Clark as Interactive Data’s President and CEO 
      in 2009












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Raymond L. D'Arcy, president of sales and marketing for Interactive Data, has been selected to succeed Stuart J. Clark as the Company's president and chief executive officer upon Clark's planned retirement in 2009. (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Raymond L. D'Arcy, president of sales and marketing for Interactive Data, has been selected to succeed Stuart J. Clark as the Company's president and chief executive officer upon Clark's planned retirement in 2009. (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail












Stuart J. Clark, current president and chief executive officer of Interactive Data, plans to retire during the first half of 2009. Ray D'Arcy, the Company's president of sales and marketing, has been selected to succeed him. (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














November 06, 2008 03:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



BEDFORD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Interactive Data Corporation (NYSE: IDC), a leading provider of 
      financial market data, analytics and related services, today announced 
      that its Board of Directors has selected Raymond L. D’Arcy, 
      president of sales and marketing for Interactive Data, to succeed Stuart 
      J. Clark as the Company’s president and chief 
      executive officer upon Clark’s planned 
      retirement in 2009.
    

      D’Arcy, 56, has served in a variety of 
      executive roles during his 29-year tenure with Interactive Data 
      Corporation. In his most recent role as president of Interactive Data’s 
      sales and marketing organization, D’Arcy has 
      led the unification of Interactive Data’s two 
      largest institutional sales, account management and client service 
      organizations, and played an instrumental role in refining and building 
      the Interactive Data brand across the Company’s 
      Institutional Services segment. During his tenure with Interactive Data, 
      D’Arcy has been successful in driving new 
      sales, championing the introduction of innovative new offerings, and 
      building enduring relationships with many of the world’s 
      foremost financial institutions.
    

      As previously announced, Interactive Data’s 
      Board of Directors initiated a formal CEO succession process in May 
      2008, when Clark informed the Board of his intention to retire in 2009. 
      Clark will work closely with D’Arcy to 
      facilitate a smooth, orderly transition of the CEO role during the first 
      half of 2009.
    

      Speaking for the Board, Rona Fairhead, chairman of the Board of 
      Directors, stated, “We are delighted to 
      select Ray D’Arcy as Interactive Data’s 
      next leader. We have been enormously impressed by Ray in his existing 
      role – he has a keen understanding of our 
      customers’ needs and the ways in which 
      Interactive Data can best build upon the trust it has earned with these 
      customers. His three decades of experience with Interactive Data 
      provides enormous stability and continuity, and gives us confidence that 
      the Company’s momentum in the marketplace can 
      be maintained. We look forward to working with Ray to build on 
      Interactive Data’s track record of success.”


      Commenting on his selection, Ray D’Arcy 
      stated, “It is gratifying to have been 
      selected to lead Interactive Data and I want to thank our Board of 
      Directors for the trust and confidence they have placed in me by 
      selecting me as Stuart’s successor. It is an 
      honor to follow in Stuart’s footsteps. I have 
      worked with Stuart for many years and have the highest regard for his 
      leadership. He has instilled a customer-centric culture across our 
      global organization, which has helped distinguish Interactive Data as a 
      trusted leader in our industry. I believe that Interactive Data is well 
      positioned to continue helping our customers worldwide to achieve key 
      business objectives through a broad range of high-value market data 
      services and related solutions that are fundamental to supporting 
      mission-critical applications across the enterprise.”


      Interactive Data’s President and Chief 
      Executive Officer, Stuart Clark, stated, “I 
      have known Ray for more than 20 years, and greatly admire his leadership 
      and management skills. I brought Ray onto my senior management team soon 
      after becoming president of Interactive Data in 1995. Since then, he has 
      led the market-facing side of our institutional business through 12 
      consecutive years of growth. He will be a tremendous leader of 
      Interactive Data Corporation and I look forward to working with him over 
      the coming months to effect his smooth and seamless transition to the 
      CEO role.”


Raymond L. D’Arcy Biography


      During his 29-year career at Interactive Data, Ray D’Arcy 
      has held a number of senior-level sales, marketing, product management 
      and finance positions. After spending his first four years as manager of 
      financial and management reporting, D’Arcy 
      transitioned into the product management organization, building the 
      Company’s presence within the US mutual fund 
      industry. He then advanced into regional and national senior sales 
      executive roles within the organization, becoming vice president of 
      global sales and marketing in 1999. D’Arcy 
      became president of the Data Delivery Business in 2002, where he helped 
      integrate the Company’s largest institutional 
      sales and product development teams, sponsored the introduction of 
      innovative high-value services and helped create the Major Accounts 
      Group to centralize client-facing activities for some of the Company’s 
      largest and most strategic customers. He became president of Interactive 
      Data’s sales and marketing organization in 
      2006, leading key initiatives that have advanced new institutional 
      sales, further fortified existing customer relationships and elevated 
      the Company’s stature in the financial 
      information industry. D’Arcy earned his 
      undergraduate degree in accounting from Boston College, where he was 
      also the captain of the ice hockey team. He later obtained an MBA in 
      finance from Babson College. A photograph of D’Arcy 
      is available in the image gallery of the press section on the 
      Interactive Data website.
    

Stuart Clark Biography


      Stuart J. Clark has served as Interactive Data’s 
      president and chief executive officer and a member of the Company’s 
      Board of Directors since February 29, 2000, and has been employed in the 
      financial information industry since 1968. Under Clark’s 
      leadership, Interactive Data has expanded its offerings through both 
      internal innovation and strategic acquisitions to establish itself as 
      one of the industry’s largest providers of 
      financial market data, sophisticated analytics and related solutions 
      that can meet an expansive range of customer needs. Since 2000, 
      Interactive Data’s revenue, net income and 
      net cash provided by operating activities have grown steadily each and 
      every year. Prior to his current position, Clark served as president of 
      Interactive Data Corporation – as it existed 
      before its merger with Data Broadcasting Corporation – 
      since 1995. From 1993 to 1995, Clark was a director of UK-based 
      Financial Times Information, with specific responsibility for the Market 
      Data Division. Prior to 1993, Clark led the market data division of 
      Extel Financial Limited, which was acquired by Pearson plc's Financial 
      Times Group in December 1993. A photograph of Clark is available in the 
      image gallery of the press section on the Interactive Data website.
    

Forward-looking and Cautionary Statements


      This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within 
      the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and 
      federal securities laws, and is subject to the safe-harbor created by 
      such Act and laws. Forward-looking statements include all statements 
      that are not historical statements and include our statements discussing 
      our goals, beliefs, strategies, objectives, plans, prospects and 
      opportunities, as well as our statements about Stuart Clark’s 
      intention to retire from his position as president and CEO during 2009, 
      our expectations for an orderly, seamless transition of leadership from 
      Stuart Clark to Ray D’Arcy as the new 
      president and CEO, and our ability to build on our track record of 
      success. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, 
      uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause actual 
      results to be materially different from those contemplated by the 
      forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited 
      to: (i) our ability to attract and retain key personnel; and (ii) the 
      ability of our majority shareholder to exert influence over our affairs; 
      and other factors identified in our most recent Annual Report on Form 
      10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to update these 
      forward-looking statements.
    

About Interactive Data Corporation


      Interactive Data Corporation (NYSE: IDC) is a leading global provider of 
      financial market data, analytics and related services to financial 
      institutions, active traders and individual investors. The Company's 
      businesses supply real-time market data, time-sensitive pricing, 
      evaluations and reference data for millions of securities traded around 
      the world, including hard-to-value instruments. Many of the world's 
      best-known financial service and software companies subscribe to the 
      Company's services in support of their trading, analysis, portfolio 
      management and valuation activities. Through its businesses, Interactive 
      Data Pricing and Reference Data, Interactive Data Real-Time Services, 
      Interactive Data Fixed Income Analytics, and eSignal, the Company has 
      approximately 2,300 employees in offices located throughout North 
      America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The Company is headquartered in 
      Bedford, Mass. Pearson plc (NYSE: PSO; LSE: PSON), an international 
      media company, whose businesses include the Financial Times Group, 
      Pearson Education, and the Penguin Group, is Interactive Data 
      Corporation's majority stockholder. Interactive Data Corporation is 
      celebrating its 40th anniversary in 2008.
    

      For more information about Interactive Data Corporation and its 
      businesses, please visit www.interactivedata.com.
    


Contacts

      Interactive Data CorporationInvestors:Andrew Kramer, 
      781-687-8306Director of Investor Relationsandrew.kramer@interactivedata.comorMedia:John 
      Coffey, 781-687-8148Director, Corporate and Marketing 
      Communicationsjohn.coffey@interactivedata.com



















Contacts

      Interactive Data CorporationInvestors:Andrew Kramer, 
      781-687-8306Director of Investor Relationsandrew.kramer@interactivedata.comorMedia:John 
      Coffey, 781-687-8148Director, Corporate and Marketing 
      Communicationsjohn.coffey@interactivedata.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Ray D'Arcy - Wikipedia






















 






Ray D'Arcy

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ray Darcy)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Ray D'Arcy



A pencil portrait of Ray D'Arcy



Born
(1964-09-01) 1 September 1964 (age 52)
Kildare, Ireland


Nationality
Irish


Education
Psychology graduate[1]


Alma mater
Trinity College, Dublin[1]


Occupation
Irish Radio Presenter


Employer
Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ)


Spouse(s)
Jenny Kelly (2013)


Children
Kate & Tom


Raymond "Ray" D'Arcy (born 1 September 1964) is an Irish television and radio presenter currently on his second spell at state broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). He once presented a self-titled weekday morning radio programme on the Denis O'Brien-owned Today FM. His professional partner on that show, Jenny Kelly, became his wife on 24 August 2013 and they have two children: Tom (born June 2012) and Kate (born 25 November 2006).
D'Arcy came to prominence with a television career on RTÉ, presenting children's television on The Den, a quiz show called Blackboard Jungle and the youth music show 2Phat. He presented television coverage of The Rose of Tralee beauty pageant each August for four consecutive years until 2010.[2] He rejoined RTÉ in 2015.[3]
D'Arcy is a household name in Ireland, but does not consider himself a celebrity, and rarely gives interviews.



Contents


1 Early life and career
2 BAI compliance issues.
3 Personal life
4 Awards
5 References



Early life and career[edit]
D'Arcy was born into a working-class family of nine with one earner, his father, a non-commissioned officer, in Tipperary in 1964.[1] His grandmother died at the age of 54 from lung cancer when D'Arcy was 11.[4] Always into his music and his broadcasting, he began discoing in 1979 at the age of 15.[5] He attended Trinity College, Dublin, to take a degree in psychology,[1] and graduated in 1985.[6] He began a career at RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta and in 1988 moved to RTÉ television, with a presenter spot on Jo Maxi. His first spell at RTÉ lasted for 13 years.[1]
D'Arcy replaced Ian Dempsey as the presenter of The Den, RTÉ's flagship children's television series, from 1990 to 1998. His career in children's television later featured in the 2008 documentary Best Bitz From Back Den.[7] D'Arcy also presented the quiz show Blackboard Jungle at the time before presenting youth music quiz 2Phat. In addition, he presented the UTV and RTÉ collaborative travel show Bon Voyage! for one season. He has presented several once-off events, including Ireland's version of the Test The Nation franchise and the Irish Young Scientist Awards. Until 2005 he presented You're a Star,[8][9] the talent show established to find Ireland's entrant for the Eurovision Song Contest. In 2005, D'Arcy took over as Rose of Tralee presenter.[10] On 1 April 2010, after five years, he stood down so as to spend more time with his family as they grew older.[11] Television roles dried up as the 2000s progressed, though he presented When Dreams Come True in 2005[12] and hosted Eurosong 2008 at the University of Limerick Concert Hall.[13] and presented one episode of The Panel later that year.[14] That same year, he ruled out applying to host The Late Late Show,[15] despite being linked to this prime-time slot.[16] On 1 December 2008, he announced on his Today FM radio show (see next paragraph) that he would be participating in the second season of Celebrity Bainisteoir; he managed County Kildare team Rathangan.[17][18][19]
D'Arcy moved to Today FM radio in the late 1990s. He took over Tim Kelly's mid-morning show, which went out from 10:00 to 12:45. This slot was later changed to 9:00 to 12:00, entering direct competition with The Gerry Ryan Show on RTÉ 2fm. He credited much of the show's success to the team that served him well over the years: Jenny Kelly, Will Hanafin and Mairead Farrell.[1] D'Arcy's Today FM show achieved something of a cult status due to its quirky segments, among which were "Fix-It Friday" and the "Odd One Out Quiz".[4][20] In June 2008, D'Arcy was one of more than 1,200 people who stripped naked for a Spencer Tunick art project - he later spoke of the experience on the radio.[21] On the weekend of 21–22 March 2009, someone placed nude images of the then Taoiseach in the National Gallery of Ireland and the gallery of the Royal Hibernian Academy.[22] The artist anonymously emailed D'Arcy's radio show, claiming responsibility for the creation of the paintings, but not their hanging. Gardaí subsequently raided the Today FM studios and producer Will Hanafin was asked to hand over the emails, on the basis that the placing of the paintings constituted indecency, incitement and criminal damage. Hanafin refused to provide the emails without a warrant.[23] In July 2014, D'Arcy incurred the wrath of mixed martial arts fans by inviting Cathal Pendred onto his show then grilling him on his part in the "violent and disturbing" sport.[24]
A household name in Ireland, D'Arcy does not consider himself a celebrity and tends to decline requests for interviews.[1] While being interviewed on The Saturday Night Show in 2010, D'Arcy issued an ultimatum to Enda Kenny, "vowing he would leave Ireland" after the February 2011 general election if the man became Taoiseach. Kenny did become Taoiseach; D'Arcy did not leave the country.[25]
After being approached by RTÉ over the years and considering leaving Today FM,[26] D'Arcy did just that abruptly in December 2014, quitting his Today FM show to rejoin RTÉ.[27] It was later announced that his wife Jenny Kelly would join him at RTÉ to produce the new radio show.[28] His first show back at RTÉ went out on 2 February 2015 on Radio 1. His show will air every weekday from 3 to 4.30pm.[29]
On 26 September 2015, D'Arcy's new television talk-show called The Ray D'Arcy Show started on RTÉ 1.[30]
BAI compliance issues.[edit]
D'arcy's programmes have been the source of several complaints to the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland. In December 2015 the BAI upheld three complaints (it partially upheld two complaints about the same broadcast and rejected two others) of bias about an interview D'Arcy had with Colm O'Gorman about Amnesty Ireland's campaign to change Ireland's laws on abortion.[31] In May 2016, the BAI ruled for a second time that D'Arcy's programme lacked objectivity when he interviewed Graham Linehan and his wife, Helen, on her need to have an abortion in the UK following the discovery that a foetus she was carrying had a fatal abnormality.[32] In December 2016 the BAI upheld two complaints about an interview D'Arcy conducted on 9 June 2016 surrounding the United Nations Human Right's Committee periodic assessment of Ireland's human rights record. D'arcy conducted an interview with campaigners for abortion but failed to mention that they were campaigners. The unanimous opinion of the BAI committee was that the program lacked objectivity and impartiality and went so far to note that this was the third time a complaint was upheld against D'Arcy on this issue and it was a matter of concern to them. They issued RTE with a 'Warning Notice' over the violation in order to underline the seriousness.[33]
Personal life[edit]
Previously engaged to TV presenter Geri Maye (only for the wedding to be halted at the last minute), D'Arcy married Jenny Kelly, his producer and co-presenter, on 24 August 2013. The pair were stalked by the press when D'Arcy publicly exposed their partnership on Saturday Night With Miriam in 2005.[34] Afterwards, D'Arcy was dismissive of the public interest in the relationship:

"I guess once we have actually told people we are together that will be the end of it. Our listeners probably care that we are a couple, but beyond that I don't know why anyone would be interested."

Their baby daughter Kate was born on 25 November 2006[35] when Jenny went into labour while laughing at Pat Kenny being heckled on The Late Late Show.[4] In January 2012, D'Arcy and Kelly announced their engagement and pregnancy with a second child.[36] In June that year, D'Arcy and Kelly welcomed their second child, a boy, named Tom Michael D'Arcy. Earlier that year, D'Arcy tripped and broke his nose and had to have surgery.[37]
D'Arcy is an atheist by nature, and does not believe in an afterlife, but attended Mass until his twenties when he became disillusioned by it all.[4]
The D'Arcy family have a dog called Teddy.[38]
Awards[edit]
D'Arcy won a Jacob's Award in 1993 for his presentation of The Den. In 2005, 2006 and 2007[39] Ray won the Best Irish Radio DJ award at the Meteor Music Awards, cementing his position as one of Ireland's most popular radio presenters. D'Arcy always maintains that this should be seen as a group award, and that credit should be shared with Jenny Kelly, Mairead Farrell and producer Will Hanafin, who also contributes to presenting the show. In 2008 D'Arcy was beaten by his namesake Ray Foley who launched a daily campaign to dethrone him.[40]
In 2006, The Ray D'Arcy Show won the Community/Social Action award at the PPI Irish Radio Awards for their work in highlighting road safety problems and deaths on the roads in Ireland. This was due in part, to their "Don't be a Fucking Eejit" radio adverts, which contained real-life stories.
In 2007, The Ray D'Arcy Show won the Best Light Entertainment Programme award at the PPI Irish Radio Awards.[41]


Year
Nominee/work
Award
Result


1993
Ray D'Arcy
Jacob's Award
Won


2005
Ray D'Arcy
Best Irish DJ at the Meteor Awards
Won


2006
Ray D'Arcy
Best Irish DJ at the Meteor Awards
Won


2006
The Ray D'Arcy Show
Community/Social Action award at the PPI Irish Radio Awards
Won


2007
Ray D'Arcy
Best Irish DJ at the Meteor Awards
Won


2007
The Ray D'Arcy Show
Best Light Entertainment Programme award at the PPI Irish Radio Awards
Won


2008
Ray D'Arcy
Best Irish DJ at the Meteor Awards
Nominated


References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g Finn, Melanie (31 March 2011). "I'm not motivated by money… but I am very well paid". Evening Herald. Retrieved 31 March 2011. 
^ Stacey, Pat (19 March 2015). "'RTE is moving the same old furniture around yet again' - Pat Stacey on replacing Brendan O'Connor with Ray D'Arcy". Irish Independent. Retrieved 19 March 2015. Whatever you think about D'Arcy on the radio (and personally I can live without his mixture of lightweight chat and didactic finger-wagging), he's never come across as the most charismatic of television presences. 
^ "Mr Saturday night... The return of Mr Ray D'Arcy". Irish Independent. 20 September 2015. Retrieved 22 September 2015. 
^ a b c d "D'Arcy wants Dunphy back on radio". Hot Press. 11 February 2010. Retrieved 11 February 2010. 
^ "Ray D'Arcy to host the Rose of Tralee on RTÉ Television". Raidió Teilifís Éireann. 15 April 2005. Retrieved 15 April 2005. [permanent dead link]
^ "The Ray D'Arcy Show". Today FM. 6 October 2008. 
^ Neville, Sarah (21 October 2008). "Zig and Zag return to TV for 21st anniversary". Evening Herald. Retrieved 21 October 2008. 
^ Mulhall, Aileen (12 March 2004). "You’re A Star crown for Chris". Waterford News & Star. Archived from the original on 25 April 2012. Retrieved 12 March 2004. 
^ Mulhall, Aileen (10 October 2003). "1,000 young hopefuls seek fame". Waterford News & Star. Archived from the original on 25 April 2012. Retrieved 10 October 2003. 
^ "Ray D'Arcy Introduces the 49th Rose of Tralee International Selection". Raidió Teilifís Éireann. 19 August 2007. Retrieved 24 October 2008. [permanent dead link]
^ "D'Arcy steps down from Rose of Tralee". Raidió Teilifís Éireann. 1 April 2010. Retrieved 1 April 2010. 
^ "When Dreams Come True: Ray D'Arcy Returns This Week To Makes More Dreams Come True". 4 December 2005.
^ Byrne, Andrea (24 February 2008). "Dustin's Eurosong turkey takes off as panel cries fowl". Sunday Independent. Retrieved 24 February 2008. 
^ "The Panel". Raidió Teilifís Éireann. 6 November 2008. Retrieved 6 November 2008. [permanent dead link]
^ O'Riordan, Alison (24 August 2008). "Ray happy with Roses as he rules out run at 'Late Late'". Sunday Independent. Retrieved 10 November 2008. 
^ "Mogadon Man Kenny turned the Late Late into the Late lamented". Sunday Independent. 14 September 2008. Retrieved 15 November 2008. 
^ The Ray D'Arcy Show. Today FM. 1 December 2008.
^ "Na Bainisteoirí/ The Managers". Raidió Teilifís Éireann. Archived from the original on 2 March 2015. 
^ "Rathangan hoping for home advantage in Celebrity Bainisteoir game". Leinster Leader. 25 November 2008. Archived from the original on 2 March 2015. Retrieved 25 November 2008. 
^ Tyaransen, Olaf (25 February 2010). "Glad to be Ray". Hot Press. Retrieved 25 February 2010. 
^ Riegel, Ralph (18 June 2008). "1,200 go naked for sake of Blarney art shoot". Irish Independent. Archived from the original on 2 August 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2010. 
^ "Naked taoiseach paintings removed". BBC News. 24 March 2009. Archived from the original on 2 March 2015. Retrieved 24 March 2009. 
^ O'Doherty, Caroline (18 June 2008). "Today FM producer brands reaction ‘crazy’". Irish Examiner. Archived from the original on 2 March 2015. Retrieved 17 May 2010. 
^ "‘Violent and disturbing’ – Ray D'Arcy interviews Cathal Pendred, clearly isn't an MMA fan: The Irish middleweight had to debunk a number of myths about mixed martial arts on Today FM this morning". The Score. 21 July 2014. Archived from the original on 2 March 2015. Retrieved 21 July 2014. 
^ "D'Arcy: I'd emigrate if Kenny was Taoiseach". Evening Herald. 15 February 2010. Retrieved 21 September 2014. [permanent dead link]
^ Murphy, Cormac (28 October 2011). "D'Arcy drops hint that he may quit Today FM for RTÉ". Evening Herald. Retrieved 28 October 2011. 
^ "Ray D'Arcy to rejoin RTÉ radio and television". Archived from the original on 2 March 2015. 
^ "Looks like Jenny Kelly is joining hubby Ray D'Arcy at RTE for his new Radio show". evoke.ie. 5 January 2015. Archived from the original on 2 March 2015. Retrieved 5 January 2015. 
^ "Ray D'Arcy admits to 'odd day' as he returns home to Radio 1". Irish Independent. 3 February 2015. Retrieved 3 February 2015. 
^ "Ray D'Arcy all set for new show". RTÉ. 25 September 2015. Archived from the original on 25 September 2015. Retrieved 25 September 2015. 
^ "Broadcasting Authority of Ireland Broadcasting Complaint Decision December 2015" (PDF). Retrieved 25 May 2015. 
^ McGreevy, Ronan (25 May 2016). "BAI finds Ray D’Arcy interview on abortion lacked objectivity". The Irish Times. 
^ Broadcasting Complaints Decisions. Broadcasting Authority of Ireland. December 2016. pp. 4–18. Retrieved 21 December 2016. 
^ Nolan, Larissa (30 July 2006). "Pregnancy finally fixes the big Ray and Jenny question". Sunday Independent. Retrieved 10 November 2008. 
^ "Archive Search – Results 0.0054 seconds". ireland.com. 
^ "D'arcy engaged and expecting second child". Raidió Teilifís Éireann. 3 January 2012. Retrieved 3 January 2012. 
^ "Baby joy for radio jock Ray D’Arcy". The Sun. 19 June 2012. Retrieved 19 June 2012. 
^ "Bark in the park for Ray as D'Arcy's dog gets into scrap on family day out". evoke.ie. 15 February 2015. Archived from the original on 2 March 2015. Retrieved 15 February 2015. 
^ "Snow Patrol big winners at Meteors". RTÉ. 2 February 2007. Retrieved 2 February 2007. 
^ "Eight awards in a row for Westlife". Daily Star. 16 February 2008. Archived from the original on 24 July 2012. Retrieved 16 February 2008. 
^ "Recognising the Best in Irish Radio Broadcasting". PPI Radio Awards 2006. Archived from the original on 22 October 2007. 




Media offices


Preceded by
----
Host of You're a Star
2002–2005
Succeeded by
Derek Mooney


Preceded by
Ryan Tubridy
Host of The Rose of Tralee
2005–2009
Succeeded by
Dáithí Ó Sé








v
t
e


The Den



Presenters



Ian Dempsey
Ray D'Arcy
Damien McCaul





Others



Liz Bonnin
Don Conroy
Dustin
Emma Ledden
Geri Maye
Emma O'Driscoll
Podge and Rodge
Simon Young
Zig and Zag





Programming



Draw with Don
Echo Island
The Grip
Soky's Big Little Morning Show
The Works
The Yes-No Game Show





Related



2Phat
A Scare at Bedtime
List of Dustin's Daily News episodes
List of The Once a Week Show episodes












v
t
e


You're a Star



Series



Main
1
2
3
4
5
6


Celebrity
Charity You're a Star





Winners



Main series
Mickey Joe Harte
Chris Doran
Donna and Joseph McCaul
Lucia Evans
David O'Connor
Leanne Moore


Celebrity series
David Mitchell
John Aldridge
The All-Stars (David Beggy, Barney Rock, Jack O'Shea)





Winners' songs



"We've Got the World"
"If My World Stopped Turning"
"Love?"
"Bruised Not Broken"





Runners-up



Main series
Simon Casey
James Kilbane
Jade
The Sullivan Brothers
21 Demands
Robyn Kavanagh


Celebrity series
Finian McGrath
Áine Ní Dhroigneáin
Seán Bán Breathnach





Other notable contestants



Sinéad Mulvey
Scuba Dice
Maeve O'Donovan
Black Daisy












v
t
e


Celebrity Bainisteoir




From an idea devised by Fiona Looney



Contributors



Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh (commentator)
Ciarán Whelan (mentor)





Presenters



Aidan Power (series 1-4)
Mairead Farrell (series 5)





Bainisteoirí




Season one



Bazil Ashmawy
Glenda Gilson
Jon Kenny
Gerald Kean
Nell McCafferty
Aoibhinn Ní Shúilleabháin
Mary O'Rourke
Marty Whelan
Ivan Yates





Season two



Ray D'Arcy
Derek Davis
George Hook
Katherine Lynch
John McGuire
Emma O'Driscoll
Andrea Roche
John Waters





Season three



Derek Burke
Nuala Carey
Gavin Duffy
Mairead Farrell
Franc
Andrew Maxwell
Breffny Morgan
Bláthnaid Ní Chofaigh





Season four



Amanda Brunker
Tony Cascarino
Brenda Donoghue
Tommy Fleming
P. J. Gallagher
Paul Gogarty
Gillian Quinn
Dana Rosemary Scallon (subbed by Majella O'Donnell)





Season five



Calum Best
Mary Byrne
Paddy Doherty
Richie Hayes
Jessica Lawlor
Pippa Ormond
Brian Ormond
Roz Purcell















v
t
e


Today FM




Formerly known as Radio Ireland Limited



Ownership history



John McColgan and Moya Doherty (1997–2002)
Scottish Radio Holdings (2002–2007)
Communicorp and Denis O'Brien (2007–present)





Notable incidents



Brian Cowen nude portraits controversy (2009)
Sacking of Sam Smyth (2011)





Presenters




Current



Matt Cooper
Dave Couse
Ian Dempsey
Paul McLoone
Declan Meehan





Former



Philip Boucher-Hayes
Mark Byrne
Mark Cagney
Enda Caldwell
Oliver Callan
Alison Curtis
Ray D'Arcy
Donal Dineen
Tom Dunne
Eamon Dunphy
Tony Fenton
John Kelly
Martin King
Jim McCabe
Emily O'Reilly
John Ryan
Sam Smyth








Shows




Current



The Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show
The Last Word
Premier League Live
The Sunday Business Show





Former



Classic Gold Sunday
The Essential Series
Here Comes the Night
The Last Splash
The Ray D'Arcy Show
Pet Sounds
Small Hours
The Sunday Supplement
Today FM Top 40








Other contributors



Tony Cascarino
Paul Collins
John Duggan
Mairead Farrell
Colette Fitzpatrick
Quentin Fottrell
Ann Gleeson
Will Hanafin
Eddie Hayes
Maeve Higgins
Jenny Kelly
Mark Lawrenson
Jennifer Maguire
Adelle McDonnell
Pixie McKenna
Michael McMullan
Arthur Murphy (Emailbag)
Bernard O'Shea
Conor Pope
Mario Rosenstock





Craic agus ceol



Even Better Than the Disco Thing
Even Better Than the Real Thing

1
2
3


Gift Grub
José and his Amazing Technicolor Overcoat
Gift Grub 6: The Special One






Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2










v
t
e


RTÉ Radio 1




Presenters and shows



Presenters




Weekday



Shay Byrne
Des Cahill
Audrey Carville
Ronan Collins
John Creedon
Ray D'Arcy
Joe Duffy
Myles Dungan
Rachael English
Gavin Jennings
Aine Lawlor
Cathal Mac Coille
Maxi
John Murray
Sean O'Rourke
Ryan Tubridy
Mary Wilson
Vincent Woods





Weekend



Brendan Balfe
Charlie Bird
John Bowman
Richard Crowley
Marian Finucane
Kieran Hanrahan
Avril Hoare
Jacqui Hurley
Derek Mooney
Marty Morrissey
Con Murphy
Miriam O'Callaghan
Donncha Ó Dúlaing
Kevin Rafter





Former



Gerald Barry
Vincent Browne
Gay Byrne
Derek Davis
Richard Downes
Eamon Dunphy
Séamus Ennis
Dave Fanning
Brian Farrell
Bridie Gallagher
Jimmy Greeley
Aoife Kavanagh
John Kelly
Pat Kenny
Shane Kenny
Des Keogh
Joe Lynch
Proinsias Mac Aonghusa
Ciarán Mac Mathúna
Seán Mac Réamoinn
Tom McGurk
Leo Maguire
Mike Murphy
Gareth O'Callaghan
Seán Óg Ó Ceallacháin
Pádraic Ó Neachtain
Brenda Power
Marc Roberts
John Skehan
Terry Wogan








Shows




Current



Bowman Sunday Morning
Céilí House
Green Tea
Liveline
Miriam Meets...
Mooney
Playback
The Ray D'Arcy Show
Risin' Time
Ronan Collins
The Ryan Tubridy Show
Seascapes
Sunday Miscellany





News and
Sport



Drivetime
The Late Debate
Morning Ireland
News at One
Saturday View
The Business
The Marian Finucane Show
This Week
Today with Pat Kenny
Weekend Sport (Saturday Sport, Sunday Sport)
World Report





Former



The Arts Show
Conversations with Eamon Dunphy
The Dave Fanning Show
The Derek Davis Show
Five Seven Live
Future Tense
The Gay Byrne Show
The John Murray Show
Mo Cheol Thú
Scrap Saturday
The Tubridy Show








Newsreaders



Aengus Mac Grianna
Eileen Dunne
Brian Jennings
John Finnerty
Mary Kennedy
Michael Murphy
Siún Nic Gearailt
Sinéad Ní Neachtain
Barry O'Neill
Ray Kennedy





Other contributors



Philip Boucher-Hayes
Oliver Callan
Brian Carthy
Eoghan Corry
Vincent DeVeau
Larry Gogan
Dylan Haskins
Darren Kennedy
Bill Long
Manchán Magan
Jimmy Magee
Nell McCafferty
Ella McSweeney
Brendan McWilliams
Gina Menzies
Seán Moncrieff
Dermot Morgan
Bryan Murray
Joseph O'Connor
Olivia O'Leary
Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh
Dermot O'Neill
Evelyn O'Rourke
Radio Éireann Players
Kathryn Thomas
Zbyszek Zalinski








Other RTÉ radio stations
RTÉ 2fm
RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta
RTÉ lyric fm










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ray_D%27Arcy&oldid=789624078"					
Categories: 1964 births20th-century Irish people21st-century Irish peopleLiving peopleAlumni of Trinity College, DublinIrish DJsJacob's Award winnersPeople from County KildareRTÉ Radio 1 presentersRTÉ television presentersThe Den presentersThe Panel (Irish TV series) presentersToday FM presentersYou're a Star presentersHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Use Irish English from December 2012All Wikipedia articles written in Irish EnglishUse dmy dates from January 2012Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Gaeilge 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 8 July 2017, at 13:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Ray Darcy Thursday 6 April 2017 - The Ray D'Arcy Show - RTÉ Radio 1



























































































Select Station






































The Ray D'Arcy Show
Monday – Friday, 3pm -4.30pm
ray@rte.ie or tweet us @RadioRayRTE










Ray Darcy Thursday 6 April 2017



                              
Hi there! Would you like to Join the Ray D'Arcy Radio show on our Summer Roadshow across the country from July 24th to 28th? We are visiting five locations across the country... Waterford, Clonalkilty Ennistymon, Clifden and Athlone.. There will be music, comedy, great guests, heartwarming stories... and ...food! Come join us and bring a friend! Just fill in this short form and send it back! 
&amp;amp;lt;a data-cke-saved-href=&amp;quot;//rte.polldaddy.com/s/ray-d-arcy-summer-roadshow&amp;quot; href=&amp;quot;//rte.polldaddy.com/s/ray-d-arcy-summer-roadshow&amp;quot;&amp;amp;gt;View Survey&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;!--cke_bookmark_448S--&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;!--cke_bookmark_448E--&amp;amp;gt;






The Ray D'Arcy Show
This afternoon there's an update on Big Week On The Farm, we hear how a pharmacy technician saved a life, CSO statistics, author Dave Rudden and entrepreneur Grainne Kelly




Listen



Share:









Author Dave Rudden
Dave Rudden is the Cavan author of “Knights of the Borrowed Dark” trilogy.

Dave's second book in the trilogy is out soon... it’s called “The Forever Court”, and he joined Ray in studio this afternoon
 



Listen



Share:








Life Saver Pharmacy Technician Mark Daly
Erika and her mom Elaine share their story of when Erika suffered from a life threatening allergic reaction
Pharmacist Mark Daly explained how he came to the rescue



Listen



Share:








'Bubblebum' Entrepreneur Grainne Kelly
Have you ever thought of a product that everyone needs? 
Entrepreneur Grainne Kelly tells Ray how she came up with a great idea that led to "Bubblebum"!!



Listen



Share:








Big Week On The Farm
This afternoon from Big Week On The Farm: Ray chats with guest judge Al Porter, Pat Shortt, Joe Collins and Pat Shalvey



Listen



Share:








Senior Statistician Deirdre Cullen
Senior Statistician at the CSO Deirdre Cullen chats with Ray about the latest Irish statistics



Listen



Share:










Music Played on the Show









Take Me To Church
Hozier
3:34












The Ray D'Arcy Show



















Twitter


Facebook















The Ray D'Arcy Show











Contact the Show



Contact the show anytime by sending an email to ray@rte.ie or tweet us @RadioRayRTE 
Send Emailbag emails to emailbag@rte.ie




Text: 51551












Schedule






















Ways to Listen





Radio




Mobile




Internet




Radio Player




Podcasts




TV































Ray Darcy Thursday 6 April 2017 - The Ray D'Arcy Show - RTÉ Radio 1



























































































Select Station






































The Ray D'Arcy Show
Monday – Friday, 3pm -4.30pm
ray@rte.ie or tweet us @RadioRayRTE










Ray Darcy Thursday 6 April 2017



                              
Hi there! Would you like to Join the Ray D'Arcy Radio show on our Summer Roadshow across the country from July 24th to 28th? We are visiting five locations across the country... Waterford, Clonalkilty Ennistymon, Clifden and Athlone.. There will be music, comedy, great guests, heartwarming stories... and ...food! Come join us and bring a friend! Just fill in this short form and send it back! 
&amp;amp;lt;a data-cke-saved-href=&amp;quot;//rte.polldaddy.com/s/ray-d-arcy-summer-roadshow&amp;quot; href=&amp;quot;//rte.polldaddy.com/s/ray-d-arcy-summer-roadshow&amp;quot;&amp;amp;gt;View Survey&amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;!--cke_bookmark_448S--&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;!--cke_bookmark_448E--&amp;amp;gt;






The Ray D'Arcy Show
This afternoon there's an update on Big Week On The Farm, we hear how a pharmacy technician saved a life, CSO statistics, author Dave Rudden and entrepreneur Grainne Kelly




Listen



Share:









Author Dave Rudden
Dave Rudden is the Cavan author of “Knights of the Borrowed Dark” trilogy.

Dave's second book in the trilogy is out soon... it’s called “The Forever Court”, and he joined Ray in studio this afternoon
 



Listen



Share:








Life Saver Pharmacy Technician Mark Daly
Erika and her mom Elaine share their story of when Erika suffered from a life threatening allergic reaction
Pharmacist Mark Daly explained how he came to the rescue



Listen



Share:








'Bubblebum' Entrepreneur Grainne Kelly
Have you ever thought of a product that everyone needs? 
Entrepreneur Grainne Kelly tells Ray how she came up with a great idea that led to "Bubblebum"!!



Listen



Share:








Big Week On The Farm
This afternoon from Big Week On The Farm: Ray chats with guest judge Al Porter, Pat Shortt, Joe Collins and Pat Shalvey



Listen



Share:








Senior Statistician Deirdre Cullen
Senior Statistician at the CSO Deirdre Cullen chats with Ray about the latest Irish statistics



Listen



Share:










Music Played on the Show









Take Me To Church
Hozier
3:34












The Ray D'Arcy Show



















Twitter


Facebook















The Ray D'Arcy Show











Contact the Show



Contact the show anytime by sending an email to ray@rte.ie or tweet us @RadioRayRTE 
Send Emailbag emails to emailbag@rte.ie




Text: 51551












Schedule






















Ways to Listen





Radio




Mobile




Internet




Radio Player




Podcasts




TV































Ray D'arcy | Photos - Beauty with Attitude.  | Beaut.ie






































Sign up to Beaut.ie
Stay updated with Beaut.ie newsletters full of the latest happenings at Beaut.ie as well as great offers and things we think you might find interesting.





First Name *



Last Name *



Email *



Subscribe











Home


Beauty


Makeup


Skincare


Videos




Life


Wellness


Celeb




Style


Beautie Awards


Photos


Win


All Competitions


Win an invigorating L'Occitane Verbena Basket worth €165


Winners List




More


Weddings


About


Advertise


Contact


Newsletters


Privacy Policy


Team


Terms of use










 













 

















 



Home


Beauty


Makeup


Skincare


Videos




Life


Wellness


Celeb




Style


Beautie Awards


Photos


Win


All Competitions


Win an invigorating L'Occitane Verbena Basket worth €165


Winners List




More


Weddings


About


Advertise


Contact


Newsletters


Privacy Policy


Team


Terms of use



















Irish Stars at the St. Patrick's Day Festival VIP Breakfast






Ray Darcy



















                Irish Stars at the St. Patrick's Day Festival VIP Breakfast
            


 
 




Most Popular Photos











                                Marie Keating Foundation Celebrity Golf Classic
                            











                                U Magazine 30 Under 30 Awards 2017
                            











                                Botanics #ThePlantOne Event with The Skin Nerd
                            











                                Private Members Club Pre-Take That Event
                            









Popular on Beaut.ie


Most Read


Top Photos


Editor's Pick






Beautie Awards 17: The Winners in Skincare


Beauty Klaxon! Penneys has just released a powder that stops 'flash face'


3 budget foundations that totally rival their luxury sisters






Rob Lipsett at the Lynx Find Your Magic Shop


Marie Keating Foundation Celebrity Golf Classic


Dr. Hauschka Reveals New Makeup Range






Aoibhín Garrihy wears beautiful Swarovski encrusted wedding dress as she marries John Burke


The top 10 most searched for hairstyles on Pinterest


5 foundation mistakes you're probably making and how to fix them







 







 
Popular on Beaut.ie


Most Read


Top Photos


Editor's Pick






Beautie Awards 17: The Winners in Skincare


Beauty Klaxon! Penneys has just released a powder that stops 'flash face'


3 budget foundations that totally rival their luxury sisters






Rob Lipsett at the Lynx Find Your Magic Shop


Marie Keating Foundation Celebrity Golf Classic


Dr. Hauschka Reveals New Makeup Range






Aoibhín Garrihy wears beautiful Swarovski encrusted wedding dress as she marries John Burke


The top 10 most searched for hairstyles on Pinterest


5 foundation mistakes you're probably making and how to fix them







 



More in beauty







                                This revolutionary new magnetic eyeshadow means no more infuriating fallout
                            









                                Review: The Summer Ready Package at The Salon at The Shelbourne
                            









                                The newly designed Lotion-Yon-Ka is the spritz to beat all spritzes
                            






More in style







                                I wore a €16 Penneys dress to wedding and I regret nothing
                            









                                This tote is a vg pretend designer bag (and it comes in a crossbody, too)
                            









                                Kate Middleton’s wardrobe is so good it’s basically doing its own tour of Europe
                            






More in life







                                Why Chris and Kem are the winners everyone really wants in tonight's Love Island final
                            









                                Top expert tips to master success in your everyday life
                            









                                Ruth Negga talks starting a family: "It's there, all the time, preoccupying me"
                            












Get Beaut.ie Delivered


Sent daily or monthly (you choose) packed full of exclusives, news and competitions .

Subscribe







About Beaut.ie



About


The Beaut.ie Team


Beaut.ie News


Privacy


Terms of Use


Contact







Advertise with Us
Reach Ireland's biggest beauty and fashion audience with our ad packages:
                                

Advertise









Follow Us On












Content © Beaut.ie and partners



By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Find out more.Okay, thanks
































My Big Day - Home And Away Anna Nolan - RTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show (podcast)






































manage



 








RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show





Details
Series ID: 65062
iTunes
Slug (URL path):

Replacement image url

Social accounts:


Verified
Public web access
Propose merge into
Similar series detected:







Language


English
(1)

Declared: en-ie

Detected:
en (confidence: 10.7)


Override:
Afrikaans - Afrikaans
Arabic - العربية
Armenian - Հայերեն
Bulgarian - Български
Catalan - català
Chinese - 中文
Croatian - Hrvatski
Czech - Čeština
Danish - Dansk
Dutch - Nederlands
English - English
Estonian - Eesti
Finnish - Suomi
French - Francais
Gaelic - Gàidhlig
German - Deutsch
Greek - Ελληνικά
Hebrew - עברית
Hindi - हिन्दी
Hungarian - magyar
Icelandic - Íslenska
Indonesian - Indonesia
Irish - Gaeilge
Italian - italiano
Japanese - 日本語
Kazakh - Қазақша
Korean - 한국어
Latvian - Latviešu
Lithuanian - Lietuvių
Malay - Malay
Norweigan - Norsk
Persian - فارسی
Polish - polski
Portuguese - português
Romanian - română
Romansh - rumantsch
Russian - Pyccĸий
Serbian - Српски
Slovak - Slovenčina
Slovenian - Slovenščina
Spanish - Español
Swedish - Svenska
Thai - ไทย
Turkish - Türkçe
Ukrainian - українська
Vietnamese - Tiếng Việt
Welsh - Cymraeg




Edit
Trusted users' area

Feed image
Source
Cache details
Replacement
No replacement image


Fetch






Conversations Society






Episode ID: 170357332
My Big Day - Home and Away Anna Nolan









RTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show

«
»


My Big Day - Home and Away Anna Nolan




6M ago

12:13


 















➕ Subscribe
➕ Sub


✔ Subscribed
✔ Sub'd






Play



Playing






Share


 


Mark all (un-)played



MP3&bullet;Episode home&bullet;Series home&bullet;Feed


Archive this series

Archive reasonDuplicate
Non canonical url
Web transform
ITunes transform
Http redirect
ITunes redirect
Replacement loop
Manual
Error
Optional replacement series (ID, slug, feed URL, or Player FM URL)




By

RTÉ:Ireland.

Discovered by Player FM and our community — copyright is owned by the publisher, not Player FM, and audio streamed directly from their servers.


Anna Nolan – who has many strings to her bow – is head of Development for CoCo TV and she is in production with a pilot for newly engaged couples and needs the help of The Ray D'Arcy Show listeners

2059 episodes available.
A new episode about every
10 hours
averaging 31 mins duration
.










Newest
Oldest
Longest
Shortest
Random












 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show Live from Clifden1:09:33









7h ago1:09:33








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:09:33






 



Today's show is live from Clifden with music from Declan O'Rourke





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show live from Ennistymon1:12:26









5h ago1:12:26








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:12:26






 



Todays show is live from Ennistymon with live music from Sharon Shannon





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show From Model Railway Village in Clonakilty1:12:59









21h ago1:12:59








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:12:59






 



Today's show is live from the Model Railway Village in Clonakilty with chat and live music from John Spillane





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show Live From Waterford1:13:21









2d ago1:13:21








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:13:21






 



Today's show comes live from the Garter Lane Theatre in Waterford with live guest, food and music from Picture House.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Live Music with Donal Lunny and Andy Irvine11:28









5d ago11:28








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






11:28






 



It is Friday and we have some great live music for you Donal Lunny and Andy Irvine are live in studio





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Rob O'Byrne - Crowd Surfing in Croke Park6:43









5d ago6:43








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






6:43






 



Ray chats to Rob O’Byrne who crowd-surfed in his wheelchair at Coldplay’s concert two weeks ago





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Emailbag4:52









5d ago4:52








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






4:52






 



Email any problems you have with television programmes – from Corrie to the Late Late – Emmerdale to Ear to the Ground and the legend that is Arthur Murphy will answer them for you! Email Emailbag@rte.ie for all your notes and queries now!





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Gardener Monty Don30:46









5d ago30:46








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






30:46






 



Monty Don is TV’s most famous gardener who has presented gardening programmes for well over twenty years. He became the lead presenter for the BBC flagship programme Gardeners’ World 2003-2008 and then again from 2011





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show1:02:42









5d ago1:02:42








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:02:42






 



On todays show, gardener Monty Don, emailbag, live music with Andy Irvine and Donal Lunny and Rob O'Byrne on crowd surfing at Coldplay





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Usain Bolt Set To Retire7:14









6d ago7:14








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






7:14






 



Usain Bolt the fastest man in the world has confirmed that he will be hanging up his spikes after the World Championships in London next month. The eight-time Olympic gold medalist said that he wants to retire on a winning note.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Signs of Dementia13:07









6d ago13:07








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






13:07






 



The biggest ever report into risk factors of dementia was published today which found that one in three cases of dementia could be prevented if more people looked after their brain health throughout life.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show1:04:26









6d ago1:04:26








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:04:26






 



On today's show, what is next? Ways to help prevent dementia, Bob Marley and Carageen Moss, making cat fishing illegal and Usain Bolt retiring





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Festival of Curiosity - So you want to be a Zookeeper?8:41









7d ago8:41








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






8:41






 



Susan O’Brien has been a zoo-keeper in Dublin zoo for nearly two decades! She’s taking part in the Festival of Curiosity and is giving a talk called "So you want to be a Zookeeper?" and she popped into studio this afternoon to chat to Ray





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Long Walk Home – Dementia Walk10:57









7d ago10:57








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






10:57






 



Eamon Donnelly and his best mate Sepp Tieber are currently doing a 2,500km trek across Europe from Austria to Ireland to raise awareness and funds for dementia research and he talks to Ray this afternoon





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1John Creedon - Creedon's Shannon25:49









7d ago25:49








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






25:49






 



John Creedon is back on the telly this Sunday evening on RTÉ One at 6.30pm with Creedon’s Shannon. He popped into studio this afternoon to catch up with Ray.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Sharon Shannon Play to Cows7:21









7d ago7:21








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






7:21






 



These cow really liked Sharons playing, Sharon spoke to Ray this afternoon about how much they like'd it.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show1:07:02









7d ago1:07:02








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:07:02






 



On today's show, playing music to cows, John Creedan on Creedans Shannon, Long Walk Home – Dementia Walk and The Festival of Curiosity - So you want to be a zookeeper?





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Paraic Breathnach20:48









8d ago20:48








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






20:48






 



Paraic Breathnach brings his new show ‘Straight Outta Connemara’ to the Riverbank Arts Centre in Newbridge on Thursday, July 20, at 8pm. Breathnach is the quintessential "Man from the West" who has ploughed a unique furrow in popular art through his role as a Founder of Macnas and on his TG4 show "Soiscéal Pháraic"…





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Babies Been Born Dependent on Heroin20:24









8d ago20:24








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






20:24






 



Figures released to the Journal last week showed that over 92 babies were born in Ireland in 2016 dependent on Heroin, Alcohol, prescription medicines and cocaine. Christine McDermott, a Nurse in Neonatology at the Rotunda and deals with addicted babies when they are born and she talks to Ray this afternoon…





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show1:09:34









8d ago1:09:34








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:09:34






 



On today's show, river side rescue in Donegal, nursing babies going through drug withdrawal and Paraic Breathnach





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Colin Stafford in Alaska16:18









9d ago16:18








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






16:18






 



Colin Stafford Johnson has made over 50 episodes of Living the Wild Life in Ireland, he’s filmed Tigers in India, chased Bird of Paradise in Papua New Guinea.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Live Music - Jon Fratelli10:31









9d ago10:31








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






10:31






 



We have live music this Monday afternoon. Jon Fratelli – front man from The Fratellis is here! The band played the Iveagh Gardens in Dublin last night and Jon stayed back to come into studio this afternooon and chat to Ray and perform





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Pricewatch - Conor Pope10:32









9d ago10:32








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






10:32






 



Conor Pope joins us once again to champion your consumer issues, if you have a consumer problem you can send it to pricewatch@rte.ie





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Chris Got To Play at Wimbledon26:13









9d ago26:13








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






26:13






 



Kim Clijsters is a four-time Grand Slam winner and on Friday she faced one of her toughest challenges yet, heckling from the audience of the Ladies’ Invitation Doubles by Chris Quinn from Co. Wicklow who tells Ray more this afternoon





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show1:07:19









9d ago1:07:19








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:07:19






 



On today's show, playing tennis with Kim Clijsters, recreating a Beyonce photo, Pricewatch with Conor Pope, Colin Stafford Johnson in Alaska and Live music with Jon Fratelli





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Joanna Fortune17:23









12d ago17:23








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






17:23






 



Joanna Fortune is a child and adolescent psychotherapist and founder of Solamh Parent Child Relationship Clinic. She recently delivered a TEDx talk on the topic of "social media-the ultimate shame game and joins Baz to talk about her work.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Nate the Great Kelly10:01









12d ago10:01








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






10:01






 



Baz is shaking in his books interviewing MMA child prodigy Nathan Kelly aka Nate the Great.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Nathan Carter12:20









12d ago12:20








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






12:20






 



Baz is joined by country music superstar Nathan Carter who is playing in the Iveagh Gardens in Dublin tomorrow night. You can also catch him at the Harvest Country Music Festival at Westport House on August 26th and Enniskillen the following night.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show58:46









12d ago58:46








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






58:46






 



Baz Ashmawy is in the hot seat today, chatting to MMA prodigy Nathan "Nate the Great" Kelly, country superstar Nathan Carter, psychoanalyst Joanna Fortune and listening to live music from Altan





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Live Music - Johnny Logan17:15









13d ago17:15








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






17:15






 



We have live music this Thursday afternoon from Johnny Logan ! Johnny plays two nights in Vicar Street in September Friday 1st and Saturday 2nd. The tour is called "Hold Me Now - The 30th anniversary concert" and tickets are on sale now





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Being Muslim in Ireland24:50









13d ago24:50








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






24:50






 



Dr. Umar Al-Qadri is the Head-Imam of Al-Mustafa Islamic Educational & Cultural Centre Ireland and founding Chair of Irish Muslim Peace & Integration Council. He came into studio this afternoon to talk to Ray





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Is Sean The Oldest Barber in Ireland ?8:04









13d ago8:04








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






8:04






 



Ray chats to 87 year old barber Sean Foy is he the oldest barber in Ireland ?





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show1:08:09









13d ago1:08:09








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:08:09






 



On today's show, Leo Varadkar on the cover of Time Magazine, the oldest barber in Ireland, being a Muslim in Ireland and live music with Johnny Logan





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Niall McGarry from Maximum Media15:49









14d ago15:49








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






15:49






 



We’re joined in studio this Wednesday afternoon by Niall McGarry. He’s the founder of Maximum Media. An Irish company that runs the popular websites Joe.ie and Her.ie (among others) and he chat's to Ray this afternoon





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Arthur Murphy The Legend21:41









14d ago21:41








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






21:41






 



A lot of people think that The Late Late Show was Ireland’s first TV Chat Show, but Arthur Murphy says otherwise he was the presenter of a programme called Visitor’s Book, back in 1961 when Telifis Eireann was first launched and that and other stories he shares with Ray this afternoon





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show1:05:33









14d ago1:05:33








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:05:33






 



On today's show using whiskey to power cars, getting to know Arthur Murphy better and Who is beind Joe.ie





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Rory Cowan Leaves Mrs. Brown's Boys21:04









15d ago21:04








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






21:04






 



Earlier in the week Rory Cowan aka Rory Brown let everyone know that he is calling it a day on the hit TV show and he popped into studio this afternoon to tell Ray more this afternoon.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Film - The Limit Of26:54









15d ago26:54








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






26:54






 



A debut film from a debut director – The Limit Of will be shown on Thursday at the Galway Film Fleadh. It’s about a banker who goes rouge – and Alan Mulligan, who wrote and directed it is a former banker who swapped high finance for a film camera chats to Ray this afternoon





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Ron The Seal Got Rescued8:35









15d ago8:35








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






8:35






 



Tommy Banks was walking along Strandhill beach at the end of May when he heard the sound of something crying. Tommey tell's Ray more this afternoon.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show1:07:24









15d ago1:07:24








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:07:24






 



On today's show, Ron the seal gets rescued, The Limit Of film goes to the Galway Film Fleadh and Rory Cowan on why he is leaving Mrs. Browns Boys.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Athlete Manteo Mitchell12:51









16d ago12:51








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






12:51






 



Manteo Mitchell was running in the 4x400 relay race, in the second heat of the 2012 Olympics in London when something devastating happened Manteo broke his fibula, half way through his race. Though, he completed his section in 46.1 seconds.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Conor Pope - Pricewatch14:06









16d ago14:06








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






14:06






 



Conor Pope joins us once again to champion your consumer issues, if you have a consumer problem you can send it to pricewatch@rte.ie





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Author Liz Nugent18:36









16d ago18:36








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






18:36






 



Liz Nugent became a literary star in Ireland in 2014 when her first novel "Unravelling Oliver" was published. It became an instant hit winning the Best Crime Novel award at the Irish Book Awards that year and it as devoured by fans of crime fiction in this country.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show - Full Show1:01:08









16d ago1:01:08








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:01:08






 



On today's show, Author Liz Nugent, Conor Pope - Pricewatch, the best dressed couple at the races and Athlete Manteo Mitchell





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Synth Pop Pioneer - Thomas Dolby18:27









20d ago18:27








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






18:27






 



Synth Pop pioneer, chart topper, session musician, super producer, film score composer, technology pioneer and now professor Thomas Dolby chats to Ray this afternoon. The Speed of Sound – Breaking the Barriers Between Music and Technology – published by Icon books





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Daithi on his 8th Rose of Tralee15:36









20d ago15:36








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






15:36






 



Daithi O’Se is back for his eighth Rose of Tralee and the preparations are just beginning. Daithi chats to Ray this afternoon





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Sex Robots19:39









20d ago19:39








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






19:39






 



There’s a really interesting report out about robots and sex. It examines how sex-robots are now a reality that societies need to think about and consider as technology rapidly advances.





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1The Ray D'Arcy Show Full Show1:06:50









20d ago1:06:50








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






1:06:50






 



On today's show, sex robots, Daith O'Se and the Rose of Tralee and Thomas Dolby





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Live Music - Wallis Bird8:13









21d ago8:13








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






8:13






 



Wallis Bird – is here on a flying visit from her adopted home of Berlin – and she’s here ahead of the Acoustic Session weekend at Kilarney INEC





 

RRTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show






1Condemned to Remember35:52









21d ago35:52








+
Play Later


✔
In Play Later




+
Lists






35:52






 



This Tuesday afternoon Tomi Reichental Holocaust survivor, is in studio to talk to Ray along with documentary film director Gerry Greg. Tomi is the subject of a new documentary called "Condemned to Remember". It premieres at the Galway Film Fleadh Friday week on 14th July.




 








Welcome to Player FM
What if radio played only the shows you care about, when you want? Player FM is scanning the web for high-quality podcast content right now. Try us out on any web browser — desktop, mobile, or tablet.


 




Take it with you

Start listening to RTÉ - The Ray Darcy Show on your phone today with Player FM's free Android app. You can sync with your account with this website too.



Guides you to smart, interesting podcasts based on category, channel, or even specific topics






Right from the start, I found the experience of using Player FM enjoyable … I’m actually rather surprised this app is free.






Looking for a high-quality podcasts app on Android? Player FM might just be it.






Player FM isn’t just about looks: What sets the app apart from other podcasting applications is its emphasis on discovery.






Google Play reviews:

 "THE best podcast/netcast app. Brilliantly useful, fantastically intuitive, beautiful UI. Developers constantly update and improve. No other podcast/netcast app comes close."
 "Excellent app. Easy and intuitive to use. New features frequently added. Just what you need. Not what you don't. Programmer gives this app a lot of love and attention and it shows."
 "Store house of knowledge"
 "Thank you for giving me a beautiful, podcast streaming app with a great library"
 "Love the offline function"
 "This is "the" way to handle your podcast subscriptions. It's also a great way to discover new podcasts."
 "It's perfect. So easy to find shows to follow. Six stars for Chromecast support."






















 

RRTÉ - The Ryan Tubridy Show



1RTÉ - The Ryan Tubridy Show









22m ago22m ago










Daily






 



The Ryan Tubridy Show is a fast paced entertaining and informative sixty minutes of morning radio.





 

RRTÉ - Sunday with Miriam



1RTÉ - Sunday with Miriam









24d ago1248344697600w ago










Weekly






 



Miriam O Callaghan presents a live stimulating mix of lifestyle, music, human interest and great interviews, the perfect soundtrack to your Sunday morning.





 

RRTÉ - Mooney Goes Wild



1RTÉ - Mooney Goes Wild









3d ago3d ago










Weekly+






 



Derek Mooney and guests explore the natural world in all its forms.





 

RRTÉ - Liveline



1RTÉ - Liveline









7h ago7h ago










Daily+






 



Joe Duffy talks to the Irish public about affairs of the day.





 

RRTÉ Radio Player: Latest Podcasts



1RTÉ Radio Player: Latest Podcasts









2h ago2h ago










Daily+






 



All the latest podcasts published across RTÉ Radio's ten radio services





 

RRTÉ - Arena Podcast



1RTÉ - Arena Podcast









1d ago1d ago










Daily+






 



Presenter Sean Rocks takes a look at what's on in the world of arts and entertainment.





 

RRTÉ - Marian Finucane



1RTÉ - Marian Finucane









3d ago3d ago










Daily






 



Ireland's most popular weekend radio programme





 

RRTÉ - Saturday with Claire Byrne



1RTÉ - Saturday with Claire Byrne









25d ago1300599417600w ago










Weekly






 



Saturday with Claire Byrne questions agendas, dissects the week gone by, and debates the likely issues of the week to come, each Saturday afternoon from 1pm – 2pm.





 

RRTÉ Radio Player: Most Popular Podcasts



1RTÉ Radio Player: Most Popular Podcasts









22h ago22h ago










Daily






 



The Most Popular Podcasts from RTÉ Radio's ten radio services





 

RRTÉ Podcast



1RTÉ Podcast









26d ago1352950300800w ago










Weekly






 



RTÉ Podcast




 





Listen to 300+ topics

























































Speed


 Series preference








1x






1x






Volume








100%



















/






































' id=''>

      
 />
        



Public:
/>
        

Content source:
 />
        























Ray Darcy @raydarcy8080 - Instagram photo - #jdksolutions #dji #inspire #1 #v2 #quadcopter #fpv #racing #aerial #views #share #❤️ | Instanonymous.com | Browse and Download Instagram Photo and Video Anonymously 

  
 








        Loading...
    









raydarcy8080


Ray Darcy
            J.D.K. Solutions is a trendsetting Online Accessories Shop, offering our first-rate products and exceptional customer service to shoppers.                            
http://www.jdksolutions.co.uk/ 



1,014 posts            

568 followers            

2,060 following            



 








#jdksolutions #dji #inspire #1 #v2 #quadcopter #fpv #racing #aerial #views #share #❤️             
        

 0             20             2 days ago




Download Photo


































        Comments
    

            No comments yet.
        








        Loading...
    


 




More media from raydarcy8080







 0                                         
                                         12                                    






 0                                         
                                         4                                    






 0                                         
                                         1                                    






 0                                         
                                         4                                    






 0                                         
                                         6                                    






 0                                         
                                         3                                    






 0                                         
                                         4                                    






 0                                         
                                         4                                    






 1                                         
                                         19                                    






 0                                         
                                         8                                    






 0                                         
                                         4                                    






 1                                         
                                         8                                    










Popular Tags


#peace #homemade #breakfast #delicious #likes #food #canon #life #bestoftheday #igdaily #art #trip #blonde #cute #instafood #photo #outfit #yummy #weekend #nyc 













﻿



Ray Darcy - @raydarcy8080 - Instagram viewer profile  Photos
































































Ray Darcy


J.D.K. Solutions is a trendsetting Online Accessories Shop, offering our first-rate products and exceptional customer service to shoppers.@raydarcy8080 
568 Followers2061 Following1014 Posts








 jdksolutions  eachinewizard  x220s  fpv  rtv  racing  racers  outdoors  quadcopter  drone   carbon  fibre
@raydarcy8080
 0 12 12017-07-28T10:32:38
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 4 12017-07-28T10:05:13






 jdksolutions  FridayFeeling Have a great day.
@raydarcy8080
 0 1 12017-07-28T09:08:50
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 4 12017-07-28T08:47:40
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 6 12017-07-28T08:43:56
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 3 12017-07-28T08:38:07
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 4 12017-07-28T08:33:56






 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 4 12017-07-28T08:30:29
 jdksolutions  gaming  gaminglife  twitch  discord  youtu.be  PS4  XboxOne  pc  digital  download  loyalty  competition  SOCIAL  share
@raydarcy8080
 1 19 12017-07-28T02:39:57

@raydarcy8080
 0 8 12017-07-28T00:50:36
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 4 12017-07-27T23:58:21
 jdksolutions  starwars  PS4  XboxOne  pc  digital  download  loyalty  gaming  competition  pre  order  share  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 1 8 12017-07-27T23:56:31






 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 4 12017-07-27T23:48:39
 jdksolutions  dji  spark  mavic  polar  pro  soft  cases  custom  protection  outdoors  accessories  share
@raydarcy8080
 0 8 12017-07-27T17:47:01
 jdksolutions  dji  spark  mavic  soft  shell  case  quadcopter  fpv  protection  outdoors  accessories  share
@raydarcy8080
 0 14 12017-07-27T17:14:35
 jdksolutions  quadcopter  drone  DJI  spark  mavic  polar  pro  soft  cases  custom  protection  outdoors  accessories
@raydarcy8080
 0 12 12017-07-27T15:00:29
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  quadcopter  cinematography  aerialphotography  4kvideo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 17 12017-07-27T14:41:08
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  quadcopter  cinematography  aerialphotography  4kvideo   share
@raydarcy8080
 1 18 12017-07-27T11:55:20
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  pro  x5  camera  quadcopter  filmmaking  4kvideo  cinematography  aerialphotography
@raydarcy8080
 0 26 12017-07-27T11:23:59
MASSIVE REDUCTION ON DJI INSPIRE 1 V2.0 QUADCOPTER AT WWW.JDKSOLUTIONS.CO.UK
@raydarcy8080
 0 7 12017-07-27T08:36:13
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  pro  x5  camera  quadcopter  filmmaking  4kvideo  cinematography  aerialphotography
@raydarcy8080
 0 37 12017-07-27T07:54:49
MASSIVE REDUCTION ON DJI INSPIRE 1 V2.0 QUADCOPTER AT WWW.JDKSOLUTIONS.CO.UK
@raydarcy8080
 1 6 12017-07-27T06:46:42
 jdksolutions  jdksolutions www.jdksolutions.co.uk
@raydarcy8080
 0 7 12017-07-27T06:21:38
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  v2  quadcopter  fpv  racing  aerial  views  share  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 1 27 12017-07-26T23:46:13
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  v2  quadcopter  fpv  racing  aerial  views  share  new  selection  this  weekend  summer  fun  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 16 12017-07-26T21:55:30
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  gaming  ❤
@raydarcy8080
 0 14 12017-07-26T20:52:05
 jdksolutions sponsoring  zwarriorz  twitch  affiliated  twitchstreamer  destiny2  beta   keep  it  zen  ❤👊
@raydarcy8080
 1 20 12017-07-26T20:46:23
 jdksolutions  sponsoring  zwarriorz  twitch  affiliated  twitchstreamer  destiny2  beta  👊💎👊 keepitzen en
@raydarcy8080
 0 22 12017-07-26T20:00:38
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 14 12017-07-26T18:21:45
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty   ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 6 12017-07-26T18:04:05

@raydarcy8080
 0 2 12017-07-26T17:35:35
 jdksolutions  inspire  1  v2  quadcopter  fpv  racing  aerial  views  share  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 17 12017-07-26T14:17:35
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  v2  quadcopter  fpv  racing  aerial  views  share available at www.jdksolutions.co.uk now.
@raydarcy8080
 0 21 12017-07-26T13:25:51
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  v2  quadcopter  fpv  racing  aerial  views  share  massive  reduction
@raydarcy8080
 0 15 12017-07-26T11:34:02
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 1 11 12017-07-26T07:26:57
 jdksolutions  pre  order  loyalty  gaming  competition  ps4  xboxone  pc  digital  download  loyalty  competition  gaming  ❤️  summer  fun  share
@raydarcy8080
 0 18 12017-07-26T07:08:34
 jdksolutions  zenzwarriors warriors  ShareTheLove  twitch  support  growth  sponsoring  zwarriorz  affiliated  twitchstreamer  destiny2  beta   keep  it  zen  👊💎👊
@raydarcy8080
 0 24 12017-07-26T07:04:04
 jdksolutions  clothing  range  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 2 11 12017-07-26T02:16:42
Buy a pre order with a chance to win a limited edition Pre Order for free.  follow  jdksolutions  PS4  XboxOne  pc  digital  download  loyalty  competition  gaming  share  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 9 12017-07-26T01:02:57
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 7 12017-07-25T23:25:33
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  v2  quadcopter  fpv  racing  aerial  views  share  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 20 12017-07-25T22:35:53
 jdksolutions  dji  spark  soft  shell  case  FPV  racing   protects  peace  of  mind  ❤  Share
@raydarcy8080
 0 24 12017-07-25T21:50:48
 jdksolutions  marvel  vs  capcom  infinite  edition  loyalty  PS4  XboxOne  pc  digital  download  loyalty  competition  gaming  share  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 1 12 12017-07-25T21:31:00
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 14 12017-07-25T17:47:51
 jdksolutions  PS4  XboxOne  pc  digital  download  loyalty  competition  gaming  share  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 2 8 12017-07-25T15:48:33
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 9 12017-07-25T15:36:25
 jdksolutions  ps4  xboxone  pc  digital  download  loyalty  competition  gaming  share  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 1 6 12017-07-25T15:31:48
 jdksolutions  thankyou  loyalty  customer  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 3 12017-07-25T14:49:47
 jdksolutions  dji  mavicpro  spark  fpv  racing  drones  goggles  pespective  view  drone  quadcopter  fpv  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 1 44 12017-07-25T10:15:43
 jdksolutions  the  evil  within  2  competition  pre  order  loyalty  share  PS4  XboxOne  pc  steam  ShareTheLove  pre  order  followtrain  cardiff
@raydarcy8080
 1 11 12017-07-25T10:01:10
 jdksolutions  Marvel  vs  Capcom  infinite  Pre  Release  Orders  competition  ps4  xboxone  pc  digital  download  share  loyalty  gaming  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 21 12017-07-25T07:28:44
 jdksolutions  competition  loyalty  gaming  freebies  exclusive  PS4  XboxOne  pc  steam  ShareTheLove  pre  order  followtrain  cardiff
@raydarcy8080
 0 15 12017-07-25T04:52:47
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 13 12017-07-25T04:32:45
 jdksolutions  dji  inspire  1  v2  quadcopter  fpv  racing  aerial  views  professional  filmphotography  film  discount
@raydarcy8080
 1 36 12017-07-25T01:00:35
 jdksolutions  starwars  battlefront  2  PS4  XboxOne  pc  steam  ShareTheLove  pre  order  followtrain  cardiff
@raydarcy8080
 0 19 12017-07-24T21:24:15
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 19 12017-07-24T20:22:39
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 12 12017-07-24T20:13:59
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 9 12017-07-24T19:31:34
 jdksolutions  tshirt  long  sleeve  tshirt  hoodie  cut  off  hoodies  logo  share  loyalty  ❤️
@raydarcy8080
 0 14 12017-07-24T19:04:16
 jdksolutions dji  goggles  pespective  view  drone  quadcopter  fpv  racing  aerial  views  share
@raydarcy8080
 1 41 12017-07-24T18:50:30






 

 














Owgram.Net

After you login to instagram
View all of your friends Instagram photos
Comment , like photos , follow other users LOGIN TO INSTAGRAM
Not a member yet ? Get an Instagram ID









