

Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc.


Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc.
(CRD# 149018) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Saint Petersburg, FL.
They
manage $64,209,831,249 in 224,839 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 52 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc.




880 Carillon Parkway,
Saint Petersburg,
FL
33716
727-567-1000
http://www.raymondjames.com/rjfs




http://www.raymondjames.com/rjfs







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

64,210
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

224,839
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$285,581







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)
Commissions
Other






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Pension consulting services
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Educational seminars/workshops
Other








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AK, AL, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, PR, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VI, VT, WA, WI, WV






Financial Advisors at Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc.




Showing 1 - 10 of 4,287 top financial advisors.





1















Sean M. Priebe



CRD#:
4610597



6258 Highway 98 West,
Hattiesburg,
MS
39402




103

Wealthminder
score







Sean Priebe (CRD# 4610597) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in Hattiesburg, MS and has over 13 years of experience in the finance industry.





2















Kevin B. Roth



CRD#:
5826198



900 Rockmead Dr Ste 255,
Kingwood,
TX
77339




103

Wealthminder
score







Kevin Roth (CRD# 5826198) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in Houston, TX and has over 5 years of experience in the finance industry. Kevin Roth has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which putclients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.





3















Mark G. Deering



CRD#:
4890057



720 Cool Springs Blvd, Suite 100,
Franklin,
TN
37067




100

Wealthminder
score








Mark Deering (CRD# 4890057) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in Franklin, TN and has 
over 12 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Mark Deering has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






4















Nathan W. Fisher



CRD#:
4456780



1625 1st Ave. Se, Suite A,
Cedar Rapids,
IA
52402




100

Wealthminder
score








Nathan Fisher (CRD# 4456780) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in Cedar Rapids, IA and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Nathan Fisher has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






5















Jonathan D. Gentile



CRD#:
5471339



4111 E Valley Auto Dr. Suite #104,
Mesa,
AZ
85206




100

Wealthminder
score







Jonathan Gentile (CRD# 5471339) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in Mesa, AZ and has over 8 years of experience in the finance industry.





6















Chad S. Ontko



CRD#:
5906139



1409 University Drive East,
College Station,
TX
77840




100

Wealthminder
score







Chad Ontko (CRD# 5906139) is an Financial Advisor working at Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in College Station, TX and has over 5 years of experience in the finance industry.





7















Andrew W. Rodgers



CRD#:
2277643



112 Sw 157th Street,
Burien,
WA
98166




100

Wealthminder
score








Andrew Rodgers (CRD# 2277643) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in Burien, WA and has 
over 24 years
of experience in the finance industry.






8















Robert W. Begley



CRD#:
1962492



1125 East 16th Street, Suite 1,
Upland,
CA
91784




98

Wealthminder
score







Robert Begley (CRD# 1962492) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in Upland, CA and has over 18 years of experience in the finance industry.





9















Jesse A. Oldfield



CRD#:
5659397



108 East Hersey Street, Suite 3,
Ashland,
OR
97520




98

Wealthminder
score








Jesse Oldfield (CRD# 5659397) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in Ashland, OR and has 
over 8 years
of experience in the finance industry.






10















Rachel H. Piech



CRD#:
4774202



1202 Madison St,
Clarksville,
TN
37040




98

Wealthminder
score







Rachel Piech (CRD# 4774202) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Raymond James Financial Services Advisors, Inc. in Clarksville, TN and has over 12 years of experience in the finance industry.






1
2
3
4
5
... Next






Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.









Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Raises Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN) Releases  Earnings Results, Hits Estimates					

Kilroy Realty Corporation (NYSE:KRC) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance					

Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. (SBCP) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS					

Rush Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:RUSHA) Issues  Earnings Results					

S&P Global Inc. (SPGI) Stake Decreased by Paragon Capital Management Ltd					

Vanguard MSCI EAFE ETF (VEA) Shares Bought by Paragon Capital Management Ltd					

Silver Spring Networks, Inc. (NYSE:SSNI) Stake Held by Paragon Capital Management Ltd					

CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (NYSE:CNP) Shares Bought by Naples Global Advisors LLC					

Naples Global Advisors LLC Has $1.17 Million Position in Rio Tinto PLC (RIO)					

Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (NYSE:DPS) Position Held by Naples Global Advisors LLC					

BCE, Inc. (BCE) Shares Bought by Naples Global Advisors LLC					

Huntsman Corporation (NYSE:HUN) Position Cut by Naples Global Advisors LLC					

A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc. Maintains Position in Aqua America, Inc. (NYSE:WTR)					

Vermilion Energy Inc. (NYSE:VET) Stake Maintained by A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc.					

Blackrock MuniEnhanced Fund Inc. (MEN) Stake Maintained by A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc.					

2U, Inc. (NASDAQ:TWOU) Position Maintained by Oakmont Corp					

A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc. Continues to Hold Position in ASA Gold and Precious Metals Limited (ASA)					

Macquarie Infrastructure Company (MIC) Position Lowered by Cypress Funds LLC					

A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Ventas, Inc. (VTR)					

A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc. Holds Position in Lamar Advertising Company (NASDAQ:LAMR)					





 





						Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Raises Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)					

						 June 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. increased its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 3.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1,707,355 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 51,963 shares during the period. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $47,140,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Sunbelt Securities Inc. increased its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.5% in the first quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. now owns 8,124 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $224,000 after buying an additional 40 shares in the last quarter.  Trust Co increased its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Trust Co now owns 10,808 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $292,000 after buying an additional 45 shares in the last quarter.  BKD Wealth Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.6% in the first quarter. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 8,639 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $239,000 after buying an additional 51 shares in the last quarter.  WealthTrust Axiom LLC increased its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.3% in the first quarter. WealthTrust Axiom LLC now owns 31,057 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $857,000 after buying an additional 86 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Mycio Wealth Partners LLC increased its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1.3% in the first quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 12,615 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $348,000 after buying an additional 156 shares in the last quarter. 38.56% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE EPD) opened at 26.46 on Wednesday. The company has a market capitalization of $56.53 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.43 and a beta of 0.91. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a one year low of $24.01 and a one year high of $30.25. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $26.89 and a 200-day moving average price of $27.38.  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. also was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Monday. Investors  acquired 8,038 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 444% compared to the average daily volume of 1,477 call options.




Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a return on equity of 11.73% and a net margin of 10.31%. The firm had revenue of $7.32 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.05 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.33 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 46.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts predict that  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.42 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Raises Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)” was  posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/28/raymond-james-financial-services-advisors-inc-raises-stake-in-enterprise-products-partners-l-p-epd.html. 
EPD has been the topic of several analyst reports. Scotiabank  restated a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Sunday, March 12th. Sanford C. Bernstein initiated coverage on Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Tuesday, May 16th. They set an “outperform” rating on the stock. Guggenheim initiated coverage on Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Monday, April 17th. They set a “buy” rating and a $32.00 price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, Morgan Stanley upgraded Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $26.37 to $26.50 in a report on Thursday, June 15th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $32.00.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Company Profile
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD).






Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿
































ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Shares Gap Down  Following Weak Earnings - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for ABB Ltd
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor ABB Ltd with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Summit Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMMF) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday
Olympus Corp. (OCPNY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
athenahealth, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATHN) Reaches New 1-Year High on Earnings Beat
ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Shares Gap Down  Following Weak Earnings
Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE:PII) Shares Gap Up  on Better-Than-Expected Earnings
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Short Interest Up 20.2% in June
Grenke AG (GLJ) PT Set at €64.00 by Commerzbank Ag
Pembina Pipeline Corp (TSE:PPL) Rating Increased to Outperform at AltaCorp Capital
Royal Bank Of Canada Lowers Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) Price Target to C$28.00
Trilogy Energy Corp (TET) Price Target Cut to C$5.00
BMO Capital Markets Trims Hydro One Ltd (H) Target Price to C$24.00
Dominion Diamond Corp (TSE:DDC) Price Target Raised to C$18.00
Black Diamond Group Ltd (TSE:BDI) Price Target Cut to C$2.75
zooplus AG (ETR:ZO1) PT Set at €155.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser
Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Price Target Raised to C$229.00
Datawatch Corporation (DWCH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity
Pointer Telocation Ltd. (PNTR) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Qualys, Inc. (NASDAQ:QLYS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy
Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) Lowered to “Buy” at Vetr Inc.
Digimarc Corporation (NASDAQ:DMRC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday




 


ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Shares Gap Down  Following Weak Earnings

					Posted by Michael Walen on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 




ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)’s share price gapped down prior to trading on Thursday after the company announced weaker than expected quarterly earnings. The stock had previously closed at $25.92, but opened at $25.09. ABB shares last traded at $24.39, with a volume of 3,707,648 shares changing hands. 
The industrial products company reported $0.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.33 by $0.03. ABB had a return on equity of 18.92% and a net margin of 6.47%. The business had revenue of $8.45 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.55 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.35 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. 


 Get ABB Ltd alerts:



Several research firms recently issued reports on ABB. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of ABB from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. Robert W. Baird  reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price target (up previously from $27.00) on shares of ABB in a research report on Friday, June 16th. Morgan Stanley  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of ABB in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. BNP Paribas lowered shares of ABB from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc.  reissued a “sell” rating on shares of ABB in a research report on Friday, June 9th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $24.25.




Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of ABB. Financial Architects Inc raised its stake in  ABB by 2,404.2% in the second quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 4,182 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 4,015 shares during the last quarter.  Ledyard National Bank raised its stake in  ABB by 3.6% in the second quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 4,350 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the last quarter.  Huntington National Bank raised its stake in  ABB by 40.3% in the second quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 5,484 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 1,575 shares during the last quarter.  Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new stake in  ABB during the first quarter valued at $206,000.  Finally, Atria Investments LLC purchased a new stake in  ABB during the first quarter valued at $221,000. 3.62% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
The stock has a market capitalization of $51.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.11 and a beta of 1.08. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $25.14 and a 200-day moving average of $23.81. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Shares Gap Down  Following Weak Earnings” was originally  posted by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/22/abb-ltd-nyseabb-shares-gap-down-following-weak-earnings.html. 
ABB Company Profile
ABB Ltd (ABB) is a holding company. The Company’s segments include Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation, Power Grids, and Corporate and Other. It operates through four divisions: Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation and Power Grids. It is engaged in serving customers in utilities, industry and transport and infrastructure.





Receive News & Ratings for ABB Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABB Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website
















































































































 © 2017 RetirementPlanning.Net  All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy




Compare Top Financial Advisors in Your Area 









Pre-screened Financial Advisors - No Obligation - Free Service









Select Your Portfolio Size *Select Portfolio SizeLess than $50,000$50,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000 - $500,000$500,000 - $1 million$1 million - $3 millionMore Than $3 million


Zip Code *


Name *


Phone Number *


Email *





Search Now! >>




Retirementplanning.net is a helpful online resource for consumers who are trying to be diligent in attending to the details of their long term financial planning. This site exists to provide consumers with informative articles on various topics under the broad category of retirement planning, and also gives users the opportunity to get in touch with top rated retirement planners in their home locality.








Susan, a Retired School Teacher from New York








Compare Local Advisors



Experience


Past Results


Fee Schedules


Investment Style


Professionalism 





as featured on



	 















Select The Advisor That is Right For You!




Compare Proposals




Tell Us Your Financial Goals





























Fix the following errors:Hide
























































































 © 2017 RetirementPlanning.Net  All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy




Compare Top Financial Advisors in Your Area 









Pre-screened Financial Advisors - No Obligation - Free Service









Select Your Portfolio Size *Select Portfolio SizeLess than $50,000$50,000 - $100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000 - $500,000$500,000 - $1 million$1 million - $3 millionMore Than $3 million


Zip Code *


Name *


Phone Number *


Email *





Search Now! >>




Retirementplanning.net is a helpful online resource for consumers who are trying to be diligent in attending to the details of their long term financial planning. This site exists to provide consumers with informative articles on various topics under the broad category of retirement planning, and also gives users the opportunity to get in touch with top rated retirement planners in their home locality.








Susan, a Retired School Teacher from New York








Compare Local Advisors



Experience


Past Results


Fee Schedules


Investment Style


Professionalism 





as featured on



	 















Select The Advisor That is Right For You!




Compare Proposals




Tell Us Your Financial Goals





























Fix the following errors:Hide














































Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. - About Us | Raymond James








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor




















About Us
Subsidiaries
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.






About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge




Company History




Leadership Team


Tom James




Paul Reilly




Bella Loykhter Allaire




Jeffrey Julien




Paul Allison




Steve Raney




John Carson




Jonathan Santelli




Scott Curtis




Jeffrey Trocin




Jeff Dowdle




Dennis Zank




Tash Elwyn






Social Responsibility


Giving in Review




Community Involvement




Diversity




Sustainability






Accolades




Subsidiaries


Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.


Professional Partners Program®






Raymond James & Associates




International Offices






Art Collection


Collection Highlights






Raymond James Stadium®




By the Numbers












Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.
More than a quarter of a century ago, Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. was founded with the mission to help our clients achieve their financial goals and dreams.
We accomplish this through a comprehensive review of our clients’ investment objectives, combined with a conservative, long-term approach to asset allocation and a selection of superior financial products and services.
It is this commitment to excellence that has made Raymond James Financial Services one of the nation’s premier investment management firms.
Professional Partners Program®
Raymond James Financial Services Statement of Financial Condition – September 2016 (PDF)
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. member FINRA / SIPC




















 









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started

















































Raymond James | LIFE WELL PLANNED.








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor


















Raymond James

 


The right advice
starts with a trusted relationship. 


We believe financial advice is about more than just having a plan. It’s about having the right plan for you. And that only happens with a true understanding of your whole life, beyond just your finances. Because as your needs become more complex, sophisticated advice and a relationship built for the long term become even more important.
Learn More














Commentary & Insights




                                    Economy
                                             &vert; 
July 17, 2017                                
A focus on earnings and technology [VIDEO]
Andrew Adams, CMT, Senior Research Associate, Equity Research, discusses how advancements in technology affect the future of the economy.
Watch Video





                                    Investment Strategy
                                             &vert; 
July 13, 2017                                
Portfolios with a purpose [VIDEO]
Mutual Fund Analyst Christine Sinicrope discusses the key characteristics and recent evolution of sustainable investing. 
Watch Video



View All








Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code














About Raymond James

 


A firm built 
entirely around you.


Simply put, our business is people and their financial well-being. That is the foundation on which we were built. A culture of independence gives Raymond James advisors the freedom to offer advice based solely on your best interest. Not our bottom line. All guided by our core tenets of integrity and conservatism and putting clients first. 
Learn More












We are in a people business, inside as well as out.
Bob James, Founder














Raymond James Overview




Sophisticated offerings
on a more personal scale.

As a global financial services firm, our focus is on providing trusted advice and tailored, sophisticated solutions for individuals and institutions.






Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.




Explore Wealth Management







Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.




Explore Corporations & Institutions







Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm,  we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.




Explore Advisor Opportunities















Commentary & Insights




                                    Lifestyle
                                             &vert; 
July 11, 2017                                
Should you consider a pet trust?
The name may evoke stories of heirs and heiresses setting aside enormous sums for their pets, but these trusts aren’t just for millionaires.
Read More





                                    Goal Planning
                                             &vert; 
June 27, 2017                                
Set new goals in summer
With several financial deadlines behind you, take time this summer to review your progress, set new goals and tie up loose ends. 
Read More



View All Posts








Recent News




        Corporate News
                 &vert; 
July 26, 2017    
Raymond James Financial reports 3rd quarter fiscal 2017 results
Raymond James posted record results in the fiscal third quarter including a 20-percent increase in net revenue compared to the same quarter last year, Chairman and CEO Paul Reilly announced.
Read More




View All Press Releases















Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code






Enter Last Name















Check the background of Raymond James on  FINRA's BrokerCheck






 




















Raymond James | LIFE WELL PLANNED.








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor


















Raymond James

 


The right advice
starts with a trusted relationship. 


We believe financial advice is about more than just having a plan. It’s about having the right plan for you. And that only happens with a true understanding of your whole life, beyond just your finances. Because as your needs become more complex, sophisticated advice and a relationship built for the long term become even more important.
Learn More














Commentary & Insights




                                    Economy
                                             &vert; 
July 17, 2017                                
A focus on earnings and technology [VIDEO]
Andrew Adams, CMT, Senior Research Associate, Equity Research, discusses how advancements in technology affect the future of the economy.
Watch Video





                                    Investment Strategy
                                             &vert; 
July 13, 2017                                
Portfolios with a purpose [VIDEO]
Mutual Fund Analyst Christine Sinicrope discusses the key characteristics and recent evolution of sustainable investing. 
Watch Video



View All








Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code














About Raymond James

 


A firm built 
entirely around you.


Simply put, our business is people and their financial well-being. That is the foundation on which we were built. A culture of independence gives Raymond James advisors the freedom to offer advice based solely on your best interest. Not our bottom line. All guided by our core tenets of integrity and conservatism and putting clients first. 
Learn More












We are in a people business, inside as well as out.
Bob James, Founder














Raymond James Overview




Sophisticated offerings
on a more personal scale.

As a global financial services firm, our focus is on providing trusted advice and tailored, sophisticated solutions for individuals and institutions.






Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.




Explore Wealth Management







Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.




Explore Corporations & Institutions







Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm,  we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.




Explore Advisor Opportunities















Commentary & Insights




                                    Lifestyle
                                             &vert; 
July 11, 2017                                
Should you consider a pet trust?
The name may evoke stories of heirs and heiresses setting aside enormous sums for their pets, but these trusts aren’t just for millionaires.
Read More





                                    Goal Planning
                                             &vert; 
June 27, 2017                                
Set new goals in summer
With several financial deadlines behind you, take time this summer to review your progress, set new goals and tie up loose ends. 
Read More



View All Posts








Recent News




        Corporate News
                 &vert; 
July 26, 2017    
Raymond James Financial reports 3rd quarter fiscal 2017 results
Raymond James posted record results in the fiscal third quarter including a 20-percent increase in net revenue compared to the same quarter last year, Chairman and CEO Paul Reilly announced.
Read More




View All Press Releases















Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code






Enter Last Name















Check the background of Raymond James on  FINRA's BrokerCheck






 




















Raymond James | LIFE WELL PLANNED.








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor


















Raymond James

 


The right advice
starts with a trusted relationship. 


We believe financial advice is about more than just having a plan. It’s about having the right plan for you. And that only happens with a true understanding of your whole life, beyond just your finances. Because as your needs become more complex, sophisticated advice and a relationship built for the long term become even more important.
Learn More














Commentary & Insights




                                    Economy
                                             &vert; 
July 17, 2017                                
A focus on earnings and technology [VIDEO]
Andrew Adams, CMT, Senior Research Associate, Equity Research, discusses how advancements in technology affect the future of the economy.
Watch Video





                                    Investment Strategy
                                             &vert; 
July 13, 2017                                
Portfolios with a purpose [VIDEO]
Mutual Fund Analyst Christine Sinicrope discusses the key characteristics and recent evolution of sustainable investing. 
Watch Video



View All








Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code














About Raymond James

 


A firm built 
entirely around you.


Simply put, our business is people and their financial well-being. That is the foundation on which we were built. A culture of independence gives Raymond James advisors the freedom to offer advice based solely on your best interest. Not our bottom line. All guided by our core tenets of integrity and conservatism and putting clients first. 
Learn More












We are in a people business, inside as well as out.
Bob James, Founder














Raymond James Overview




Sophisticated offerings
on a more personal scale.

As a global financial services firm, our focus is on providing trusted advice and tailored, sophisticated solutions for individuals and institutions.






Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.




Explore Wealth Management







Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.




Explore Corporations & Institutions







Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm,  we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.




Explore Advisor Opportunities















Commentary & Insights




                                    Lifestyle
                                             &vert; 
July 11, 2017                                
Should you consider a pet trust?
The name may evoke stories of heirs and heiresses setting aside enormous sums for their pets, but these trusts aren’t just for millionaires.
Read More





                                    Goal Planning
                                             &vert; 
June 27, 2017                                
Set new goals in summer
With several financial deadlines behind you, take time this summer to review your progress, set new goals and tie up loose ends. 
Read More



View All Posts








Recent News




        Corporate News
                 &vert; 
July 26, 2017    
Raymond James Financial reports 3rd quarter fiscal 2017 results
Raymond James posted record results in the fiscal third quarter including a 20-percent increase in net revenue compared to the same quarter last year, Chairman and CEO Paul Reilly announced.
Read More




View All Press Releases















Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code






Enter Last Name















Check the background of Raymond James on  FINRA's BrokerCheck






 




















Raymond James | LIFE WELL PLANNED.








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor


















Raymond James

 


The right advice
starts with a trusted relationship. 


We believe financial advice is about more than just having a plan. It’s about having the right plan for you. And that only happens with a true understanding of your whole life, beyond just your finances. Because as your needs become more complex, sophisticated advice and a relationship built for the long term become even more important.
Learn More














Commentary & Insights




                                    Economy
                                             &vert; 
July 17, 2017                                
A focus on earnings and technology [VIDEO]
Andrew Adams, CMT, Senior Research Associate, Equity Research, discusses how advancements in technology affect the future of the economy.
Watch Video





                                    Investment Strategy
                                             &vert; 
July 13, 2017                                
Portfolios with a purpose [VIDEO]
Mutual Fund Analyst Christine Sinicrope discusses the key characteristics and recent evolution of sustainable investing. 
Watch Video



View All








Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code














About Raymond James

 


A firm built 
entirely around you.


Simply put, our business is people and their financial well-being. That is the foundation on which we were built. A culture of independence gives Raymond James advisors the freedom to offer advice based solely on your best interest. Not our bottom line. All guided by our core tenets of integrity and conservatism and putting clients first. 
Learn More












We are in a people business, inside as well as out.
Bob James, Founder














Raymond James Overview




Sophisticated offerings
on a more personal scale.

As a global financial services firm, our focus is on providing trusted advice and tailored, sophisticated solutions for individuals and institutions.






Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.




Explore Wealth Management







Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.




Explore Corporations & Institutions







Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm,  we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.




Explore Advisor Opportunities















Commentary & Insights




                                    Lifestyle
                                             &vert; 
July 11, 2017                                
Should you consider a pet trust?
The name may evoke stories of heirs and heiresses setting aside enormous sums for their pets, but these trusts aren’t just for millionaires.
Read More





                                    Goal Planning
                                             &vert; 
June 27, 2017                                
Set new goals in summer
With several financial deadlines behind you, take time this summer to review your progress, set new goals and tie up loose ends. 
Read More



View All Posts








Recent News




        Corporate News
                 &vert; 
July 26, 2017    
Raymond James Financial reports 3rd quarter fiscal 2017 results
Raymond James posted record results in the fiscal third quarter including a 20-percent increase in net revenue compared to the same quarter last year, Chairman and CEO Paul Reilly announced.
Read More




View All Press Releases















Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code






Enter Last Name















Check the background of Raymond James on  FINRA's BrokerCheck






 




















Raymond James | LIFE WELL PLANNED.








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor


















Raymond James

 


The right advice
starts with a trusted relationship. 


We believe financial advice is about more than just having a plan. It’s about having the right plan for you. And that only happens with a true understanding of your whole life, beyond just your finances. Because as your needs become more complex, sophisticated advice and a relationship built for the long term become even more important.
Learn More














Commentary & Insights




                                    Economy
                                             &vert; 
July 17, 2017                                
A focus on earnings and technology [VIDEO]
Andrew Adams, CMT, Senior Research Associate, Equity Research, discusses how advancements in technology affect the future of the economy.
Watch Video





                                    Investment Strategy
                                             &vert; 
July 13, 2017                                
Portfolios with a purpose [VIDEO]
Mutual Fund Analyst Christine Sinicrope discusses the key characteristics and recent evolution of sustainable investing. 
Watch Video



View All








Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code














About Raymond James

 


A firm built 
entirely around you.


Simply put, our business is people and their financial well-being. That is the foundation on which we were built. A culture of independence gives Raymond James advisors the freedom to offer advice based solely on your best interest. Not our bottom line. All guided by our core tenets of integrity and conservatism and putting clients first. 
Learn More












We are in a people business, inside as well as out.
Bob James, Founder














Raymond James Overview




Sophisticated offerings
on a more personal scale.

As a global financial services firm, our focus is on providing trusted advice and tailored, sophisticated solutions for individuals and institutions.






Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.




Explore Wealth Management







Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.




Explore Corporations & Institutions







Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm,  we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.




Explore Advisor Opportunities















Commentary & Insights




                                    Lifestyle
                                             &vert; 
July 11, 2017                                
Should you consider a pet trust?
The name may evoke stories of heirs and heiresses setting aside enormous sums for their pets, but these trusts aren’t just for millionaires.
Read More





                                    Goal Planning
                                             &vert; 
June 27, 2017                                
Set new goals in summer
With several financial deadlines behind you, take time this summer to review your progress, set new goals and tie up loose ends. 
Read More



View All Posts








Recent News




        Corporate News
                 &vert; 
July 26, 2017    
Raymond James Financial reports 3rd quarter fiscal 2017 results
Raymond James posted record results in the fiscal third quarter including a 20-percent increase in net revenue compared to the same quarter last year, Chairman and CEO Paul Reilly announced.
Read More




View All Press Releases















Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code






Enter Last Name















Check the background of Raymond James on  FINRA's BrokerCheck






 




















Raymond James | LIFE WELL PLANNED.








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor


















Raymond James

 


The right advice
starts with a trusted relationship. 


We believe financial advice is about more than just having a plan. It’s about having the right plan for you. And that only happens with a true understanding of your whole life, beyond just your finances. Because as your needs become more complex, sophisticated advice and a relationship built for the long term become even more important.
Learn More














Commentary & Insights




                                    Economy
                                             &vert; 
July 17, 2017                                
A focus on earnings and technology [VIDEO]
Andrew Adams, CMT, Senior Research Associate, Equity Research, discusses how advancements in technology affect the future of the economy.
Watch Video





                                    Investment Strategy
                                             &vert; 
July 13, 2017                                
Portfolios with a purpose [VIDEO]
Mutual Fund Analyst Christine Sinicrope discusses the key characteristics and recent evolution of sustainable investing. 
Watch Video



View All








Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code














About Raymond James

 


A firm built 
entirely around you.


Simply put, our business is people and their financial well-being. That is the foundation on which we were built. A culture of independence gives Raymond James advisors the freedom to offer advice based solely on your best interest. Not our bottom line. All guided by our core tenets of integrity and conservatism and putting clients first. 
Learn More












We are in a people business, inside as well as out.
Bob James, Founder














Raymond James Overview




Sophisticated offerings
on a more personal scale.

As a global financial services firm, our focus is on providing trusted advice and tailored, sophisticated solutions for individuals and institutions.






Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.




Explore Wealth Management







Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.




Explore Corporations & Institutions







Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm,  we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.




Explore Advisor Opportunities















Commentary & Insights




                                    Lifestyle
                                             &vert; 
July 11, 2017                                
Should you consider a pet trust?
The name may evoke stories of heirs and heiresses setting aside enormous sums for their pets, but these trusts aren’t just for millionaires.
Read More





                                    Goal Planning
                                             &vert; 
June 27, 2017                                
Set new goals in summer
With several financial deadlines behind you, take time this summer to review your progress, set new goals and tie up loose ends. 
Read More



View All Posts








Recent News




        Corporate News
                 &vert; 
July 26, 2017    
Raymond James Financial reports 3rd quarter fiscal 2017 results
Raymond James posted record results in the fiscal third quarter including a 20-percent increase in net revenue compared to the same quarter last year, Chairman and CEO Paul Reilly announced.
Read More




View All Press Releases















Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code






Enter Last Name















Check the background of Raymond James on  FINRA's BrokerCheck






 








